patricia quina : i wish there were more free tribes to play with. but i'll definitely get my hand on one of the paid-tribes. nice control, graphics are great and gameplay is so smooth. but somehow, it's a little repetitive? maybe the developer can add more game mode idk. anyways, great game!
ignacy wojtasik : great game, though the fact that multiplayer is paid kinda sucks
hosvand's cabin : it's a wonderful game and quite enjoyable, although i have a few recommendations that perhaps you can add to the game one day? 1* bigger maps, 2*more character choices, 3* characters that are free as an option, 4* story mode, 5* new modes, and so on and so fourth, and once again i'd like to state that the game is quite enjoyable and i recommend others to play. thank you for reading and have a good day
john david thacker : this used to be a great game: 5/5. but since version 2.0.29.3971 there is a bug and only one-third of the screen is shown, as if you were playing on a phone--even if you are on a larger screen. also, the game sometimes spontaneously zooms out so far that everything is too small to see. the developers are aware of the bug but have done nothing to fix it. as of now, it's unplayable. if they fix it, i'll update my review.
jessica pierce : love this strategy game. simple concept but challenging in numerous ways and so much fun. have purchased several additional tribes and while they are fantastic, they are not necessary to enjoy the game. a bonus is that there are no ads and no worrying about checking in every day.
krzysztof belzebub kerger : really nice game, highly addictive gameplay and one of not many strategies out here that would suit my preferences. the only thing that actually bothers me is lack of variety if it comes to tribes. they all have the same tech trees, same units, even the stats of all troops are the same for all tribes. it would be so nice if, for example, the xinxi had the best swordsman but imperian had the best archers. it would put way more variety and gameplay possibilities in my opinion. good game though
gregor sleigh : i love this straightforward game. its offline which is great. ai can be dumb but that can made it harder sometimes. very replayable. i wish their were bigger maps and a game mode that lasted longer. play either the original 30 turn mode or the domination mode where you have to conquer everyone.
markus l. : the game is cute and fun for the most part. the three stars is because of lacking game design. the tech tree is way too small so there is no virtually no difference in playstyles at end game. also the prices of units don't increase so you end up just spamming troops in end game. the most difference you'll get from other players is with the tribes and even that has almost no factor when in endgame everyone has super troops, catapults, and knights.
a google user : the game itself is amazing for a mobile turn based game, but the ai is awful. dude, the ai does not "think" at all. it's just stupidly op and cannot decide if you are an ally or an enemy. i tried to help a nearby tribe to survive so that i can survive for the beginning of the game and they immediately attacked me. why? just why? i wasn't even in their territory or attacked them at all. please make the ai to "think" not to be op and have lots of points and resources from just one city. thanks!
kelly short : great simple but fun game. straightforward once you understand what's going on but changes enough with each game to keep you entertained. a little buggy but not bad. i'd love to see options on the amount of points you play until on the multiplayer though -- sometimes 10k seems too short!
rhoda baker : i used to love this game, but since the latest update i am hating it. where has waterworld gone. it now just feels like any other map and all the map choices seem much more similar than before, much less variety. i get more annoyed every time i play it and rarely bother to finish a game. please can i have waterworld back. pretty please.....
w b : this game is super fun and you can play it for years. it needs more confirmation buttons, especially for things like "disband." the buttons move around and if your phone stinks or you have fine motor issues it's way too easy to lose units instead of playing them
jeff petrowicz : good execution, but there is no way to unlock other races except to pay individually for each one. bummer. without a single player advancement such as play/achievements to unlock, army advancement or single player story it quickly lost appeal after winning a few times.
rodney sabuero : nice civilization game. and also please add diplomacy system, even just a simple diplomacy system to remain this game excellent, smooth and light at the same time. please also change the city wall system of acquiring. like you add it to the shield tech and you can build city wall by shield tech, not on a single chance when reaching specific level. edit: please add weather that last few turns and affects battles. and also random situations like plagues disasters etc.
conce alexis : i like this game but i tinck that you can add more fachion the cynami was greait but i tink you can add more
elliot melton : it's a fun game but when i pressed the end turn button on accident it ruined everything my city got captured and the npc closed on me this was all on normal i think that maybe you could have a screen saying are "are you sure you want to end turn?" it would make the whole experience better again it's a really fun game.
diamond_ warrior : it was an amazing game i loved it. it's basically a sandbox mixed with a strategy, and can be played over and over with a different experiance every time. you have to either wipe the board of all enemies or get the most points.
dane12704 : although it is a very fun and intertwining game, there's days to much repetitiveness once restarting a match, and not only that, the content available is very straightforward and limited, the only parts of the game that would keep me playing for more than a few days are the overpriced paid dlc... i feel as though this has so much potential as a game, but it goes to waste because of the developers greed and lack ago a drive to update and improve this cute little game
ryan westbay : you have to take this game for what it is, and that's just a good time. yes, paying for everything but 4 civs isn't fun, or ideal, but what you get for free is great and should be looked at as such. the replayability is infinite if you don't mind the same stuff over and over again in different skins. they did a good job, and i had fun doing it. if anything, this is a top tier introduction into this genre of games.
alistair harris : really great game. can happily play it over and over again. would be good if there was a harder mode than 'crazy' so that the challenge continues to build. would also love a story mode with maps that get progressively harder. top job, highly recommended.
fyre demon : easily the best mobile game i've ever played. the tribes are amazing, the game looks and sounds good, and i don't regret spending money on this game. as for the people that think having to get a paid tribe for multiplayer are dumb: may i remind you that it costs money to run a server? beside, the tribes are worth it even if it were just for how they look, but it's even better than that. and, also, it's a minumum of $0.99 to unlock multiplayer anyway. 6/5 if you add crossplay.
dineth jayasinghe : the gameplay itself is a very interesting and creative concept especially the tech tree. this game has given me and my friends countless hours of fun and is now and forever will be one of the best parts of my childhood. to the developer, i would encourage you to keep doing what you are doing because creating a game is not easy (coming from experience) and requires a lot of skill (something that i dont have lol). thanks for your time kind reader, and i hope you find my review helpful:)
phoenix blitz : i really enjoy the game. no map is the same, which creates different strategies. however, needing to buy a tribe just for multiplayer is disappointing. players should also have access to more than just 4 civilizations. other that that, great game overall.
sam whitaker : the battle of polytopia is one of the best games out there. i have had it for nearly a year now, and it works perfectly and is sooo fun to play. there are some server and tribe store bugs, but i notice other people have these same problems and i can't wait till those are fixed. otherwise, a fun game!
ethelvee mataga : a great civ strategy game, the best i have played so far. but the black background menu and game it ruins the game. i can only see the units and nothing else, i have tried everything to fix it to no avail. i hope it gets fixed soon! over all in my opinion the best fantasy civ game.
logan williams : love this game. its so fun and easy to play with people. plus the tribe and multiplayer expenses dont cost much so it is great for me and people who have a dollar or two. it is fun to play alone and with the pass and play. the online multiplayer is just as fun and is very easy to get. great for on the go and casual time.it also works for game time with freinds and family especially since it is close to a board game.
nick storm : with the mobile market full of money grabs and idle games, this was just the gem i was looking for! its a simple turn based strategy game that is pretty addicting. in app purchases are actually extra races you can play as but are completely optional. this quickly became one of my favorite mobile games.
alek berreth : one of the best strategy gamed ive ever played. if youre looking to get into strategy games, this is the perfect one for you. all the dlc is reasonably priced, especially for a free game with barely any advertisements.
a google user : loved this game. best one i've played. played it all the time. latest upgrade that gives stars for "discovering" them makes it 1 star and not 5 for me! totally unbalances game, way too easy. i can rush build most tech in first few moves now. before i was often overwhelmed before i built up enough to sieze initiative, now i have so much to spend by meeting 8 tribes, i max build technology and quickly win. i no longer lose; clear very early i will win.. can i turn that feature off? 5-star if so.
thomas hoggarth : the game is fun and certainly worth playing but the a.i. cheats on crazy difficulty. it summons elite units out of nowhere, upgrading the city while not actually building any extra sources of income (stars). in truth it doesn't matter as the a.i. is simple enough to beat on crazy but it's certainly annoying.
natalie kirklan : this is truly a great game,but the multi-player thing is a total bust.even when i don't have my wifi on,it still works.i also find myself to be next to everyone,for example,i would put 2 enemies and there would be 2 enemies right next to me,and then nothing else,so it limits your resource gathering.
kevin slechta : wow. this is phenomenal! this may be the best mobile game ever made! it's free, but you can buy most civs for .99, which is nothing! it is really worth giving them $10+ for most of the teams. super simple and also complex at the same time. so good!
rosa carreno : i really love this game but i have been unable to play multi-player for a week or so now. i have updated the app the app and uninstalled and reinstalled the first time this happened and that seemed to fix the issue but this time it didn't. i just keep getting a connection/server error. :(
domenique sarrasin : the game itself is great! i love the game style. however, easy mode is the only mode that's even remotely playable. "normal" mode is like a hell fire. you have to pay for most of the tribes too (not expensive, so not a huge deal) but when you put everything together, it makes a pretty unfortunate list of cons. .
kerry rowberry : i actually love this game. i'm just really annoyed that it has taken me about a year to get 3 stars (98%) and it hasn't saved. it's almost impossible because to get 3 stars you have to go against 5 tribes on crazy - and usually one tribe kills anotjer before you have chance, and the potential is lost. only on this one occasion was i able to meet and destroy all 5 tribes before one bot destroyed another, and it has been lost it is a fantastic little game much like worms or hogs of war.
azeem : played for a week or so, and got really addicted, as it is extremely fun, however due to its lack of progression, gets boring after this period. purchased some tribes to play online, however, the online multiplayer is only playable if you know the other person's player id, which is a shame, as random online matchmaking could improve the longevity of the game
riley schock : what happened to the touch screen?? the app used to work perfectly, but now i need to tap 3+ times for my touch to do anything. however the buttons highlight and move as though i've pressed the right location, yet nothing happens until i've repeatedly pressed the screen. not only that but the combat has changed and the damage values seem to be different and more biased towards the human player. i regret spending money on this app. i would like my money back.
chris o'sullivan : decent game but costs too much for all the individual unlocks for more tribes. edit: stopped working after recent one ui update
rick van hattem : the game is simple enough to grasp right away but in depth enough to stay interesting. the only thing that would really make it a lot better if you could undo your last button press, with phone screens it's easy to accidently click the wrong tile or unit.
puss in boots : not much to do after playing all 4 races on every difficulty (and that's without paying). even gets repetitive before plating 8 games. giants are nonsensical, and fully upgraded warships are overpowered like catapults are. the only thing going well for this game is the tech tree system. cubes get boring to look at after an hour.
mark singleton : i want to like this game but the are some things about the interface that make it just tricky and annoying to play. 1. why can't i zoom in more? the units are so small on any screen. 2. the battlefield quickly becomes so cluttered and confused that i can really see what's going on. hexonia is much easier to play but i would rather play polytopia. please fix so i can enjoy polytopia instead....
nolan franzen : its a very addictive game and i enjoy it. however, after perfecting all the factions, there is very little to do unless you just want to spend money on tribes. if they update so that you can unlock the other factions by stars/percentages and maybe add a few more things, i'll make it 5 stars. otherwise, good game. i like the mechanics and overall style. 4 stars.
eoh : cute, incredible, great. this game is all of that and much more. but don't just take my word for it, download it for yourself! if you have it and are considering an in app purchase, go for it! it is absolutely worth the cost, and remember, each purchase helps the developers bring better and better updates! -someone who loves this game
douglas sorensen-starr : really good turn based strategy game. you can buy more tribes but it's not pay to win. also no ads. i think it's safe to say that it's the best free turn based strategy game on mobile. also it's available on steam.
8bitlikadam : multiplayer requires real money. you cant take my money. fk yea.
gary lougee : awesome little game. i've beat it many times, on every difficulty, yet this charming game keeps me coming back. it is civilization without any of the frills. they booked down the tech tree to an easily digestible size that allows you to form different strategies for winning.
joshua meier : quality gameplay that is easy to learn but takes time and is fun to master. this is a fantastic standalone game that doesn't fall into any of the usual pits of mobile games and provides a fun single player experience that is endlessly replayeable. each update and new tribe adds a unique experience and visual and is worth buying and i hope the developer keeps adding to this game. please fix the explorer to make him a bit more reliable, and add a way to use purchased tribes while offline
ian : great game, needs a few things.. i believe that we should be able to face those that you need to pay for. even without paying for them. to be honest i'd watch a bunch of ads if it meant getting the opportunity to even face them. could this happen? i'd watch 2-5 ads to unlock a tribe. i like how ads aren't mandatory though, and the game contents are fun.
misael jimenez : awesome strategy game, i spend hours on it, and you can pause at any time to do sonething else if you get all of a sudden. (so that's a plus.) it's fun to find out all the mechanics in the game and of each tribe, you don't have to spend money to have fun woth this game , although i did because the things you buy(tribes) are permanently yours and they're cheap. overall a great game!
cap_n_ munch : this game has sooo much potential! i would pay real money for this game if only it had the following features: 1. larger maps. 2. diplomacy/bartering between countries 3. endless mode. 4. "settler" unit specifically for endless mode. [this would require limits so people don't build dozens of towns] 5. connecting roads to resources should provide benefits.. 6. do more with naval warfare 7. extend the tree to include at least 1 specific trait per kingdom.
legitimate : first its a black screen, then its a pink screen and last it closes. fix this issue
scout gaming : neat game. base tribes mostly only differ in visuals which is kinda boring, but the special ones are a bit more interesting. i would really like a optional diplomacy system though or at least a way to start a game with alliances set, since ive been here for years and have always wanted to fight with a ally long term.
zackary peters : honestly i want to give this game 5 stars but i can't bring myself to do it. it's so good for the first little while, but it almost entirely boils down to your spawn position. there's literally no chance whatsoever if you get spawned between two factions and they push into you at the same time. essentially 1 in 5 games you get a "corner" spawn with only one clan pushing into you and you can enjoy the game for longer than 15 turns. 20% of the time it's the best mobile game i've ever played.
super fat : i love this game. i'ts amazing! it has a lot of strategy and diversity that can be the deference between winning and losing. i do have a few suggestions for the game. there should be a map creater to make maps to play on and there should be a bigger map size than 324 tiles.
delete : the only thing that i wish to adress is the prices. i get that its a free mobile game with few / no ads, but if we had like 1 other tribe, this would be a perfect game. the simplicity of the graphics is beautiful. the strategy involved is amazing. overall great game that i recommend!
wilfred teo : this game is awesome by itself. but with the multiplayer function, it makes it even more enjoyable with friends. the asynchronous multiplayer is perfect for friends to play at the own pace. you can always chase them when they're a little slow over text.
unmasked melodies : one of the best strategy games i've played on mobile device. because of its offline availability made it very accessible anytime, anywhere. if you could just make a gamemode where you can play with friends using wireless connectivity like lan, it will be 10/5 stars for me. great game! continue developing and improving games like these.
owen draeger : i really like this game, it runs really smoothly and it doesn't give you any ads at all. my suggestions for improvement is make more customization for the ai such as choosing what tribe they are. and make a giant map with a team mode. good job keep it up :)
wearable : amazing well thought out game. the only bad thing i could say is that there is pay wall for online, but it is very reasonable price for the game.
paul dodd : a fun time waster but, as somebody who only plays the free 1p version my issue is the difficulty. the hard level doesn't play smarter it just gets given more stuff. the upshot is that if you survive long enough to have a strategy you win but often get steamrollered from the get go. makes it feel that winning is more about luck than judgement.
stephen e : i've been playing this game for years ever since my friend introduced me to it. i'm completely transfixed by the simplicity in game mechanics and adore the aesthetics. just one problem. transferring tribes between devices. i've purchased three tribes in past through this account, but i haven't been able to restore them in the latest updates. i'm completey apalled by this since this problem didn't occur in past. for the sake of all gamers who've lost their tribes, can you guys please fix this?
visible chocolate : spectacular game, with a lot of passion behind the development of it. lots of care put into balancing the game and adding new features, which, as of now, will be the new diplomacy system. 10/10 very replayable
clare hudson : great turn based strategy game with cute backstories and fun graphics. wanting to play with more tribes sucked me right in to paying for them all; otherwise you only play with the starter one. the basic tribes are pretty cheap though, so it doesn't feel like you're getting ripped off. i keep coming back to get three stars in all play modes for all tribes!!
patrizio bertoni : i simply loved the renewables funding concept from zebasi purchases, and i'd love to spend other money in such way. i'd gladly see more random pros/cons while encountering tribes for the first time in a game. last but not least, imho the multiplayer server mechanics shall be refactored toward a more flexible model, where people subscribe to public queues, instead of private search for "friends". go on !!!
josh ravelo : no adware or excessive iaps, simple yet addictive. the procedurally generated maps is amazing for replayability, and i love how enemies can sometimes be 'temporary allies' in the game. i do wish there were more (advanced/complex) things to do though. but still, 5/5 stars.
highrizergamin : pretty fun and entertaining, i just wish it was more expensive to where you build armies and build to do more than just take over. an alliance or truce system would be cool. so many mechanics would be fun to where you can have the simple but fun experience. i sound dumb.
daniel filler : i usually never pay money. in this game i bought everything you can buy. what else needs to be said?
john atti : this is one well polished game. i didn't pay for any of the expansions, but i had a lot of fun with a few rounds of this. once you get used to the different units, it feels like an odd version of chess. highly recommend you give it a shot if you like turn based games. it would be neat if you could add a peace option, though (not the unit conversion kind).
adam n : if you're looking for a basic fun game with no mtx, this is it. can't stress this enough, no annoying ads, no pop ups, no 'pay for more experience or time'. if you wanna spend money it's for the expansions (different story lines). i don't review mobile games, most are trash. this is a gem.
a google user : my wife and i love this game! it is great for casual pick up and play. we purchased a couple more tribes so we could unlock multiplayer. this has just the right amount of strategy but not so much that it will scare away more casual gamers. my only complaint is that i wish the point goal on the glory mission was adjustable. 10,000 is a little too low. keep up the good work!
george g : one of the best games i have ever played. perfect for journeys without connection to mobile data or wifi as this game can be played offline. either single player or invigorating multiplayer this game is rewarding as well as enjoyable and would definitely recommend for any person. (the sound is brilliant as well)
kieran grant : this game is an easy recommendation, i've played it for dozens of hours and spent even more trying to convince my friends to pick up the game so that i can beat them black and blue. no ads, it doesn't push you to buy tribes, there's no reason not to download it and play against the bots to see if you like it (which is likely).
nick boyles : really fun game, but i think the ai needs some work. i frequently get double-teamed by ai who don't seem to have any issue with each other. it may be desgined this way, but it seems a little odd. very fun but can be frustrating when the only thing ai cares about is killing you, not any of the other ai.
bill vandusen : i have to reduce my reading after the latest system update. while not the developers fault, after upgrading to android 12, the game won't launch or let me send feedback. disappointing to say the least. it was my favorite game.
gavin ross : amazing game. i've always had a picture in my head of what i want i want from the perfect turn based strategy game (my favourite kind of game) but i've never seen it realised until this game. truly the best of the genre. my only job positive (but not negative either) comment is since i'm a collector at heart an option to bulk buy all the tribes would be nice.
david young : highly recommended ultra-lite fun civ-like strategy game. free version (no ads, no timers) comes with 4 factions, which provides more than enough for base gameplay, quick matches, and up to 4 players free for all on 256-tile map size. purchasing at least 1 additional faction (most are $1) unlocks online multiplayer and the largest 324-tile map size for 5 players. buying more factions unlocks more player slots per match, but the max 324-tile map size doesn't increase after the first purchase, so you'd have players packed tight like sardines. a few buyable overhaul factions have unique play styles and different techs, but most of the generic factions don't actually have any different units, buildings, stats, or, techs. the main differences between those generic factions are visual aesthetics, initial spawned resources and terrain types, and starting unlocked tech (which does significantly impact early game playstyle but still universally common).
kevin s. : too random. whether you can achieve the goal of a 3-star score is dependent random map generation. it happens on average once per several hundred (probably thousands) games. so play is mostly a matter of spending a huge number of hours restarting once enough of the map has been revealed that you know you never had a chance.
chandler hughes : this is a great time killer, and a must have if you're a fan of the civilization series. unlike many other mobile games, while it does contain microtransactions, they are shoved down your throat ever 15 seconds, and ads are basically non existent. a well made and fun game.
delip shet : the game is fantastic and i love the graphics and the strategy it feels quite refreshing compared to other ftp games.the only nitpick i would have with the game is that there's no way to get the the locked tribes other than paying ( i understand that you need to make money).if there was a way to get them through watching ads or something that would be great. overall 5 stars
sharon gould : a fun little game, that plays true to the old computer games like civilization, just simplified. and best bit- no premium currency, no ads, no pay to play, just a few bucks to purchase new civilizations if you want and support the developers! thanks for building such a great game, keep it up!
joe benard : do not buy stuff on this game!!! i bought all the characters in the game which should have added up to 24-26$, but i got charged an extra 75$ in "courtesy fees". there was nothing saying that i had to pay extra. when i tried to restore my purchases it didn't work. i even tried uninstalling and reinstalling the game but it still didn't work. i want my money back!!!
greaterlynx : it is actually an amazing game, it takes time to really end a single match but it is worth it however sometimes hard is harder than the hardest setting and the fact that all civilization are all to get you and are not attacking each other, which can be frustrating sometimes.
bobbyjobsocks : very good game love it, not to hard not to easy and no ads at all, the only thing that would be cool would be a storyline or something along those lines but it is fine with out also should add more civilisations that are free but overall my favourite game on phone so far. i obviously don't play for a while every now and then but i will always come back to it, would definetly buy the premium civilisations but i don't spend money on phone apps.
steve russell : actually a 4 star game but since i have to be online to access my purchased (i purchased all but one tribe!!!) tribes i can't rate more than 1 star. it wasn't part of the game before, so why is that now??? it also freezes now(!) occasionally. mainly at the loading screen. i'll give it the otherwise deserved 4 stars once these 2 things are fixed.
xxnovaxx the panda : right ok i love this game... really fun and enjoyable and trying to get my friends playing to try get someone to play against, love the stratagy and its not too over the top. it is probably the most perfect blend between casual stratagy and base building game ive played... the only fault which i really wanna see fixed is... well once u win you dont really achieve anything... i wish there was some reward or a point system to buy upgrades or better tribes etc... over all love it!!!
fang 24 : ok? i am not sure what is going on here but the ai seems to be able to do things no player can. i will be about to take their town but then no enemy around and my unit dies. they can't upkeep units suddenly unit spam. and they are getting super units without even upgradeing a town. this happens on every difficulty and if they are winning or losing.
steve waters : great replayability! my son and i love playing solo games or if there's time to kill together, we'll go against each other. with random generated maps each time, you can't go in with the same strategy for each game and it definitely keeps it feeling fresh.
james tarte : this game is damn near perfect, but devs please add a feature where (after the game finishes) you can view a timelapse of everyones moves over the whole map in fast motion. this way, you will be able to see your progression and fix mistakes for next time. it will also be extremely satisfying to watch
rebecca stankus : this is fantastic! i've long been a fan of civilization...since the original game came with my first computer in 1994. it's always a real commitment to start a game of civ though as they take so long. this game cuts the length to a perfect amount and focuses on game play rather than graphics. i love it!
chuckizza : this might possibly be the best game i have ever played. the graphics have their own uiniqe design and the gamplay is simple to understand, but difficult in a way also. i would only have 1 problem with this game and that is that it takes money to get new tribes, but i am aware this is a free download game with no ads, so you have to get money somehow. the fact that each tribe has different things they start out with is pretty good.
joseph knezek : 5 star mobile game, 3 star game. the game is good, however it doesn't offer enough challenge. personally, i beat the highest difficulty within a day of playing and consistently stomp every time i play now. i'm sure online multiplayer is probably a bit more balanced, but i'm impatient and prefer when everyone else's turns combined take about 10-15 seconds :p
blushing ralsei uwu : a really good 4x game on mobile, all other game is just copying existing 4x genre without optimizing it for mobile gameplay. i know the game is balanced for quick match, but can you add more option like diplomacy? because i don't want to get rushed by 4 other nation just because im first. or maybe add additional goal in domination, like vassal state (idk for multiplayer though).
lorelei pang : cute, fun strategy game! single player gets boring after a bit but there's a great depth of strategy in multiplayer. sometimes the game hinges too heavily on randomness and you can get screwed by map generation, though, and that's frustrating.
music make you lose control : it's a great well rounded game with tons of replayability to it. for multiplayer though if a real person dies in game maybe you could add a way for them to still view the match even though they're dead, it's not a big deal just a convenience. otherwise great game and i recommend this to anyone i know
glennfield89 : it's a very interesting game, it's just that after you played all 4 basic civilizations the game just does not have anything to offer anymore unless you pay 2 bucks for a civilization. i would have 4 starred the game if all civilizations were unlockable either by in game currency or an experience system, and to say that you need money to keep updating the game, then just remove the microtransactions and play some ads from now and then.
nathan foley : been playing a couple years, my go to waiting-in-line game, super satisfying gameplay. however if you level up two cities simultaneously you only get one giant and midjiwan imperiously refuses to address this bug, spending all of their time swimming in a pool of money generated from in-game purchases (a la scrooge mcduck).
co re : it still deserves 5 /5 but the multi player is a big letdown so far. because of it's design you can't see who's afk- which means you can't ever find active games. the 24 hour setting is nice for if you want to take 1 turn every lunch break..but i can't find any fast paced/active games. should be a 2 minute setting-a 'don't close the map' setting. would probably be easier to program too. can tell they put allot of work into being able to support games users drop in and out of.
keiko : played since late 2019 always has been a great game fan of slightly different but similar tribes instead of pay to win 79$ heroes or whatever never seen a single ad all rounder game with modes that go from 10 mins to several hours worth of gameplay easy to master but always interesting every time my only suggestion would be for a more difficult mode where you get to deal with riots and insurgents so it's got more strat to it
shade ecco : a nice turn-based strategy game wrapped in a cute poly-package! the only reason im not 5-'ing is because the damage is inconsistent. yes it's clear that all units have there unique strengths and respective counters, but it's a bit tilting that i use my warrior and do 5 damage to a unit at one point and then use my warrior again on the same unit and it does 4 instead, dispite knowing that they weren't on land that activates added defence.
kajus zukauskas : the game is very fun with alot of different tribes and fun gameplay but there are two problems the a.i on crazy mode is way to dumb and can easily be beaten and the normal teibes are the same but different themes if the tribes would all be a bit different like all having a different super unit and the a.i being better game would be a 5/5
fernando noboru ramirez : overall it is an excellent game. too bad the developpers changed the format with an exaggerated use of ~italics~ to an abnoxious degree. i prefered the previous interface which was simple but delivered a welcoming and friendly surrounding. hope this will change soon.
ivan pylypko : this is the game for casuals. hard level seems like idiot level. i wonder what would easy level look lice, if on hard there are almost no enemies spawned. i should try crazy mode. also, there is no multiplayer with random people like in normal games. you must find yourself a friend (which requires for you to literally find a friend who would play this nevetheless good game for alive players) to play it. also, you must buy the game to play the full version. graphics and sound are great though.
sancho witfurrows : this game deserves best marks on any area: remarkable grafics, charming music for every tribe, well thought controls. also nice balance of units and variety of terrains make every game quite unique pushing player to explore different strategies. it worth to know that not every starting position allows to win! few cosmetical glitches found: sometimes explorer guy leaves his ghost image on the map. also when captured capital have zero production, its info text says just "produces __ each turn".
quetzali ostrich : brilliant offline turn based strategy game. only downside is that you have to pay for more tribes, but it's a mobile game, they need to make money somehow so they can keep the game running. no loot boxes wich is good. playing the game without paying for anything is like a demo version. each tribe costs around 1 with some exceptions. new tribes are considered getting added. overall fun game to play offline and travelling places.
andre pfeiffer : the game is amazing. however it drains so much battery power... on a note:someone said that half the tribes are free... only 4 are actually free its not even a third. someone else complained about artificial intelligence relying too much on shields, that didn't happen at all on me. also, if changes are made, highscores should be reset as it would make the score impossible to be achieved with the changes.
david avila : amazing strategy game, it would be cool if they added a dragon tribe of sorts id totally buy a tribe then
keita opondo : amazing game. no ads whatsoever which is pretty rare these days. they explain nicely why they charge you if you want to play in multiplayer, a mode which is entirely optional, unlike some other games which just pop up cash offers every minute. anyways the characters are cheap, only 89 british pence for most of them, and all of them are worth it. one thing i'm hoping for is bigger updates like new types of units.
jordan bocher : love the game, been playing it for months and i can't get enough of it! the only problem i have is that with the recent update i found a bug that when theres only certain characters to pick (e.g. bardur & hoodrick), if i hold down the playable character, the other ones can be played. maybe worth checking out? lol.
kareem burton : it's a really good game alot of potential but you really need too add more stuff to this, larger map, barbarians, have ai attack each other more, climate effects, a story mode would be nice played this alot of times and blew through it on each difficulty level it's too easy but it's a very good start, hopefully you start updating soon
sarfaraz habibi : great game but it definitely needs some work. it's obviously inspired by other 4x games (especially the civ series). i very much like the star system but some more work should be done on civilization building (i.e. add more tech and add "strategic resources"). units like swordsmen/knights should require strategic resources as spamming them in multiplayer on landlocked nations is all too easy and guarantees an easy win
kalebh schroder : it's easy as you play your first casual game. although you start to realize that as you try to gain more stars to try to beat the game you see that the ai seem to be cheating somehow as multiple armies will gang up on you and seem to endlessly acquire troops your struggling to produce. there are many types of armies you can acquire but only with money and many of these seem to give great benefit. being that the game is only playable to a certain point without spending money this should be a demo
robloxtoolbox wow : it's a pretty good game i like it very much. i would love it if you could just add multiplayer so you can just tap multiplayer and it would search for a random player you know. and maybe add more tribes would be nice. maybe add a costumize your own person or player to battle with. there's no bugs with me so the games pretty good.
christopher mason : this game is great. hexonia ripped off polytopia, and made some great improvements, but polytopia still just has this.. je ne sais quoi... like you can feel the devs. great 4x game, guys. i support you over your impostors, even if they look really pretty. you have more depth. thank you for a playable game that i don't have to, but want to support with my money. stay ahead of the competition, please! *hexes are better than squares, but your tech tree and game balance cannot be replaced.
feonao feonaoa : i really love this game! the design is great, it's addicting, and it never gives you ads. it only costs 89p for online multiplayer (by buying a tribe, which also allows for more people on multiplayer) and you can still play with friends using "pass and play".
myrael : it's a good game but over the year of playing it on and off it bores me out of my mind. almost all the tribes are the same, the different ones are too few and the reskins of basic ones are too many. the game could use a complete overhaul of the civs. update: game is still practically the same. overall enjoyable but not my cup of tea given the lack of depth.
david tripp : i love this game and even bought a few characters. but the largest map is puny and there is only 2 game modes! i know you guys are working on new characters but what we need is a larger playing field and a few more game modes! also please add a legit multiplayer because not everyone's friends want to download this game. if these things are added i will 100% rate 5 stars.
adrian hatys : if you enjoy games such as civilization then you will definitely enjoy this game. its fast paced and exciting. each group of people have different starting benefits which suit certain play styles. the random worlds mix things up, but after playing a lot of rounds it can get a bit repetitive. there is a pvp mode but you have to pay for it by buying new civilizations. i haven't done that so i can't say if its good. would recommend this game.
chizo : i think it's the best strategy game i've seen. but it misses some stuff (you research all technologies really fast) and also, sometimes you forgot to do things when it's your turn, so maybe add some kind of "reminder" somewhere.
artisan : amazing strategy game! this game does not cease to captivate me with every game! keep up the good work!!!
curtis bringhurst : overall, the game is great. i play it all the time. i have one gripe though. the "crazy" difficultly is nearly impossible. after only a few turns into the game, i'm being attacked by a half dozen enemy troops and i end up losing; i have no time to build up a sufficient defense.
ct : very good for a ftp game. if you've ever played civ, or any strategy game you should be able to learn this game in under 5 minutes. it's a nice little pocket civ game for when you only have 15 minutes for a quick game and i can see this being great to kill time during road trips with friends. it has a hot seat mode as well as online multiplayer (full app purchase required for online but not hot seat). if it wasn't free i'd say it's a 5 dollar mobile game.
robin kim : great game! spent money on new civilizations well worth it. only thing is it hard to see your characters at the start and end of each turn. especially when you have huge map. but definitely one of the best turn based tactics game.
m t : personally i find the game to be very good in graphics and gameplay, its unique in its simplicity and often games like this you would have to pay for, but this one is free. can get a little boring after a while, though with new content and multiplayer no games are ever the same.
nate betts : despite that dumbass elon musk calling this a "chess" game; it's still a fun quick little game.
philip liu : i think this is based on a really good idea and offers great gameplay, but purchases are required to unlock anything more than the bare minimums... if more gameplay could lead to higher levels and/or more capabilities, this would be a definite five-star from me.
deathboy 3 : i realy like this game but there is room for improvements. 1 the ai isn't realy a callange. 2 the tech tree could be bigger( more units, structures...) 3 more options in creative ( mountain map, less or more villages, more map sizes or even forms like a circle...) 4 some special tribes have nearly no special units like aquarion or elyrion compared the newer ones. 5 multiplayer options(team fights...)
sarah morris : edit: my purchase are not correct i spent money on tribes i now can't play with. tried restore purchases. i really like this game and have been playing it for a while without getting bored. my only complaint is when playing multiplayer versus bots, whatever the level i set them as, most games they don't do anything. it's like they get stuck. they don't spend stars to develop tec or use resources around them. it's basically pointless as i almost always know i can just expand and win easily.
someone real : 3 but 4 based on potential it shows. love sounds love visuals. little things. paid the money for online thinking pvp here we come but it's only if you add people and i don't know anyone to add. little things. maybe make a button or make it automatic so when i've used 1 troops moves i can easily get to the next one. when you have loads of troops it's long scrolling around the map looking for who you haven't used. genuinely fun. lots of room for growth
ethan slg : the game has a cool art style and fun gameplay. the reason i am giving it 2 stars is because of the very deceiving online play. first your not allowed to play online until you buy something from there store. i thought that was sketchy but what the heck its only a dollar. once you unlock the online though there is no online. they only thing you can now do is invite your friends who also had to pay money and play with them. no matchmaking at all!!!!! not once do they ever mention it in there game.
robert ramsey : enjoy the game but when you click on something like tribes, tech, anything with text doesn't show up. you can see parts of it in the background but not enough to read any info. if this was fixed it would be a lot more enjoyable knowing what buttons i'm pressing.
devyn t : this is my all time favorite game ever. the graphics are great, they release new tribes to it keeps the game interesting, and the over all game play is engaging. i would like to see an option where i can play real players without their ids, like it loads a player and you play them (think of hearthstone). but again i only say that because i love the game so much.
nolan sliger : very fun game. good turn based strategy that is relatively simple but also challenging. only complaint is that most of the tribes are locked behind a paywall. wish there was some way to earn them without buying. also wish i had the option for choosing a map size against the npcs
faisal al-bandar : incredible game. hard to imagine anything better on mobile
theo herbert : it's a good game. although i lose alot and get really frustrated, i still come back to play it, but i also get annoyed that there's only the same 4 tribes i can play as, so it would be much more fun if the exp points you get through games can be used to unlock a tribe.
garry whipple : this games awesome, there is a lot of things to learn but the basics are easy to master, definitely a fun game, and if your looking for a game to play, that has a lot of rng based strategy and tons of mechanics, than this is 100% for you guys
dylan walsh : multiplayer really let me down, the game is absolutely amazing but the multiplayer is not at all i exepted but i had already paid money to find out that honestly multiplayer for this game sucks. i'm assuming that it's ment to be played like words with friends or something but what i was hoping for was kinda exactly like single player but instead of boots it's your friends. the whole deal with it kicking you out after every turn and you having to reload it just to make it work honestly isn't fun and i feel like i wasted money.
miguel monteroso : yeah the game is great simple but addictive. but then when we wanted to show our skills in multiplayer it needs in app purchase to play it instead it has pass and play which is pretty boring and needs long replaying. better make the multiplayer feature free and add more troops.
emanuele manili : challenge me in multi-player: drvzhtlx671uksi4 great game, definitely addicting. i really enjoy it but can't give more stars because there's so much potential and i want to see the team invest in it and make it more complex and challenging. feels like a blueprint of what could be one day.
dj lickmystamp : really fun game which is surprisingly addictive. the game is simple to get into but has a lot of room for clever plays. the only downside is that the most difficult setting (crazy domination with many players) doesn't feel super challenging after having playing a bit.
alistair george : great fun! this nice little game is an excellent distraction, i really like the art style and 4x mechanics. my only gripe would be if the game runs too long it ends up simply being a contest to see who can swarm the other with more units.
nate moms : love how you have to use you knowledge of strategy and there is so much diversety in what tribe that you pick and what strategy you want to use.
bassline : this is really a five star game! great content, and passes time; and it can be quite challenging when you adjust the difficulty! online multiplayer is possible, and takes attentivity.
maz welker : i love this game. my favorite strategy civilization game, it's simple gameplay but can be pretty hard too. i wish there were more games like this or if they made the worlds bigger, added more interesting tech, obstacles, and rewards in this game. you don't have to join other clans or anything, you don't have to wait for any gems or coins or whatever like the usual war strategy games. it's exactly how i like it and reminds me of age of empires, which is not like any other games i have played.
aryan chanda : this game is amazing. been playing for a long while. graphics are nice, game is fun. pass and play is great if you're bored and with friends. all tribes are a dollar each except for a select few. each has a nice personality and playstyle. there is also online multiplayer, if you're into that. as a bonus, midjiwan has great customer support and responded to me within a few days.
jimmmy johns : great game but i think 2 things should be changed. 1 there should be an option to have no water in a map(easier for beginners) and 2, there should be a multiplayer quickmatch instead of inviting and waiting for friends who may or may not want to play.
nicholas grant : i pretty much never play mobile games except puzzle games. my girlfriend recommend this to me and i was really hesitant to even give it a try. i regret that hesitation though because this is a well thought out game with a really good balance. it has no ads and 4 tribes are free. to get the others is like the cost of just buying a game that came with them. i honestly recommend it, this coming from a person who has never been big on mobile games.
taymi : i found this game 4 years ago and it used to be pretty awesome without elyrion, bug headed tribe and aquarion. if you ask to me aquarion is undefeatable. trident units just appears from clouds kills all my units then they go back to the clouds. its pissing me off. i personally started to do that because i saw how annoying and powerful it is. also polaris has a fortress that dies in 3 fricking hit. it has to be a little bit weaker. i believe it can be balanced(reduce star point costing and hp).
ritchey canada : my favorite mobile strategy game, so easy to play and learn and very friendly to mobile.
tatrz 432 : fantastic, a quality game that i have spent hours playing. an amazing simplified, not stupefied, 4x game that probably should cost something to even play. even with only 4 starting factions for free, the time i got out of those 4 is crazy. well worth your time, definitely get some of the dlc factions.
mam07 : brilliant game. i am probably overthinking this game but i have so many suggestions to make it just a bit better. firstly, add more modes, secondly, add bad outcomes to ruins. thirdly, make some villages not join you because of the other cities. lastly, add unrest which will cause a rebellion if over a certain amount. add a unit which makes unrest increase massively. make other units affect the unrest. add diplomacy and trade. i know it would take a huge amount of time to make change. consider it
matt h : edit: this game is better than hexonia after playing both of them at highest difficulty. they are both easy and it is impossible to lose but this is more challenging. it also has small details that make it better than hexonia imo. don't let hexonia fool you with its better graphics, this game is more fun and just better in the long run. chasing high scores is still boring though.
philip palmer : i like the game but am meet with to many bugs that haven't been fixed, such as not being able to pick a tribe without it freezing and the only way to join a game is by pressing random tribe, after joining the game i was meet with more bugs such as when i tap a tree upgrade or try to build something the tab pops up then disappears instantly, making it impossible to upgrade or build anything
john michael duran : pretty nice game. though we still need to purchase but its understandable. support the game with this. keep up the good work guys and also add some contents too, got bored sometimes( dunno why but i have played other strategy rts game like this ), like additional troops, aggressive ai(yeah), and modes where u can play with ur friends (neighbor and classmates xd).
aurora edwards : this is the perfect tablet game. simple enough that a child can pick it up instantly (mine did) yet with infinite replayability and challenge for adults to chase that elusive high score! plus, no annoying ads or pay to win gimmicks. ive tried several tablet strategy games and i always come back to ploytopia.
ariel pippin : it is great fun for a day or two.. but then it gets old. 1 you should be able to unlock at least a couple of new tribes for free. 2 i paid to unlock one tribe so i could access multiplayer and see if it added interest to the game playing a new tribe - it did not. the multiplayer function is weird and everyone is stuck waiting for more players for a game that never starts. just need some things to make the game more involved to keep interest longer + fix multiplayer
dustin reed : this game is amazing and can certainly go places. i do however wish there was more content, options/choices, etc. a way to expand from the max if you know what i mean. in other words it's a 5 star game, but not enough, there's just not enough. great time passer but it could certainly become a much more enjoyable game.
living relic : i love the game! it reminds me of civ but each faction feels very diverse. i bought a faction just for multiplayer. its really not that big of a price to pay. its only 2 dollars for amazing gameplay. yes its a microtransaction, but thats how you support the deveolopers! notice that there are literally no ads? its not your average mobile game, its not a money trap, its a well fleshed out good game. really feels like a pc title on mobile. i would hope they add a multiplayer type server system.
felix muller : probably the best mobile game i have ever played. in contrast to most mobile games, this one can be truly challenging. the world generator provides a new interesting map every game and keeps it fresh. even after multiple years, it's the only mobile game i come back to time after time. great work!
zander martin : this game is hard and challenging, but it's still really fun, like if you played a game and beat it, you feel so good for winning. and the games is so different from what i've seen on the app store now i can't find a game that looks good. in this you get to pick a race and each start out with different abilitie witch i've never seen before in a mobile game. so i think this game deserves a... 5 stars
aiden jeremy : amazing! been a go to on every phone in my house for years now!
zar jaa : this has become my go-to travel game. can often make a game last a flight, always enjoyable and entertaining! geaphics are not amazing, but its an intentional design. gameplay is simple but offers variety. controls are simple, quite intuitive.
a. k. : i do absolutely love this game though i wish there was a freeplay mode where you can just work on increasing your cities and maintaining your civilization. also, a bit of an easier peaceful solution would be great. its easy to get dragged into hostile actions. all that aside, this game is awesome!!
joseph cannings : really fun turn-based, strategy, 4x games that is so simple that people of all ages and play levels can enjoy. the graphics are cute and the civilizations are fun and well thought out. it's one of the best games on the app store by far. i will buy any new civ to support the developers because me and my family have so much fun with this game.
noblekings : this game is pretty fun and interesting. i started off and it was fun but the only problems were that you have to buy tribes and you only had 4 to choose from. 2nd was that you had to buy a tribe to play online. last is that when i play easy the enemy does not seem easy to me and easily overpowers me so easily. either i was the one being easy to attack on or the game is weird. i hope you can give us more tribes to choose from and that we are able to play online.
najib aslam : this game is super good , it is almost to perfection but to be honest i think the tribes arent suppost to be payed-to-play. at least , just put one single price to conclude all the tribe like ; 5 dollars to get the full game or something like that. and one more thing, it would be better if we can see the full technology tree while we were choosing tribes before playing because i want to see which tech will it enable
benjamin wyman : wonderful game! only complaint i have is that my friend and i would play some online games and occasionally, one of them would not pass the turn to the other player, leaving the game in a sort of limbo where neither player can touch it. otherwise it's a solid game!
logan vurklemeyer : good quality. maybe you could add an experimental version for players who missed the beta.
steven julio : great game for rts/board game players who are willing to spend a few dollars for something worth it.
kamran hennessy : i'm normally quite sceptical with mobile games, but this is simply brilliant in so mahy ways. no fluff, just a nicely designed game with fun casual gameplay. no annoying adds, extra civilizations have to bought but with a fair price. only thing i wish for, is to be able to buy all extra civs in one pack for a discount. but brilliant overall!
ron german : great little game. however it is missing a few things e.g. undo move. sometimes you move and realise it was ths wrong piece but you can't undo so you are stuck with it. it's also very difficult to get really high score when you ard trying to get another character open.
clown : the best mobile game of 2018. it really is conservative of the screen, as it doesn't support controllers. which is ok, but i nodded controller support in. anyways, it's an amazing strategy, fun as heck, and the thing is, is that this is still a mobile game.
vaughn elliot : look there is no doubt this game is an amazing quick civilization experience that we've all been looking for. but when i lose my purchases twice.... this is ridiculous. i purchased ai-mo and venegir, lost them and got them back. now that i have them back i've lost the two other tribes i've purchased with the new update and the "restore purchases" button does no such thing...
a v : it's brilliant. occasional moments where a tough unit gets wiped out by a weaker unit and leaves you thinking 'whaaaat!' but hey its a minor glitch. would love to see some bigger maps at some point so that a much longer game with heaps more tribes/conflict can be encoutered. tribe-specific 'special' units/skills would be a nice touch as well.
firza fernanda : i used to download this and it was one of the best strategy games. i played it whith my friends countless times and it was amazimg but now idk why, there will be a glitch or something that it would not allow me to choose my own tribe, train troops, make ships, build farms, harvest foods, and etc honestly this was a great game but after the glitch i dont fell comfortable playing it. i hope you can fix this glitch.
k. block : the single player is fun and i would recommend it. you have to pay to use multiplayer, however. in my opinion they should make people who dont want to pay watch an ad before and after the multiplayer game. that would still bring the creator revenue, but enable everyone to play multiplayer and experience the game how it was meant to be experienced.
jacob corliss : i really enjoyed it for about 2 months. sadly, using the only 4 available factions got old. i understand that in order to use more i have to pay. i respect that you don't have ads as well which is why you sell more factions. great game, but only 4 factions that got old within a few months.
dawn cherrington : love this game. there are not a lot of charges, like in some games where you have to pay to advance, just to buy different tribe, but you don't need to. it come w 3 tribes and you can change the levels, amount of teams, how you play and landscape. you can even play multiplayer. my whole family loves to play against each other.
bernard abel : this is the first mobile civ-building tbs that i've played that feels like a proper tbs. it's smaller scale and faster paced than what you may be used to on pc, but it's very complimentary here. it's hands-down the best tbs i've played on mobile, though it suffers a bit from feeling like progression isn't rewarding enough. this would get 5 stars if i could either buy the game or a "pro version" upfront and unlock more tribes through progression, instead of shelling out for each individual tribe.
cloud : great game over the strategy involved and had tons of fun playing it. the only reason i'm not giving it five stars because most of the tribes are locked and you need to pay. i understand if you need to pay for the special ones and maybe couple normals, but 90% of the tribes are locked, so playing the game gets repetitive fast. otherwise, i enjoy the game very much. i hope you can just make it so that you make some more tribes free to make it more entertaining.
plarrip : a bit confusing at the beginning, whether or not it's a good game. but after a couple of matches i got hooked to it! even more if playing with friends (1/ charge). it comes to be the mobile and simplified version of age of empires.
alex bond : one of the best phone games i've ever played. intuitive controls, extremly well balanced and fantastic depth for continued play. graphics are fantastic too, and the easter eggs are worth a laugh as well! give it a try if you like strategy games - you won't regret it!
clopez lopez : good beautiful art this game would be 5* if we didnt have to pay for multiplayer other than that very good strategy game pls remove the paywall stopping us from playing multiplayer im begging here
kelly tsalamandris : very addictive and fun, my only issue is that some of the multiplay games i play freezes for instance i will have my turn and it will tell me it's waiting for my opponent to have their turn but on my opponent's screen it will says it's still waiting for me..then the time runs out and we can't continue the game.
andrew reed : the game isnt bad. i've played it for some time now. it's a simple turn based strategy game. 12 normal tribes which all have the same technology as the others, you start the match with different tech. the 3 unique tribes bring out more of what the game could be. the multiplayer aspect forces you to head to a website to find people to play with, there is no match making like similar games have. age of strategy being an example. now they seem to just push merch while adding nothing new to the game
hoff : really fun to play with family and friends i just wish i could make the maps bigger than 324 tiles, 1,000 tiles would be amazing for large scale battles with the whole family. besides size complaint, the gameplay, and graphics are marvelous. i live the concept and it's still incredibly fun. that's why i spent real money to play multiplayer because i really enjoy playing this game.
levi mars : ui is fixed. good strategy game
derrick kinney : its pretty fun, but the fact you need to increase production in city and fact that after town hall 5 the bases don't really change puts a limiting factor on game as a whole. it gets boring and while new updates are fun, i was hopong for random biomes as well. like for example, an oasis in the dessert, or a tiny mountan hil top that gives you extra range. theres not an option for that. shouldnt you be able to shoot fartgdr if your on a higher surface?
gabriel brown : i love the game and think it's great how it is but i've always hoped that some sort of 'alliance' feature would be added so you could team with friends in multiplayer or with bots when playing solo. just a suggestion but other than that good job and keep doing what you're doing!
a google user : this game is pretty good, and the game is kinda langhty but really fun. i do wish the different factions were more varied in game play on different skills being unlocked at the beginning or having a unique skill for each of them, but it is still worth playing.
raven prime : its an amazing game with great graphics and amazing features that i rarely see in games like this, i highly recommend downloading it if you enjoy strategy, though i wish there were slightly more game modes and making it so the environment had an effect in game such as the desert decreasing movement speed to troops not near water or in the desert tribe and so on.
safwan sya : love the game :) i wish there is a gamemode that allowed players to team up with each other to beat the other teams/bots so we dont have to keep ignoring the attack of our teammates or block each others path and maybe able to see each others capital/cities/troops. also have connection to server problem too.
michael davis : nice strategy game.the civilization system and tech tree were genius.it is very fun for me to produce units, upgrade my city,explore,capture villages,build structures and so on.just the idea of upgrading technology and civilization,exploring and conquering,along with the element of turn based combat, really makes me feel freeroam action and adventure.if that was the intention you nailed it for me.
marko milic : fantastic and addictive game. although, there is a bug that after most of the tribes (including paid ones) have 3 star rating, remaining couple of tribes are unable to get to 3 star. for instance, i get 3 stars for zebasi, and after game ends, zebasi still has it's previous rank - 2 stars. i mean, not a game breaking issue, but annoying for us who want all tribes with max rating
sergei timoschenko : a pocket civilization game. - ui is not overloaded, easy to play in a bus or metro - no internet connection needed and you can play offline - no ads - no in-game purchases (except a new races, but default a pretty playable) - i will recommend play in this game and buy a beer(or coffee) for devs (: upd: doesn't work on chrome os (have sound and black screen after run), so i take 2 stars back
vincent incarvite : there are a few tweaks that would greatly improve my experience with this game: 48-hour turn timers (like most turn-based mobile games), the tech tree always being visible, and a better indication of how much damage things will give/take (probably the most difficult to implement).
tim h : third edit- crashes on open everytime. second edit- 5 stars cause i like the game so much, but now it crashes everytime upon opening great game. 2 stars for trying to get 14 dollars for all content. i get you need to make money but thats a joke. edit- ended up buying all content. need to fix computer difficulty even on hardest level the ai doesnt even play sometime
katie jones : this is a really fun game. a cute little version of civilization. i like it because of how cute it is as well as being super difficult. but i would rather it have an online multiplayer version. i dont have friends to play this with lol! and if i am with my out-of-my state friends, i'm pretty sure if i told them about this game they wouldn't download it. i just want to play against people
ss cc : the best phone game i've downloaded so far. the graphics drew me in, then the game play. it's easy to get started and play, then the strategy keeps you engaged, and engaged. awesome music, character design and graphics. well done polytopia team!
kaiden smith : this game is one of the best games i have ever played.good job:)it would be cool if they added more to the truck tree. after awhile i just gets to be the same things. also customizable maps would make the game really fun having control over every aspect of the map.
tjeerd k : very fun game, perfect to play with friends as it's turnbased so you can occasionally start it up to make some moves. multiplayer is only available after a purchase, but after that it's simply unlucked. normally i would slighlty frown upon this but as a standard tribe unlock is only 99 cents i think it's a really fair price to play this game online
garfoosold : this is a great strategy game. i have enjoyed many hours in this game and i think this is a very well designed game. i just don't think the special tribes were well designed. they all suffer from the same problem of having a weak early game and a strong late game due to bad spawns and the lack of certain techs. on the other hand if they do get to the late game they will gain insane power from their unique units. i think this would be fine if there was an alternative that played differently.
mason pyrke : the first impression doesn't lie, the reviews don't lie, it's greater than than it looks. it's got a magically simplistic touch that let's you immerse yourself without the troubled feeling of trying to understand how to play. it's very unbelievably entertaining despite how basic the whole game is. this game compares to console games plus it's a bombshell in aesthetics and sound. if the gameplay doesn't suit you then atleast the music, sound effects and general theme will definately please you
dragon : i played on a friend's ipad adn really enjoyed it, then when i got it on my touchscreen chromebook, i couldn't even press anything. it wouldn't let me do anything. it welcomed me into the the ect. and then nothing. i pressed everything but zilch. i have tried uninstaling and reinstalling and any help would be really brilliant as this game was really cool when i could play it! :p
sean rose : worked great until around september 2020 when they made changes to the programming for android. couldn't play for months until the new update came out. now it's painful to play the game because of server issues. tap, tap, tap... nothing happens. they took a game that worked perfectly and completely screwed it up. can't get into my multi-player games because of server issues. unbelievable.
james christie : exactly the game i have been looking for. only thing that would make it better would be the ability to purchase all the races in one go. the basic 4 are enough but purchasing each new one individually is a pain.
ionracas : not a bad game per se, though reletively boring once you play a decent amount of games. there's no real strategy other than mass produce military at the start, find all the villages to claim, then rinse repeat mass military spam. it has a civilisation feel, but kind of falls flat with how lacking it is in content, especcially considering you have to spend real money on other playable factions despite there not being much of a difference. i know this is a mobile game, but that isn't an excuse.
gage ervin : great content; dlc without pay to play... multiplayer is slow with many games pending; that could be improved. a 10 hour turn limit would be nice; i can't think of many use cases for the limits more than fifteen minutes and less than enough time to sleep.
beck greenslade : great game all paid content is cheap and worth it
rick arding : 2 years later and this is still an awesome game. i'm not a very good player, but i can set the difficulty low enough to have a good game.
nick williams : this is a great game! very fun. but the multiplayer could be better. if the makers of the game see this could you change the multiplayer part to where you dont need a player id so you can play with people across the world even if you dont know them! but over all its a great game
lewis parke : great game. i love everything about it. i would give it 5 stars if they would remove the pay to unlock characters feature. i understand they need to make money so i would suggest making it that if you get a tribe to 3 stars, you get to unlock another tribe of your choosing. maybe you should make bundles of 3 for 1.99 instead of 0.89 for 1. still going to play it, just don't like spending money on games.
kjm : fun, simple and strategic. it's everything you want from a game and more. the music and graphics are charming and i think this level of polish is very rare to see in this age of mobile gaming. obviously the fact that all tribes are locked behind a pay wall is a little disheartening but overall, i cannot wait for the steam release and the future updates to come.
firecloud max : the game is really good, there is so much strategy potential and the mechanics are on point. over-all great strategy game. there is one thing i would like the developer to add. an option to archive the games, if u had a great game, after it's over, to save the world so u can come back later and check it out. i would love to see that in the game!
jennifer keane : i play this on a pixelbook (chromebook) and until the recent update, it was my favorite game. now, the game won't load the full screen , which would be landscape mode, and only shows on about a third of the screen, in portrait mode. if this is fixed, this would be a 5-star game.
simone martelossi : amazing game, feels like a simplified version of civilization. love the concept of tribes, and the easy mechanics - clearly designed with a phone in mind! just wish there was a way to customise more the game, like setting a custom world size or customising names. otherwise, almost perfect!
jeen chu : i really like this game but since the recent update the controls have been glitchy. i have the characters and spaces multiple times to make something happen. i un-installed and re-installed it and it didn't help. i have a samsung s10+ running android 10.
ethan bunce : very fun game. i like the payment model of being free to play with no ads, but you can buy additional tribes to add to the game. i liked the game enough to buy the kickoo and elyrion tribes and they are both awesome. elyrion lets you have powerful whales you find on the map fight for you. the strategy isn't very deep it seems, so i play it more as a relaxing game thanks to the sweet graphics. plays very smoothly. 5 stars for the almost seamless application of a great idea.
justin klaus : best strategy game on mobile its like advanced wars mixed with clash of clans
clayton lacoste : fun no advertisements all round good game
dork triogamer : it's simple but with enough that you can take seriously i accidentally play it meta cuz of how long i play i've seen complaints about crazy bots difficulty and payment but that's the point of that difficulty and besides if you are good there easy and the paywall makes sense with the quality especially the mp servers which will have a high upkeep they still let you play pass & play, with four tribes, i'd like for teams and map makers, and prefer an option for a one time payment this is plenty
david bessant : great game, very addictive. crazy difficulty isn't very hard to beat once you get the hang of it though which is a little disappointing. but overall very reasonable pricing if you would like to play multilayer / add some variety.
jack woolnoth : beautiful and brilliant fun. a great phone or tablet version of civilisation. the tribes are all well designed (graphically and gameplay wise) and feel different to play with. the overall gameplay is solid and does have you thinking about how to utilise your chosen tribe's strengths. some have criticised not being able to play random players online, which i understand. but it's easy to find a discord or reddit post with other players' ids to play against.
davidplayz : very fun and balanced game, the only thing i don't like is that you have to buy a tribe to play online.
someone random : a great game but a tad too easy, sometimes i get into a situation where the ai just keeps swarming me when im taking a city, like with 2 or so catapults and i have to take out all the other troops or always capture with a defender or giant. usually when it happens i already know im going to win no matter how long it takes.
tyler benson : fun game does not need internet and hope the diplomatic stuff gets released soon
amogh khanna : i really love the game, but i hope you guys add more free tribes to play with because playing with only 4 is irritating sometimes, having like a trail period woth some of the tribes would be great and options to create allies and treaties for eg. treaty between 2 tribes lasting 10 moves meaning they wint attack each other for 10 moves if they do then there's a penalty or something. that'd actually be great and extending the tech tree would be good as well.
nosrenda101 : great game, well designed, simple but pleasing graphics. the only thing that is keeping it away from a 5 is that you start with 4 tribes, and have to buy the rest. but they are cheap and some is even sent to charity. if i could give it a 4.5 i would. would recommend.
danv123 : i love this game but it really really needs an option to search players in the multilayer. at the moment you can only play people you add. i feel like i've been ripped off purchasing the dlc only to find out there isn't even an option to search other players or look for lobbies
j c : fantastic game, great that there are no ads and a good selection of tribes that bring interesting new traits making them worth purchasing. really, really needs matchmaking of some sort though! multiplayer is a headache to join a separate app, enter a random code and wait...and hope... would love the opportunity to play online in an easier way. i think it would also bring more people back & encourage more tribe purchases so should be good roi...devs?
nathan s : turn-based strategy. cartoon graphics do not mean it's a child's game or simplistic. easy to learn, hard to master. paid for civilizations are not pay-to-win. you can play against various levels of bots, on one phone with other people, or online against friends.
jasher the darkened : just recently after i decided to purchase a tribe for the game, the main screen and tribe choice menus messed up, now any time i try to choose a tribe, the background music specific to the tribe plays, but nothing pops up and i cannot click anything. please fix the bug as i haven't been able to play for quite some time! (edit) the bug has been fixed by the dev team, thanks for the effort
james tagg : nice simple civ-like game. my only complaint is the lack of a "next unit" button. if you play a game like this it's absolutely essential to have this button when you have many units else it becomes very hard to figure out which units have still got actions remaining each turn. if you could add one feature, this should be it.
dawid bola : the game itself is great, the best mobile strategy so far! lack of adverts makes me even more in love with itlooking forward to support developers by buying some inn-app purchases. it would be nice if there were more diplomacy options, expanded tech tree and more buildings! hope you'll include it in the next updates! as a fan with at least more than 100 hours in the game you've got my honest opinion
alesha arfin : this game is pretty much my favourite game, it should have more downloads! the concept of the game and how its put together is very clever and the music is amazing ( especially for the quetzali tribe )i love how every game is different and the tribes that you need to pay for are quite cheap! the graphics and art style is very unique and for every tribe it is completely different which makes the game even more exciting!
elle mendez : great game it is one of the best games i've played in a while since simple controls and design. with play pass you can get the tribes free or just help them out by sparring a few bucks my favorite tribe is imperius all tribes except the special ones and others have the same tech tree.
mr. business : charming visuals, but gameplay is far too simplistic for my liking, and the ai is quite primitive as well. however, i find myself coming back to polytopia often, so i guess it has the replay value that many mobile games lack.
wedab alot : great app. it has polish and charming graphics. the gameplay is fun and intuitive , it is a bit hard to understand some concepts but the main bit is great. it does have in app purchases but just the base game is great and other tribes seem like dlc and it doesnt seem pay to win, exept maybe the special tribes. overall great game 10/10 stars
hamaki avetkeen : the games is 100% fantastic but i have a problem with this game and i hope to solve it asap. the problem is everytime i try to make a purchase for a tribe it doesn't complete at i tried to use my credit card and vodafone billing but none of these methods could be done. thank you very much. what a game!!!
radu luchian : a must have for any strategy fan. best "civilization" type app i found. good balance of research and action, no micromanagement, nice faction balance, nice take on the tech tree, cute animations, unobtrusive sound that makes sense for current action, has multiplayer with friends or the world.... it doesn't fleece your wallet.
k loo : very fun. it's only a dollar to unlock multi-player a fair price for what's offered.
devin k : often has connection issues. uninstall and reinstall frequently but it is a great game!
jesse albrecht : love this game. same idea as advanced wars, or uniwar or turn based age of empires....but with it's own unique flair. pretty simple to pick up and play, but takes a lot of time to master (i'm still working on it). absolutely worth downloading and trying the game. one of my all time favorites.
e man : this game has given me something to do whenever i get bored and the fresh experience with every new map is amazing! the only other thing i would add would be an ai only game option, i think that would be pretty interesting. not pay to win and the only game i deemed worthy of my money.
arina sun : i don't like the graphics update. some animations were sped up, but then some buttons stopped working which defeats the whole point. what's the point of speeding up the unit movements and then slowing down the city upgrade animations by adding a jiggling effect?
jamie herzig : it's a nicely made game, simple enough to play on the bus but with some good strategy. unfortunately it only took me 3 play throughs to get good enough to beat the hardest ai. there is online play but only with friends which doesn't help me. so unfortunately i can't recommend this to fans of pc 4x games, it just gets too easy too fast.
lori marshall : the origional og, ive played this game since dev, bought everything, and got 19 of my freinds do play as well! this game is not a averadge strategy game and has strange but loveable graphics. all of the critical reveiws are about price or ai differculty, but the ai is tailored for your individual style, the ai is adaptive in a way that means that the crazy ai (for example) may spam catapults every game one day, but then the next they may put sheildmen in front and the catapults on mountains.love
lindsay macgregor : love it! while there's a bit of a learning curve, it's mostly strategy. there were no ads, which was great, and game is completely playable even without in-app purchases. i am constantly in the middle of three or more online games of this with my sister.
kate frangella : excellent game. great for casual play or marathon sessions. i really wish it had an undo button. sometimes i accidentally tap somewhere while trying to pan the map. a "season pass" type of iap to buy all tribes at once instead of a bunch of separate transactions would also be nice.
dracula cat : one of the greatest games to exist on the play store. as a small sidenote, i would like it if the devs added a feature to see previous won battles, basically an archive of all the squares we've fully conquered, it would definitely be an interesting snapshot of a player's progress
tim s : been playing about 2 weeks and i just cant put it down. possibly the best mobile game out there... ive noticed a few minor graphic glitches mainly with popup windows but other than that this game is perfect. so far bought 1 tribe. defintely plan to get them all. *number one thing i think this game needs is instructions. ive spent hours playing and just realized today building windmill next to farms gives extra bonus.
gaming zene : one of the best game i've ever played, it has so many potentials! i would love to play this game again when the a.i are much more challenging because its only hard at the start of the game also the problem in pvp is that it consumes a lot of time thinking your next move so im not really into it. i will be waiting for further updates.
george turner : love this game, i could play it for hours. the special tribes are great, especially since they add a new aspect to the skill tree. would be nice to have some sort of story mode with stages, each stage adding another tribe or making the opponent harder.
larrinuu poldo : very fun, makes you have to think about your next move.
ryan betzler : exceptional game! the interface and game play are very well thought out. very affordable and fun to play! my only suggestion would be to add an ally mode in multiplayer. so you can team up with your friends against the computer players. other than that, it's the best mobile game that i've played in a long time.
patricia uresk : worst strategy game i've played. so i've tried to do a 1 v 1 v 1 v 1 but at the end the entire time i just can't do anything. and the bots are set on easy. like half the time i can't train troops which allows the enemy to capture the city, then my troops don't do squat comoared to the enemy. and it's stupid that you have to pay more stars for research when you capture a city.
atlas w : a great game! one of my favs, though i think there should be a mode like perfection, but without the turn limit. i love the city and exploration system, but there should be an undo move button, for when you're exploring and mis-click.
kimmie k3 : this is a good game with a simple premise. you defend and expand your civilsation. a few problems though. add a tutorial, this is a good game and it really shows how much care they put but your doing everyone a diservice if your audience can't get to know the game and gets frustrsted within a day. add a campaign mode which teaches you each mechanic well and instills the player tactics. also delete the paywall. players who don't pay, feels frustrated. those who do feels ripped off.
borgen dios : multiplayer shouldn't be managed on discord but via matchmaking directly, otherwise quite a good game. would like a slower solo mode that we could play for many days and not have to restart all over the time. add maybe some scenes so we can see the actual fight happening or whatever would be more "epic". simpler is also good though, a balance is findable.
alok dangi : i don't normally write reviews, but this was and is, without a doubt, one of the best games on the play store. have been playing for a good 2-3 years now, and this game have never gotten boring (something that most triple aaa games cannot accomplish). each tribe has unqiue building, "feel", and tactics so the game is always refreshing, and you get 4 completely for free. buying more is very cheap, as they're mostly priced for less than 1 which is fantastic for what you get. get it :d
kelsey cyganik : had this app for about a year and still play it. i chalk that up to the fact that you never have to wait for energy to restore or wait x amount of time for something to build, you can go from game to game as you please. the best thing however, is you can play it offline. wife and i have one car so i spend a lot of hours sitting in a parking lot waiting to pick her up, and this game has been a godsend. the biggest drawback is that it can also keep me from going to bed because it is addictive!
brad wetzel : honestly, it's pretty great. its likea turn based star craft, but back when it was fun and not a gruelling reminder of your failures. the game has it's variety of quirky bugs, but they're minor and in no way game breaking and getting fixed on the reg. so hop on it. it's delightful.
vinny with a y : possibly one of the best strategy games to ever come to your phone. a phenomenal amount of work has been put into every aspect of this game, and it still is. the gameplay is easy to pick up, and a joy to master, and the best fun is found with others. any tribe can be successful, and you don't have to buy the special ones to have fun (didn't stop me though!). i recommend polytopia to anyone who wants a great strategy game on the fly, and i wouldn't go anywhere without it!
calen cummings : good enjoyable game they could add more tribes or something new.
will stolze : honestly it's a good game. but on harder difficulties the ai just spams catapults. i feel like it's unbalanced because of it. the ai will have 10+ catapults and few swordsman or archers. it makes no sense that a catapult one hits almost every unit. it should rng whether it actually hits a unit so that catapults are more useful against walled cities instead of being the primary for every army.
nia harris : i enjoy it. i play it offline. the biggest issue i have is that i feel the when i'm up against an ai, there are no equal stats. i get its a strategy game, but the pieces don't feel balanced enough to make it fun. when playing crazy mode i'm overwhelmed, and keeping pieces from being defeated is a true chore. even getting them leveled up doesn't seem to matter. also player defense responding catapults currently deal no damage after being hit and returning fire.
wes anglin : this is an enjoyable game. fairly simple and clean looking. it's one of the few actual strategy games on mobile. i really approve that they didn't plague their game with many of the systems that are in other mobile games. no idle timers, no persistent in game currency. the only transactions are if you want some extra tribes, which i think is a fair and straightforward way to monetize. i appreciate that you guys genuinely made a good game.
balthazar lindsay : polytopia is an absolutely fantastic game. from the simplistic art style to the clean ui to refined mechanics everything in this game screams supreme excellence. my only regret is not having found this app sooner. the in-app purchases are more than reasonable and i have not been disappointed once; on the contrary, i've been pleasantly surprised by what you can get for a mere 99 cents. i cannot recommend this game enough to any avid strategist! (the fantasy elyrion tribe gave me spyro flashbacks which made me absolutely fall in love with it.)
sidneysr71 : awesome game with a high skill ceiling. there are so many tricks you learn as you play. and there are a number of flashy plays to pull off. i gave it four stars because the game is not completely balanced. if you don't pick one of the top tier tribes like zebasi (controversial) or polaris, chances are, you're not going to win. also, you are quite dependant on the world generation. sometimes there is barely anything to use to upgrade your cities. still, easily my favourite mobile game.
kevin a : this game literally simplifies all the conquering games out there you start out build you army as fast as you can and advance it with out having to wait hours for a delivery or advancing to the next city haven't tried multiplayer yet but the standard is awesome wish you can add more that 3 teams on a map ...amazing game !!!!!
rex goodman : update would be awesome but the touch sensitivity is way worse than before. having to tap multiple times to get the response makes the game much less enjoyable. another vote to return to the previous release if the touch sensitivity can't be fixed.
isaac pace : beautiful graphics/art, tons of variety and stategy. i bought one tribe so i could do online. i do however have 2 minor complaints: 1. it is possible to strand units on islands and never get back. this is especially frustrating when it is a giant and i have to disband it. 2. specific issue, but could you please remove special characters from the titles of in app purchases? otherwise, my phone bill (at&t) declines the payment to buy a tribe. this affects elyrion, yadakk and maybe ai-mo.
serperius z : polytopia is a brilliant game, it has such a unique playing experience once you get the hang of it, and every game is different, the soundtrack is quirky, the art style is individual, and i cannot name an equal to this perfect pull out of your pocket bus journey game.
john lee panim : i like thi sgame i wish to upgrade the multiplayer in lan wifi and hotspot.. to play with my friends in offline game...
grant finaldi-schmidt : my favorite mobile game by far. it's a fully fleshed out strategy game on the phone! i love the simplistic graphics, the easy as hell controls and the addictive and fun gameplay. i highly doubt you'll have a bad time with this game.
artourious : this game is fantastic! i got a bunch of my friends to start playing and they added multiplayer which is fantastic!!! i've really only had one bad experience which was i switched from apple to samsung and lost all my purchases but other than that the game is great and i recommend it!
cameron gilliland : best rts i've played so far on mobile. if there was just more content to upgrade through, and the ability to set up bigger maps, and more opponents i'm sure i would of been droned in for hours playing. hope to see more content in the future towards civilization development! so far 5 out of 5!!!
adam gillespie : amazing game and is definitely worth a try for everyone. one of my favourites. except that because there are no ads, you've decided to put paywalls in place which is extremely frustrating. i'd much rather sit through some ads and get the full game experience (i don't even mean unlocking all tribes for free just online multiplayer) than either pay for basic features or be blocked from them because my parents won't allow me to spend money on this. i'd like atleast 2 more free unlockable tribes
j baker : great game, reminds me age of civilizations, but cartoon feel. ai is too easy for single player, so select crazy for a challenge. online play is weak sadly, i hope they fix this feature. has potential to be better than it is now.
pham ngoc ang khoa : i think this game should has a new feature like when you earn enough points then you can achieve another tribes or pay for it.
trevor hansen : great game with great replay value for free. pass and play with friends option is nice until you unlock multiplayer. playing with strangers, some more map control parameters, another couple tech branches, and a few more tribes would be all i would want from this already deep game.
khimera dabs : i like it but could use somethings extra to spice it up. i would love to see a mode that expands on more after defeating all the other tribes. i would love to still be expanding after the tribes are defeated. or a survival mode where there's limited resources and you must learn things in order to continue your tribes survival. please expand upon it more because this game is already good and i feel like it can be better. -1 star becuz i thought you can actually play against other people online.
lm sb : very good game with wonderful graphics and good sounds. easy to play and very fun ! no ads and can be played without paying. however it could be interesting to have a "package" for the tribes instead of buying them one by one.
random youtube browser jpeg : this game is very simple, but hard to master. anyone can pick this up and enjoy it, and if you want a good and long challenge, you can try to do a full on everyone-is-here round, that can last for a loooooong time. i can safely recommend this to everyone, and besides, it's offline so you can play this everywhere and everytime.
kevin : the games great, but the multiplayer mode is very limited. the game hasn't got matchmaking but instead requires users to add friends in order to player pvp. and overall once you've beaten the different tribes it's a bit repetitive as well. different modes or even a story mode would have been enticing
maaike vermeer : the part you get for free is fun, strategic and relaxing. you don't technically need the part you can purchase, but it's a pretty large part of the content and it's also a bit expensive in my opinion. overall i'd say the game is good!
a. te au : there should be a way to change things like map size, difficulty, turn count, etc. and also an option to play an endless game. although i think you shouldn't be put on the leaderboard for endless games though.
adam wong : this game is good and very fun to play with, but there's some problems like the multiplayer. when i try to play with other players it says you have to wait for the player to select a tribe, i waited about 30 minutes and still the player has not responded so i try a different lobby and the same thing and maybe try to make the multiplayer free as it would be easier to find more players rather than just 1-3 players.
testepoi : love the game only 1 think i dont like, most of the tribes are locked behind microtransactions, like i get it you need to make money especially since there are no ads, but i think people would prefer to have ads when you open the game or when you start a game than having to pay for tribes, the only tribes that should be locked behind money are the special ones, thx :)
eduardo torres : best game in store. it's just perfect. similar to civilization but fast paced it doesn't have many of the tiring mechanics that make other games boring after a while. it just has such a vhill vibe about it. units, civilizations, technologies, and everything is perfectly balanced. i have bought all of the civs it has and i have no regrets.
sak _ : fun for some time buying favourite tribes and playing but after sometime feels like playing on a loop...needs more of strategy to make it more interesting, example - can choose where to build a city on a map, option to see the silhouette of capitals of enemy nations in a game, option to turn all the tribes to fight only you and no internal conflict among them, etc.
francis redublado : this is one of the best strategy games i have ever played. the gameplay is solid. i especially liked developing the tribes. while only four tribes are free, the random world generation keeps the game fresh. my only nitpick is that the alliance system is a bit underdeveloped, but that doesn't hurt the game too much.
diego pinzon : overly simplified version of civilization. great overall but multiplayer has serious problems and it's very frustrating to play with friends. we're stuck waiting for each other's turn to finish. too many bugs. please help.
lawrence langdale : used to really like this game, but the last major update took years and barely added anything. the ui has started to fail me too; i have to click multiple times on most actions while playing the game, which is unbearably frustrating. very disappointed in the developers, uninstalling for now
capellix : after buying a bunch of tribes (vengir is my favourite) and getting familiar with the game, i can say for certain this is a wonderful turn based strategy game. i would like to see diplomacy added and maybe a mode with less than 256 tiles but with all the tribes possible this review was written with over a week of solid playtime and no multiplayer experience
v b : great game. downgraded from 5 stars as it no longer works after system update on samsung galaxy s20 on 1/11/22. used to play this everyday
ight : honestly one of the best free strategy games out there at first the game might seem a little complicated and boring at first but i promise you if you give it time and learn new stuff like how to grow and enhance your grand army and conquer all ops inng tribes out there is honestly the most fun you will ever experience... the ai is complicated and smart enough to be a worthy challenge but i wish there were more online modes were you can match up with other people, would be way more competive...
timothy maddux : fantastic! no real adds, you can play computers or other people on your phone while offline, and you can play opponents elsewhere online with a very worthwhile purchase! frankly, it's the best war game i've ever played, which it owes to it's variety of different units and civilization capabilities.
garnet fox05 : i have an ability idea: its called revolt (or something else) but what this does it has a chance to kick an enemy out of your town or metropolis and then places a shield down on it and it gives a boost of 2 shield for people in a 3 tile radius(another one is intimidation: when you enter an enemy town it gives you it automatically and spawns a warrior next to it). ps make these only a 10/100 chance (or 5 for intimidation) thx!
quantum_thought : this game is great! it has a beautiful strategy and fun mix. something i wish this game had is a map builder mode to create your own maps using the diffirent kinds of mountains, grass, forest, etc. wich would expand the games audience from strategists to creative individuals.
isaac valencia : really good game overall and gives civilization revolution a run for its money. i understand paying for other tribes so that you make money and are able to develop the app more. the only thing i think holding this game back is multiplayer servers, being able to join random games and meet new people. something i hope gets added in the future, i know it would be a huge hit on the game.
ethan sweetman : it is a great game, very fun with friends as well. but a more diverse strategies are needed, while still keeping its simplicity (i understand that can be difficult). other than that, this is one of the best free-to-play no doubt.(i'll try support development if it is to come)
mrragecage : very fun game! once i got the hang of the controls and basic knowledge of the game with a few wins under my belt, i decided to test my luck against some online opponents. oh no! you have to make a purchase in the app to play online?? i don't mind microtransactions, but don't lock content behind a paywall. uninstalled.
jeffrey lund : polytopia is a great little 4x civ-like game with a fun and light atmosphere. unlike most 4x games though, it isn't terribly deep and suffers from a bit on the replayability once you've got a few games under your belt. that said, you should definitely check this out, and watch for any updates from an excellent developer.
ilvs music : sick game! but, there is a glitch now with the explorer. as soon as you dig the treasure and the explorer takes place to search several tiles, he disappears immediately without searching a single tile or on his first city he discovers, he dissapears as well! could you fix it? thank you for your time!
sebbefalt : think age of empires ii but faster and simpler (there is depth though). true multiplayer (not just vs friends) is coming too. no pay to win, no ads, the in-app purchases equate to a total of 17$ (unlockable new playable tribes, most cost 1$/each). no "wait 2 hours to build" nonsense either, you download the game and have single player unlocked and 3-4 free tribes to choose from. unlock 1 tribe to unlock multiplayer. wishes to developers: new tribes and larger maps and ability to make maps.
mel the ninja : this is one of those great games that i always come back to. ive been a fan of this game since around launch. i wish i could restore my purchases, but they were made on iphone, and on a different phone on play store but through a different account. im still glad to show my support and purchase again! i love what you guys do.
john smith : the only mobile game i constantly come back to besides civ. if you can convince a friend to buy a tribe the multiplayer is significantly more fun than the ai (which sucks on anything but hard+ and cheats with higher star production above normal) but because you have to pay to do it it's hard to convince people to drop money on dlc for mobile. i'd love if i could do multiplayer with someone who hasn't purchased a tribe because it would be easier to sell the game to friends.
wolfgang stucker : this is an incredible game, very minimalistic but quite challenging. nothing is too loaded or over complicated, and everything can be memorized with a couple rounds. the four free tribes are great and the other paid ones are also quite nice. 5/5 10/10 100%
matt masterson : this is one of my favorite games, no matter the platform. love how this is free with the option play as different tribes for only a minor charge. i've purchased almost every tribe and really enjoy the uniqueness of each one. thanks for making a wonderful game! feels like civilization but cleaner and with fewer complications
ruby anne millanes : it's good i think that strategy of course is best tactic. what if you made a multiplayer version of this game. first of all, i know there's mutliplayer on the game polytopia, but what if it was just online? i mean of course you have a leaderboard showing other people playing the game, but what if you made a online game. where it's a friendly game with your friends and maybe some bots, or some real people. if there's a question about if your the same "class" or faction as the other, change colors
lydia : love it! i play it regularly. my husband is a beta tester so only annoying thing is we can't play each other when he has the latest update. so i'm patiently waiting for the next update so we can do multiplayer. (this is the only game i play as i usually don't like any games. it's really not my thing) we started playing it on our honeymoon and have continued to do so for four years . it's competitive, strategic and addictive. there has been arguments. highly recommend this game. we love it.
ivan dzepina : the game is exceptional. great graphics, highly addictive, but offers too little in the free version. i would suggest a weekly free tribe or a similar option to lure players into trying and buying tribes. also, achievements and new buildings are highly recommended.
doug ivey : what a great little game! it's set up so it's easy to play, easy to learn, and easy to get good at and develop strategies based on your clan. controls are simple. simple ui. short learning curve. each clan has a distinct "flavor". some matches can take over an hour of straight playing to finish. lots of options in the talent tree. makes for various game playing styles. updated rating to 4/5. it's well worth 5 stars, but i wish some clans were unlockable via accomplishments. only option is paying
leo sobko : this game is my favorite mobile game however you need to add more characters and why are you advertising this diplomacy stuff if it's only on beta??!?!?!?!? makes no sense, i only play this game when you add new things like cymanti, otherwise it just gets too repetitive and boring, please add beta in the app itself or anything like that please . you need to desperately update the game.
idk a name or something : i love this game because, despite being simplistic, it's very fun. i once used the 'pass and play' mode at my friend's birthday party with everyone there and it was great. all the paid tribes are worth what they cost, however i would like a way to unlock them.
zikiyz : i don't really have any other thing to say except it's amazing, perfect, and awesome.... but if i had to complain or suggest something, i really wanna have an animal unit in the game like maybe dragons or bears or maybe even flying units like hot air balloons i know it wouldn't be in the theme but i must admit it's fun and i also like the multiplayer as i desimate my little brother into the ground.. i also want a map that has like high mountains.
ethannder yakabuski : a quick tap based immersive sid-meiers civilization-esque experience on mobile. 10/10 would download, and would buy expanded content. game gets even better when you purchase additional tribes, and figure out how to play against the highest level opponents. intelligent cpu opponents provide rewarding and challenging experience.
big brain supreme : phenomenal, engaging, and forever fun. midjiwan, my only request is that on modes such as domination, could you program the bots to choose super unit over parks (when making cities level 5, 6, etc.) to make the game more challenging? i ask this as parks provide no advantage whatsoever in domination, and fighting a barrage of giants seems like a fun challenge
tobin h : i've played this game for years. i've even bought all of the tribes! i probably play this game at least once every day and somehow it just doesn't get old. it's the perfect depth - it keeps me entertained and challenged but i can pick it up for five minutes whenever i want and make real progress. this game is perfection. get it, give these guys some money.
grazo : the game is great, it really is! this is quite the dumb idea but i would like to see events that players can do so that they can buy some sort of asthetics for their technology or the players fight together to defeat a really tough enemy
daniel stepanov : i had a blast with thus game but would like to see more content added (more intricate and cool tech trees and also when you have battles against other people (either on one device or) on online multiplayer, that you have customizable banners and maybe more customization for your tribe (different helmets for war units, patterns on differnt buildings, etc.) i think it would every player's own triben unique. i will be really grateful for you to read and consider my feedback (thanks) overall,
penguine pete 50 : i love this game. but i think a co-op game mode will be great and trading resources for land and troops would be a cool update aswell. but i think a great update could be when your civilisation reaches a very large size then a city could become independent and rebellious. all troops trained there will be i its army and it will be the same tribe and you would have to recapture the city to tame the rebels. they could turn against the capital if they are underprotected, or isolated from the rest
jack parsons : amazing game! i have about 10 multilayer games going on at once lately, really enjoying it. i wish i could watch replays of my games with the fog removed, so i could see what my opponents were doing the whole time. it would also be cool to be able to play 2v2 matches.
johan sterner : best strategy game on the store. hands down. a very satisfying gameplay loop, easy to get into, but with depth that'll keep you interested. the music is also amazing, and i use one of the songs as my ringtone.
john ex : excellent game! although i havent played it too much i had a blast and wanted to push this game for more people to experience. i just finished a 5 hour round (on hard difficulty) and the long hard journey ended in a victory when i was down to literly 1 troop at one point in the middle of the game, and it left me with intense satisfaction. a feeling i havent felt in a very long time which is suprising cuz i play alot of video games. its simple and amazing but i wish i could get free characters :/
wow weee : okay the game is very nice but it would be nice if you could make multiplayer for free and instead of having to buy a tribe you can add ad sponsorship instead ,watching a few ads would be better than having to pay real money just to play with a bunch of friends
rob o'connor : possibly the best mobile game i've ever played, however when i wanted to buy more tribes i encountered an error. i would click on the tribe i wished to purchase and where the option to purchase would normally be there was an error message, ## go online to make purchases ## and i couldn't solve it. not even reddit had my answer. so i have to give it a less than perfect review due to their refusal to just take my money.
arcturus bound : multiplayer breaking. several turns into new multiplayer games, each player is stuck with the message that the game is waiting for the other to finish their turn. game becomes unplayable and eventually times out due to inability to move to next turn. frustrating beyond description. also... why is this game still "in beta?"
hallie : i've had this game for years and you can always tell when there's an update. sometimes the changes are alright but this last one either has some sort of bug or other issue where the custom map isn't actually custom. it just does what it wants and the difficulties must have changed significantly as well. please fix for the 5 star review.
zachary zeus : best game i've ever played on android by far. smooth gameplay, quick turns, very easy to learn, doesn't force you to pay (but instead you actually want to buy additional (but not required) units) and so much fun!! definitely get this and try it out, seriously
dodgy : i love this game, but i bought a bunch of tribes over a year ago and suddenly lost access to all of them. the strange thing is it shows previous high scores with a particular tribe in the tribe select menu, meaning i am signed into the correct account and the game recognises that i have played with these tribes before. i can't use them now because they display as locked and the restore purchases button does nothing. edit: 5 stars now just because of fantastic customer service.
luke : pretty good game too play with friends! but gets a bit repetitive. game styles are not unique what i mean is at the beginning of the game you have a play style that doesn't change there's 2 play styles really.. a ocean environment and a land environment, but other than it being a bit repetative its great the're are even hidden easter eggs! gl finding them.
easton cowan : fantastic game. very engaging and fun to play with friends. one downside is that it can take up a lot of your battery pretty quickly. other than that, it's a fun game to play, and rarely gets old. i have a few of suggestions for future updates. the first is that i think it would be cool to have an even bigger map size. the next is that there should be a more where you can just play by yourself without bots and see how big you can build your empire. and maybe some more special tribes?
david mccann : fantastic civ-esque game, a hell of a lot of fun. held back from 5 stars by too few f2p races and more importantly lack of progression/upgrades in the late game. both of these mean you see everything this game has to offer and can master it quickly. multiplayer is good fun though.
l. s. : very nice game with great graphics and gameplay. however, it gets a bit monotonous after a few won games. a bit more variety would be great. not sure how that could be accomplished tho. i also love the fact that it is ad free, which sadly has become a rare occurrence.
ranjan das : totally unbalanced the most unbalanced game ever . you'll hit enemy they will get damage but enemy hits you , you die . enemy moves covering more ground, but your moves restricted . riots kill your troops but you can kill only 1 riot troop and is out of move . i request all , please please please do not bother to pay , just play casually and the moment you feel you're being cheated by game bot delete , find a better turn based game . and in their discord channel mostly paid promoters post .
belbin : good good good game. i really like the graphics and music in this one. there is so many races every one of the has special abilities. this game is always fun. you can play however you want any strategy any race avaliable your evolution tree. everything depends on you. i realllllly like this game. spend at least 3 hours playing this i think.
andrew allen : i can't give anything but praise for this game. my favorite pc game is age of empires 2, and this game is very similar in strategy and gameplay, other than the fact that poly is turn-based and aoe2 is rts. anyway, the only thing i'm missing in this game is random online opponents - currently the game only allows online playing against friends on google play. i know it would require an increase in servers but i can't imagine i'm the only one wishing for this. i'll still rate 5 stars though.
bromosome : fun game, gets boring after a while since the strategy is just to rush one unit and spam it as much as possible. maybe adding counters to different unit types would be cool, or letting you make bigger maps with the same amount of ai to give a longer build up period, but still a very fun game.
inooby333 : wonderful game. no ads and able to play offline. i don't mind that a lot of characters are locked since that is a price to pay for no ads. would be better if there was online multiplayer and 2 more characters to make it more fun.
sam reece : easily one of the best turn based strategy games out there, and one of the best mobile games available. all while free too. brilliantly simple to pick up but hard to master, with clearly a very caring developer team. to the guy that's whining about polaris being op, it's literally just a matter of you being bad. look at any competitive game and find me where polaris wins. game is pretty well balanced, with some tribes outshining others, but after balance patch it definitely fixed bardur.
ayates : this game is amazing, i love the strategy that it takes, i love how each tribe has its own strengths and weaknesses and how picking a tribe for the start really varies how things can go later, truely and art piece for a strategy game (also i adore the art style of the game too) ( )
harsha malavalli : the game keeps crashing constantly and has become unplayable off late. the game itself is amazong but this issue makes it absolutely unplayable. will switch to five stars if this issie is fixed, as the game is good. however, this issue makes it unplayable.
marcus wright : the game balance is broken. ships have no counter. they can spawn trap your cities, and you will always lose. i cannot play this game until it is fixed. everything else is pretty solid.
m g : looks like a great game unfortunately several malware scanners flag it not as malware but as "potentially vulnerable to malware" there is a pretty long list of poor security practices that it gave me. i unfortunately was scared away by these vulnerabilities but i honestly think that they could be resolved in a future release. maybe if this kind of stuff gets fixed i'll try a shot at this game again
devil bowser253 : this is a great app even if you dont have the money to buy the extra tribes, i love this game because of the fact that it is so unique. the controls are easy to learn, the graphics look retro and you can play it with family a friends locally.
dup park : this is a really fun strategic game. it doesn't require too much thinking even though it's a strategic game. you play against a cpu, so it's like a multiplayer game except for the fact that you don't have to wait for the other player's turn to finish. i think this game is very creative, and one game lasts quite a while so it is a great time killer.
alpha omega prime : i am actually in love with the game since i have played it for long, but there is this problem i have been always bothered. everytime i install the game, it seems to be normal until, later on, a message will appear saying that it is just an outdated version and that it needs to be updated. please fix this error. i have been trying to what i can do to update the app.
krista elliott : a great game - simple to play but plenty of room for strategic mastery. would be even better if there was a "re-spawn" button under the options, so that if you get a not-so-great spawn, you don't have to go through the entire game load process again.
misnamed nomenclature : one of the best games on the app store... only thing i wish they changed was the ability to set your own settings for the games maybe a "1/2 dominate, 1/2 perfection mode" or integrate another style like "team capital capturing or something of the sort".
nahima alejandra martinez : it's a great game... i could see it become a board game or something that could make tournaments... one issue, the pay-to-play segment of the game, some of my friends can't play online with me, thus... it's frustrating, please change this. thank you!!!
garry piper : great game. love that it's not pay to win. however, i've now worked out a strategy that allows me to win every time. i would love there to be an update that allows newer tech or even collaborations with other tribes, maybe even trading resources. keep it up. i've paid for additional tribes, which i'd rather do than collect coins or gems or battle packs that some other games insist on.
andy strickland : decent game, would rate it higher but there's one feature i find absolutely annoying: after attacking without killing, you often have the option to move the piece (the game showing you spaces the troop can now go). i wish this option could be changed so the default was nothing.
alex : i think 5 stars is still underrating the game. speaking from a background of age of empires ii and civilization 4, this game fills my strategy cravings. the games are a reasonable length. it has enough complexity that i don't get bored, but it isn't overly complicated. it's a solid 10/10 for a mobile strategy game - highly recommend.
shane walsh : like age of empires? like civ? then look no further. this is a charming turn based strategy game which scratches that itch on mobile devices. very enjoyable, and when playing vs 3+ enemies, the games can go on a bit long (another plus).
sean hare : 2021-04-11 it's a fun game to play, but the producers have made it exceptionally difficult to unlock anything beyond basic functionality without paying. indeed, after several games, i've not managed to come within 2% of unlocking the next level on every one of the four basic tribes. update: i have at this point achieved 3 stars in both categories with all 4 tribes, and contrary to expectation, it has unlocked nothing. there's now no new goal to push toward, and i've stopped playing altogether.
egaleye902 : one of if not my favorite mobile game. this game is a really fun experience whether or not online of offline, this is because of the unique way it plays and how it serves as a very fun war simulation game. my only criticism is that even the hardest bot (crazy bot) doesn't prove much of a challenge after even a basic mastery of the game so a higher difficulty would be nice.
john behrens : fun game with controls that are fairly easy to learn. love the art style and how it plays. i know they have to make money somehow but it is really awful that online multiplayer is locked. otherwise amazing.
ishant yadav : now this is what i need as a good game. simple good graphics, minimal controls, high strategy and out of box concept. much better than those clan games. haven't played multiplayer mode. please make it free. played for 8 hours the day i uploaded it !!!! great effort guys.
al paringit : bling bling bling! can you make like 5 ads equals to random one tribe?. and five star! cause the game is awesome i cannot believe myself either that it becomes easier, in the night i first played in normal mode it was awfully hard but i go to easy to improve my strategy skills. great game so much and really need to use your high tatics, i was bored on both dominations wew cause it was easy >.>. great developing keep it up.
dark knight : this game has good graphics and cool towers that you could attack, and there are lots of tribes inluded in-game for good experience. there may be some issues but thats fine because every game has at least one issue that makes it bad. it could be good if you added other big troops other than giants like huge animals and knights.
sebastian stevens : great. i love the turn based gameplay and how you use stars to research and spawn units/buildings. i got pretty much addicted to this game for about a month because of how much fun it is. there should be matchmaking rather than having to go to the discord server, would make online alot easier. if this is added i'll change my review to five stars.
mang chang : pretty awesome game! could you guys add a way for us to make an alliance with the other civilizations. this way we could trade with them, joint armies attacks, or betray one another. also maybe add more special units for each civilization so each has more diversity than what they already have and a huge map for longer play time. thank you guys!!
g. mete erturk : a game with great potential. but 1) if my ex gf was a game and my wallet was a battery, even she wouldn't be able to drain it this fast. 2) matchmaking should be based on a score system. i loved the game, but i'll delete it because i find multiplayer mode unplayable with too powerful opponents. most players have like 2 archers and several riders only 2 rounds into the game. they are either too talented and know things we normal players don't, or are cheaters.
trager kviten : if you have the sailing and navigation tech you should have the option to upgrade a small boat straight to battleship. additionally i think it would be nice to have archers upgrade to longbowmen to give them extra range which would make them a better late game unit.
dat zun : the game is great in many ways, i just hope the developers will add more ways to cross places such as bridges or something. i hope that the developers will also add some sort of digging where in the can creat water ways. i know this will be a game changer but i do want to see complexity in this game.
movie watcher : seems strategic.....but it's just a race to towho has the most boats soonest. interesting concept, but no real difference in races, and not rewarded for building stuff. spend any time building, and you will be bombarded by races that didnt invest in technology.
alwyn carvalho : overall the game is fantastic, though i should add that for the aquarion tribe the most powerful unit, tridention doesn't really do well in close combat and doesn't really do well as a ranged unit, as opposed to say a catapult. secondly, even though aquatic species, they are fishing and whaling instead of turning them into allies for warfare like the elyrion do with animals and whales. would be great to see a fish helping the aquarion type warfare, something like the atlanteans of dc comics.
mike domenici : i love the game. there s a few suggestions though. the map needs yo be bigger so that when there a 7-8 tribes in the game. otherwise you start out the game surronded and you don' t have time to do anything but defend. please, please, please give us back a way to destroy forests to create fields. went to play today and that ability is gone!
lou : i don't make purchases in mobile games often, but every purchase i've made in polytopia has been well worth it. this is a gorgeous game that has fantastic diversity, especially for a mobile game. this may be the most balanced game i've come across on play store, and i never truly get tired of it. kudos to midgiwan, you've created an absolutley fanominal game, and i hope to see more updates in the future :)
jazzy b : love this game and can spend hours playing it but its really broken at the moment which is such a shame :( so the last time i checked the textboxes can overlap or the same text appears on what is supposed to be a different textbox and sometime the screen can go black out and i would have to restart the game again
john lydel cesar : this game is good......but way too many bugs in game. its so annoying.... i dont know if other players have this same bug but i hate it. other than that gameplay is good. one thing though, i cant access multiplayer if i dont purchase it threw me off a bit cuz im poor. 2 stars only.
finn 618 : i absolutely love this game it's addictive, the turn based combat is class and the art style is cute cartoony and it all reminds me of a game you would play on the nintendo ds. but i think more game modes would be cool. so definitely download this it's a great game and i wish there were more games on the paystore like this one.
austin tichy : i love polytopia so much, i've been playing for 2 years now with my friends and we have enjoyed every moment of it. i just wish each tribe had their own super unit that they could use, they could choose the super unit or a giant. that's the only thing i have to say, otherwise the game is practically perfect!
nathanael wilcox : hands down the best strategy game on play store. ive tried many other strategy games and nothing compares. the tribes are equal, even the free ones(this is not a pay to win) but highly recommend to buy a couple as they are really fun and you can play multiplayer as well. would love to have bigger maps and diplomacy added.
james -_- : ok, so while most of the tribes are like 79p or something, the first four you get for free are still pretty good. the idea is brilliant and i absolutely love this game. also, the best bit has got to be the music. i mean, theres like 20-30 individual tribes and they all have their unique music. good work there. love this game. 5 stars all the way
isaac faber : a simple, streamlined take on 4x games. limited replayability but i had a bunch of fun for the time i did play it. has its own twist on playing 'tall' vs 'wide' that might have been the best feature, since it changes up gameplay so much.
trenton murray : never have i played a mobile game as much as i have played polytopia. it's a simple game that can require lots of in depth thought. one thing that polytopia lacks is online matchmaking (out now), but with one of the best communities, i can't stop coming back!
sean hawkey : the game is oddly addicting. if you have the game pass the extra tribes are free. its so simple and fun. but i definitely agree with one of the other comments, next update should make an option to have a bigger map to express and conquer. but i love it
joshunyek : great game, but it drains a lot of battery, would like to see more optimization, and i would also like to see harder difficulties. only reason why its 3 stars is because of all the tribes you have to pay for, wish there was more free ones. keep up the good work, would like to see more updates soon!
marule master : one of the best mobile games i've ever played. the only thing that could make it better is to add more techs, like maybe cannons or early age guns, because sometimes the tech tree is too short in some games, especially longer ones.
erin norton : excellent civ-like game. it's not a game to spend 5 minutes on- more like half an hour decimating your opponents. only one resource to about is an interesting challenge, but a unique unit for each tribe would be a great addition, as only mounts change currently. only real qualm is being penalised on % if the computer kos one of the other tribes before you can (and the cost of that one tribe...) i've purchased 3 of the tribes, it really is worth it!
brayden kinsey : a great turn based strategy game. only problem is that new content isn't being added that frequently. most of the content is the paid for new types of civilizations. maybe do holiday themes or some sort of "free" update.
uscf22 : great game. has awesome potential to go far. i'd like to see a map size option separated from the opponents option in the future along with maps ranging from tiny to massive, maybe a map size close to 900-1000 for higher end devices? very addicting.
lauchlan callaghan : it's an awesome game, and a great time killer. however the payed classes don't really make much sense, they give you a new setting and a new start ability but if i wanted that i could easily get it myself. but overall it's a great game.
a google user : this became so bad the only way that this game gets "hard" is by playing dirty but not smart. this is not fun. just annoying. this game is basically all luck and no skill. when you play against more than 1 opponent, they both target you. this is such a stupid idea. this game is completely repetitive. i don't understand why would anyone want to buy additional content since they do not differ from "free" classes apart from different character skins. this game requires so skill. you can literally get the shield guy and wipe out 5 units. this is basically equivalent of spamming same thing over and over again. the user interface is so lazy. why can't you have have a back button before selecting next turn. because of this game's poor design it's so easy to misclick everything. this is just stupid. i wish i could say this was a bug. however, it is just a bad design choice.
bradley winter : great game! i've never really played turn based strategy games before but love this one. not hard to learn but very rewarding. i really like how the strategy is greatly influenced by the map you are playing... so each game is different!
a google user : great game. reminded me of civ5. however because there are so few available civs for free one ends up going through the game very quickly and moving on to the next thing. it's very expensive to unlock multiple civs as each costs 1$ at least. great game and great mechanics otherwise
tristan gillis : vas vadum nailed it in the first review. it's a nice enough game, but wears out its welcome very quickly. additional tribes add very little to the game, and play virtually identical despite the rather sizeable expense to get them all. game has great potential, but it isn't there yet, and the paid content isn't even close to worth the cost.
tyler york : if risk and settlers of catan had a baby, took away the dice, and morphed into a phone game, this is what it would look like. it's surprisingly fun. replayability could use some work. i started having more fun after buying the novelty units which i think actually add more dimension to the game. don't expand game by making units look different. expand by making them function different like the rainbow faction. i'm interested in seeing how this game develops
zunk : great game, truly. i take off a star because there's a glaring problem - multiplayer is severely limited in gamemodes. i'd like to play longer and with more bots and people but the glory gamemode can't be more than 10k points. i feel like it would really benefit by going up to 20 or 30k if we choose so.
giannis grigoriadis : wow. just wow. if you re looking for a game that you can play both casually and intensely, look no further. polytopia has it all: strategy, action, excitement, sense of progression, sense of discovery. and i haven't even touched the multiplayer yet. went straight to my top android games of all time. 5 stars without question!
m&m mars : i like the idea of this game but unless you want to pay you cant really do much (i understand its only $.99) but you have to pay that for one type of army and to play multiplayer. update:according to the dev since they are a small indie studio they need to have the microtransactions instead of an umbundance of ads so i apreaciate this decision.
stephen harrison : easily one of my favorite games on android. i can barely win on medium difficulty though. it would be cool if they had bigger maps. i think a total war version of this would be a dream. love the game!
fletch betch : great game plain and simple, unlike the usual app store trash it doesnt shove ads in your face every 5 seconds. no pay 2 win elements either, some factions are locked behind a 99 cent paywall but its a good game so i didnt mind spending some money. an online multiplayer would be cool, hopefully they make a second game.
ben grose : an amazing all round game that surpassed all expectations. would recommend this game for everybody. i also like the affordable pricing of the unique characters. just one thing, i would like to sugest 2v2 or 3v3 modes in the future versions of the game. thanks!
slavacado : everything about this game is great. i love the graphics, the gameplay, all the different tribes, and having fun while playing with friends. the only reason i am giving it a 3 star rating is because i downloaded this game on my new phone and for some reason when i try to buy a tribe it tells me my billing was "unsuccessful". this has never happened before and it doesn't make sense because every other game accepts my purchases. this means that i can't play multiplayer or unlock any more tribes.
jason weiss : i've been enjoying this game for years, but the latest update made it hard to play on a tablet. the game map, the tech tree and the ui are too large. although it is possible to zoom out on the map, the scale gets reset to the default level all the time. please fix the scaling issues, or maybe add a scale control in the settings.
andresen hill : a great time killer and very fun to play. this game should be 5 dollars but it's free. if you want a fun mini version of civilization them try this out. the only critique i would add is that there is a few balancing issues but those can fixed over time.
matthew newman : awesome game...have been playing it for years.... the latest update seems to have dumbed down the ai though..... even on the hardest difficulty the computer leaves towns unguarded....and doesn't make great decisions....not sure what changed....hope they fix it.
john sommers : very fun game. it's a great game of quick-ish strategy (think risk, but with more complexity). the world generator continues to put a new spin on the games. no ads, but have bought a few of the different civilizations in order to support the creators! my favorite mobile game.
muhammad fazlaidha : suddenly the game does not load as it was before. while my friend can still play it, mine cannot. my android version is more than him. and i dont thing he update any. mine is the latest. i even uninstall and install, still not working. sypmtom:- 1- cannot load the game. on the selection of tribe,once i pick the tribe, it remain freeze. just the sound played. 2- whenever i click say resume multiplayer game, the popup option just showed in blink of the eyes. then it goes missing.
zack lamers : fun and addictive game, and i highly recommend to everyone. it can be challenging at times too which is a nice change because most mobile games are either not hard or impossible, this id a nuce in between. (although i havent attempted a round on crazy difficulty yet.)
gertrude trudy : polytopia is a simple but entertaining game. once i start a round, i get into the zone! overall it's a good game. i would like there to be more free tribes to play as, but aside from that it's cool. i haven't come across any bugs so far, and there aren't ads in the way. i love this game!
villy villager : i have played this game for around 3 years now and it is always cool when a new update comes out, whether its balances to make tribes more equal or tech alterations. the game may seem very frustrating and completely unfair if your new to playing it vs bots or other players. just branch out and try watching gullyy or some of the other polytopia chads videos or explore your tech tree in the different troops more.
andrew roberts : so now that i have bought a few players found quite a big flaw in the ai and it makes the game frustrating to even play. the ai on the hardest difficulty, their only goal is to fight you and only you. i have encountered a game where there was over 20 enemy units on screen and for 12 turns would only attack me and me alone. that is not hard that is just plain unfair. it's almost impossible to enjoy the game when you can't do anything in a full game.
onkuhh : played this a while back, and actually considering downloading it again after the millionth time. for a "small indie studio" you guys really know how to make a good game :] . very simple turn based game with different ways of approaching victory. each faction has different professions to start you off and has unique design/architecture. i can't gush any more , download the frickin game you fools
jon lehrfeld : i love this game. one of the few really good gameplay experiences imo. the only thing is that lately the game will become unresponsive during my turn a few times per game, requiring me to quit and restart.
scapji : i've been on that game for more than 2 years, this is how much i love it. we usually say mobile games are cr*p, which is true with only one exception, this game. i've spent more time on polytopia than on any other mobile games combined. i wanna say thank you midjiwan for that game which will revigorate the image of the mobile game industry. this one should win an award ! ps: vengirs are overpowered (made 100% domination with them).
marcelo cruz : i don't know if you fixed the ai, but it seems different now. enemies no longer starts teaming, at least i'm not seeing it anymore. i play it on hard and the enemies seems more reasonable. looking forward to pc version.
alastair knight : really well thought out game. still could develop it slightly (as in more techs and units) but it's great as it is. a bit disappointed most of the tribes are locked behind a pay wall but i can still play for a while before i grow bored.
minectz : one of the best strategy games i have ever played, it is like clash of clans but slightly more tactical. the graphics are visually appealing, it's kid friendly, tactical and educational. if you like strategy games you should definitely try this out (note: it costs about a dollar to play online).
spaghettispacecat : it's an overall great tile empire game, and is extremely fun to play. the only downside i could provide is how fast i got board of the game, and how repetitive the gameplay becomes after having the game for an extended period of time.
alpha naville : unexpectedly insanely amazing game. i even have to uninstall this not because it's not good but quite the opposite: it's so good i can spend few hours without even noticing the time. my only request is for the developers to please make the multiplayer game open for all, not requiring a code, with shorter time limit.
josh cole : excellent game that screams quality! everything from the gameplay elements to the visuals are well thought out and well made. you are not forced to buy anything and can experience the full game without doing this. but i would ask that you please purchase a tribe to support the devs. plus you get online play off of it, so it's a win-win.
daniel s : very good game. love the overall structure. if i had to critique one thing though, i wish there was a trial feature or a demo for each tribe so you know what you're getting before you buy it. that's the lone complaint i have with this game, but it's not even truly a complaint. awesome job :d
frog lv. 20 : amazing game. i really like the graphics, the gameplay is perfect, but i hate that most of the tribes cost money. currently, the all the tribes combined are $14. i could see the special tribes costing money, but the rest keep the game from 5 stars. i get the devs have to make money, but honestly i'd rather have ads.
hmm mm : hell of a lot fun, the music is fantastic! there are some tiny bugs to fix but other than that, a pretty amazing game! i do want a team option though but that's about it, higly recommend to play this game!
waylor 99 : good time killer. this game must have a "strategy" game mode that might include non-exponential progression, turning points, events, a bunch of win goals, not only eliminate all your enemies. as relations were added, this addition will be awesome for polytopia.
tyger burch : great little game. my daughter and i both enjoy playing. only real downside is that we can't use the family library to share the unlocks. i only realized after investing in a few we both wanted to try only to find out she can't use them. if that worked it would be a 5 star easily!
zel pheon : it's a exceptionally great mobile rts game its turn based style makes it so rts is seamlessly amazing with the struggle of fast movement in rts this game gives a chance for players to move armies of units and fight strategical battles that have technology , power , and money factors in play which gives players more advantages and disadvantages to check along with the unique races that gives bonus specific to their race all in all you should try this game
finn darby : this game is one of my favorite games to play for countless reasons. i love the cute art style, the simplicity of its gameplay, and especially the combat. i'm not a huge combat game fan finding myself playing games more like sprout or minecraft, but i see this game as a happy in between of creativity and adventure, and strategy and combat. a well deserved 5 star game.
robin h : it is a pretty good strategy game, doesn't have a lot (none that i have encountered) of bugs. i did have some trouble with multiplayer , and hope instead of using discord or facebook to find players to battle, it could pair random players up, or even have leagues and stuff like that.
raikzel bondesto : great game, looks simple but a complex strategy game at its core. just a few recommendations i would love to see. a world maker where we can make our own map. an alliance system where you can ally with an ai or another human. overall one of the best strategy games out there!
ryan : gameplay is great. problem is every class is pay to play. so if you want more options or better classes to start as it costs real money. biggest complaint is the lack of fairness in multiplayer, played roughly 6 matches online, 4 of my opponents have been blatant hackers. seems to be zero security.
andrew leane : this is the game you're looking for. like playing a boardgame on your phone. to enable multiplayer you need to purchas an addon civilization - but they are cheap! $1.50 totally worth it. i give huge credit to the makers, sort of thing im happy to pay for as its really great to play with friends.
mugsy kudzu : i've had this for years and probably have logged more hours on it than all other games combined. and it works with no network, and that means i can play on the plane!! one minor bug with the new polaris, if i use a mind bender on a frozen boat, it stays a boat forever, but it can move on land. i love this game!!
darksouldust808 : an amazing turn based strategy game that is very easy to get into, it's very fun and addicting. they released a huge update with plenty of new features and you can play pvp online now. polytopia is one of those games that has extremely high potential but seem to be hindered by the budget of midjiwan. i love this game, and ive been playing for over 3 years now but if i had to complain it would be about balancing. please nerf polaris freeze archers, they shouldnt be allowed to 1v1 a giant.
landon bigelow : this game is adorable. it is the best turn based strategy games app. and ultimately is a dumbed down version of civilization. if i would fix one area, it would be the add on price structure: i'd make as follows... $.99 for extra basic civ. ea. +4 m.p.(max players), or 3/$2.49 +6 m.p. or unlock all basic for $4.99 +9 m.p. $1.99 for extra advanced civ +5 m.p, or $4.99 to unlock all adv. civ. +9 m.p, and lastly, $8.99 to just unlock everything. much more attractive business plan.
joshua johns : learning curve takes a second, trial and error style. 2 things needed: multi-player chat, random matching with other players (like words with friends). otherwise really enjoy this. the achievement system doesn't register correctly.
shahm jaffer : had this game basically since it came out, went through multiple phones and it's always been one of the first apps i install. just switched to a 18:9 phone and polytopia isn't scaled for this ratio yet?? i can't play with a huge black bar on the bottom.
aquaticidealist : simplified civilization. great aesthetics for each tribe. while late game tribes can seem almost identical unless they're the special dlc ones (on pc version), the starting tech can make a crucial difference. looks simple but as a 4x game the strategy can get quite entertaining and thoughtful
mateo de jesus : an absolutely wonderful game. the tribes that are available for free are in no means underpowered, one of them being the best in the game. by spending less than a dollar you can get another tribe of your choice and play online - a cheap purchase that is more than worth it. it's not a pay to win game in any way and all the money you may spend on it is well deserved. would give it 6 stars if i could.
miguel ochoa : this game is awesome, and free from ads. the paid version is totally worth it, and let's you play multiplayer with friends. my only gripe is that the game is not hard enough at the crazy levels. ai becomes too predictable. good game
aidan spens : overall i really love the game! it only has o e small issue when trying to play offline. it uses google play games to sync your tribe purchases. and rhe problem is that if i'm not connected to the internet and i'm not connected to google play games i can't use those tribes i have purchased. the weird thing is that it knows my scores and stars out of 3, but it always has a locked icon on it if i'm not connected.
derek case : really enjoy this game. i got 2 of the more unique civilizations and it's just a ton of fun to kill time with. it's not really pay to win but it does help freshen things up a bit after so many games. worth a look at least and so far i've not experienced a single ad.
kwan : a typical 4x strategy game that is very streamlined and straightforward but a too stripped down gameplay and mechanics removes all the complexity and depth that makes a good strategy game. after 2 playthroughs of both gamemodes, you have essentially seen all the game has to offer.
demetrio rebollo : it is a good game. i enjoy it. adopting playstyles for the different tribes is actually awesome. the only problem i have is the menu. my issue is in the way you select the tribe, the option to cancel or select are hidden under the layer of tribes. this occurs with all my in game selections. a minor qualm but it held it back from a 5.
rusty newton : often one of my friends will start a match on a small island which results in a huge disadvantage against other players. if you start on an island you have to build a port before you can leave it, meanwhile other players are taking many cities with riders. essentially the game doesn't calculate fair starting positions. single player is more fun, and i like the graphics, however i regret the purchase due to the unfairness of multiplayer.
koh e. james : you're gonna need to add some higher difficulty bots, its way to easy to beat crazy difficulty. this especially becomes a problem towards the later part of domination, you can easily wipe most of the bots cities off the map because they struggle with late game economy and military planning
pixel lover : i absolutely love this game. because of the truly free nature, i actually purchased all of the tribes! if you even remotely like this game, keep playing! the updates may be few and far between, but there is enough gameplay there to get you through. great time killer and amazing style. thanks, midjiwan!
transbiologist, the transest of biologists : one of the two good 4x games on the play store. the other being unciv. the game is very easy to play but the difficulty can be changed so it's not easy to *beat*. overall great game. i have no complaints.
kettle : polytopia was an extremely fun game for me on my past device, a zte. i tried playing it on my chromebook and the app would not respond to anything. i wish i could rate it higher but being stuck on the selection screen ruins my memories.
artiom donoga : the greatest strategy game you will find for a mobile. you can really enjoy the game fully without paying anything. but it's so good you will actually want to support the developer. p.s. it would be great if the size of the map increased even more when you are playing against more opponents. it's a pity it doesn't any get bigger when you play against 5 or 6 bots.
haven : ok, i usually hate these types of random mobile games, but this is just cool! the tech tree, and the gameplay is really good! anyone who can't find a game to start playing that doesnt have weird cheesy charachters that are like: ohhhh! save the bank! now i can't buy anything bc i'm like 12 years old obviously, and i think the pass and play is just dumb. i'd like online play to be playable so we don't have to wait 5 minutes for a single turn to end. don't you think there's enough paid for content
zam eb : very nice and ready to play game. most problems solved. now the responsiveness is good as before. i just hate one thing: when you find an explorer in ancient ruins instead of any useful resource. hope you remove that.
deathlegend492 : its a good game fun gameplay and cool graphics it has very good tactics and skills to unlock for complete domination with cool troops my problems are that every one has the same skills available and you cant play online without buying but unless its the 3 extra ones like elfs norse, poloris,and atlantis its not worth it cuz the difference at that point is the looks and starting skill
susan keller : amazing, i can't ask for more, its perfect in every way. the only thing that could make this the best of the best if a editor of maps and such and maybe scenarios and a scenario editor but its still a great game without that stuff
matthew slade : great game and fun to play with friends. would be 5 star with a slightly extended tech tree, options to team in multiplayer. one slight issue is since second to last update is that my google play account disconnects and i need to restart app each turn to see my multiplayer games. (fixed now updated to 5 stars).
tucker drown : a great fun game about creating an empire. even though the game heavily talks about being a "strategy" game, you don't have to be a 400iq grandmaster chess player to actually beat the game, on normal at least. it can just be fun to mess around and see what score you can get. also, big point here, it doesnt have any ads!!! i think the only way that the devs get money is by you buying the extra tribes, which seem pretty cool but i haven't gotten any yet.
nyrrv : amazing game! some people may judge a game off of its graphics or whether or not it has complex mechanics, but they fail to see that sometimes, simplicity in both fronts can make a game beutiful. polytopia is a great example for this. good work midjiwan!
divine clementine : i wanted something like sid meier's civilization to feed that craving while i'm away from home. this game is definitely worth the download. it's charming, simple, easy to learn, and challenging with the different level settings. if you're looking for a laid back game with elements that remind you of civ, definitely give this a try. i've been playing it almost every day for the last month or so.
michaek fields fields : this game is straight up amazing. like you go into a mobile strategy game expecting those cookie cutter mmo strategy format, but this game has its own recipe. you get to move around little guys and take over cities as well as clash against enemy armys what more could you want.the game also has nice difficulty settings for players of all levels of experience. even as a avid player of the strategy genre i still find that the game offers a nice challenge.
kenny guzman : if you like civ, you'll like this. really fun and easy to pick up. would be a five star, but there is no "undo move" button and you can't earn any of the standard races. i would love to see an expansion to the tech tree, but i'm sure there will be updates where that will happen. great game!
avishek das : the difference between normal and hard mode is too much. from having very little challenge throughout, suddenly the game starts with two tribes atracking you simultaneously. its ridiculous. this is not hard its just plain unfair and impossible to win. also, lacks replay value.
memefic 2 : incredibly fun! its easy enough to learn the basics, but you could spend a life time mastering the game and still not know everything. lots of variety, and the free tribes are actually decent, so at least it isnt pay to win. although it is fun to play with the tribes that cost money, they are only like 2 dollars per tribe so its not like its expensive. would recommend, been playing the game for over a year and it only keeps getting better.
lewis hookings : great game. one problem is that it is easy to a point, such as medium level with 3 opposition is easy. move to hard with 3 opposition and its impossible. all 3 opposition only focus against you, not each other. would also be nice having more maps.
minedex7 : i think with one more game mode, or diverse co-op between tribes, this game would be perfect. as it is, it is a fun strategy and combat based game that is much more complicated than its loveable graphics suggest. the game is exponentially helped by the special tribes present in it, as the main tribes become a bit stagnant otherwise. the aquarion tribe could stand to be updated, as newer special tribes have more unique abilities, however, overall, it is an amazing game.
herman gabriel : i used to really adore the game and decider to play it aigan after i uninstalled it first time (due to little space on phone) but since i now reinstalled it with the same account and everything i don't get my bought content back. its a nice game, but to play without the ad remover is bad and that when you buy it you can't uninstall the game or lose the premium you bought is just worse. sad to see for a else fun game.
excaliburst 005 : best strategic game i played and i really love the the gameplay. but i dont really like to buy a regular tribe with exchange of real money, i wish you add points that can only earn on mulitplayer game that can be use to buy regular tribes. and yeah last thing i wish there's lan connection where me and my friends can play, and my suggestion it will be good if there is allaince on perfection mode
wellohellothere : this game is a masterpiece! i could play for hours and hours and still not be bored! great job! i have a suggestion though, maybe add a unlimited mode, where you can play (even after destroying all tribes) as much as you want, where you can just create your huge kingdom for however long you want!
o0thefirebird0o : i absolutely love this game i played it multiple times enjoyment for hours. i love the element of building up a army and conquering other forces and having to use a upgrade system is good. only issue is that there should be more tribes to choose from for free.
keith rutsey : i've had this game for a couple years and last update is messed up. creative map selection doesn't matter, it just gives you what it wants. seems like some minor testing before release would have caught this. very frustrating.
caped baldie : first and foremost the game is amazing! really cute graphics and such... secondly.. theres this bug when you pick 4 enemies and above the game freezes on the "creating world" and just stops responding.. please fix this bug, but mist importantly this game is really good for those who enjoy classic/strategic games
lego master : i don't really leave very many reviews because it's games on a phone come on. however this is is well put together simple to learn a lot of game play and strategy. i really enjoyed playing. no worries about paying to win or getting slammed with ads so it's important to support the developers by purchasing some of the stuff they have. well done.
cali hart : i love this game. i've been playing it on and off for a few years now. it's free to play and if you do decide to buy a $1 tribe to makes the game even more entertaining with the ability to fight off more groups at once. i do wish the multiplayer had an online option, not just friend code.
shane scott : would rate it higher, i'm sure it's a stellar game.... if i could play it. as soon as i load it up, it gets stuck with infinite loading, i think trying to load my google play account. left it alone for 10 minutes and still loading. might have something to do with me trying to play it through the google play pass
angelo dela cruz : there's a bug where if you buy a tribe to unlock the multi-player option, it won't let you play with other players saying that the friend code doesn't exist or an error occurs in finding it. my money is not spent for bugs but for the fun of playing with other people. please fix this.
tom howell : gameplay is addictive and drags you in quickly. unfortunately i found the gameplay a little too shallow and repetitive to hold my interest for long. but still an excellent game and absolutely recommend whether you plan on investing in races or not.
paul schommer : game is great! but having a hard time justifying purchasing individual civilizations without getting to try them first. there should be a rotating 'civilization of the month' that can be used for free so they can be tried before purchasing. or, if there was a $5 'standard civ package', i'd totally but that without testing. would just feel like a good value.
om : lots of improvements since my last review. however, the stars collecting animation after every turn really takes up time especially in later rounds when there are many cities captured. perhaps there should be an animation canceling feature.
marian alexandru alecu : played it to the death. but the ai is now way too dummy, even on the "crazy" difficulty. please make this much much harder! for example, when one tribe becomes more powerful, all the others should attack it! if i have 10 cities and the rest have 2 each, they should attack only me! in reality, when one nation becomes too powerful, the rest try to undermine it.
osamas pajamas : a five star game if they could fix the invisible menus bug. every time anything is selected the normal pop-up menu flashes then either all or 95% of the menu disappears. unfortunately it is completely unplayable in its current state.
chris mastriano : this game has been a continuous play for me for over a year now. procedurally generated maps so every time i play is something new. plenty of different races to choose from. if you loved the old command and conquer or even starcraft but want something on a simpler scale then this is the game to get. 5 star for sure! this is also the only mobile game i've ever written a review for.
mike meiners : i love this game. i think it is the best in it's class for gameplay. the replay potential is infinite. easy to learn, challenging, great look and absorbing gameplay. i have purchased all of the modules and have played it hundreds of times. definitely worth checking out.
nashinthehat : this was a great little time killer and a superb mobile rts!.. it doesn't even work after the latest update. crashes on both loading screen and character selection. haven't got past that yet so couldn't comment on how the rest of the game performs. would be nice if you devs could look into this and fix it. thanks guys and well done on the game. :)
chanelle victoria rose : this is genuinely a 15 minute game at most. the graphics are amazing. however the gameplay, not so much. if i was the developers, i would make another 50 worlds. you complete one, you go onto the next with new challenges and things to find. there was no instructions on how to play. and it looks simple to figure out, but for some it may not be. so overall i give it about a 2 out of 5. i wouldn't download this game again, unless they added more levels. and free levels.
jeffy boy : it's a really fun strategy game for one that doesn't cost money to buy, and it even has some replay value, buuut only some. after the first 2 games it gets really boring and is only really worth keeping if you got friends to play it with.
dassar ali : i left a 1 star before but changing to 5 because i have faith that the developers have noticed the issue with the custom game bug. i like all the other balancing, it's made the game fun, i play daily, have bought all the tribes and love this game. i would love if there was another branch to the skill tree, would add an awesome new dimension. it's a shame elrion can't burn or clear a forest, but it totally makes sense
russell wong : i love polytopia, but in the new update the battles are so fast that it's hard to keep track of what's going on. it would be great to have an option to adjust the speed. also, it seems like the character and maps aren't as sharp on my 10" 1920x1200 tablet as they used to be, but i can't be sure about that.
kristin pfleger : i love this game so much, but i have a few issues. 1. my friends list doesnt show up. 2. i can only receive online multiplayer games, i can't send them nor can i search for people. 3. my top scores don't update, my highest score that i have screenshot is 40k+ yet the app says my highest is 11.6k. other than these issues, i really enjoy this game.
tep teppu : i've been playing polytopia since its early access. this game is really great and really helps me improve my strategic skills. but! theres a bug whenever i wanted to upgrade or deploy troops and stuffs. the menu itself glitches.
teoman karagoz : a blocky conquest tactics game that stands out hugely from others, play if you want a challenge, or just for fun. not for fps streamers, more for casual gameplay. heck of a job, probably the best mobile game i've played, and definitely one i've been looking for for years. a few bugs, the most notable being when you're allied with a tribe but they try to take over your city and they still remain peaceful, so you need to attack them to get your city back. hey creators, people should pay for this!
venkatakrishnan r : i can easily it rank it amongst best games i have ever played in this platform and i can see how this game might just be a big thing. we have been playing this game after buying tribes. and we play competitive. it is amazing. we feel that there should be a proper competitive mode which would be timed. we would love to see the update. absolutely amazing game, otherwise. cheers, lads.
z a : good. it became my favorite game because it's offline. sadly, after the update is installed it won't open! i tried uninstalling other app to give way to this, just in case the problem is memory but it still won't open... i'm losing hope and thinking of uninstalling it if this keeps happening... please fix it asap
blubber : great fun, played this with a bunch of friends. very quick and the balancing of this game just clicks with me. definitely reccomend. the single player mode vs ai is also good fun. you can try and beat crazy mode and get on the leaderboards.
todd beren : amazing. love it. such a fun game with a unique design of shapes, colors, and music including the tribes. each tribe has a unique one of a kind style and way of starting out in the game like yaddak or luxidor. not only that but the gamplays amazing in itself. you have to ethier try to take the cities and capitals and dominate the map or be the riches clan with the most currency and score. its a great strategy game to which you have to manuver troops and research technology to destroy your foe.
brian comfort : really fun strategy game. you can play solo and a pass around version. but you have to pay to play multiplayer. i know it costs money to run servers, but i think more pepole will play if multiplayer was free. i would play it more often i should say if it were free. other than that, good job!
kanishk p s : wow, a new concept was like breath of fresh air. quite addictive. small size, i love it. i find it lagging a little bit but apart from that it is really good. i would like to play multiplayer but unfortunately that's paid, can you monetise it through ads?
mustafa abibullaiev : the game is great, but i have a problem. once i pick tribe to start game, it freezes. if i try to get a random tribe, the game starts, but soon freezes too. i need advice if i can fix it myself, and if not, please, fix it. reinstalling didn't help
jak layne : i enjoy playing this game soooo much....i love the artwork firstly and the different units its just simple and fun. i wish though that yoh would introduce multi-player over wifi so more than one persons can play on different devices. also a custumization option for creation of your own tribe on multiplayer. you could have templates that could be used to create different looks for units for your tribe in multi-player as well....thanks for a great game...hope u guys take my suggestions too...
matthew augart-peponis : this is an amazing strategy game for mobile devices with barely any ads. in the battle of polytopia you play as a civilization trying to conquer the rest of the map and wipe out everyone else by conquering villages and developing cities so that they produce more resources for you to build your armies or unlock tech, getting tech unlocks new units and ways to develop your cities. all in all the really good strategy game for mobile however it has lots of dlc. 9/10
tree potato : so far ive played through one game and im already hooked, nice simple strategy game really suited to mobile. the graphics are nice, the progression feels intuitive and its really easy to control. edit still fun and i havent even unlocked any more tribes yet, looking forward to those huge maps
ice cold : it a good game but it kinda get repetitive playing the same mode over and over again plus battleship is op it can one shot most units in one go and a few from the giant if you have a fleet of these at the shore of your enamy you can just rain down so much damage you can almost clear all the units there in one attack i want just want more content.
green astronout : this ain't my first review but i have am idea for a game mode is you the player battle players or ai and you start with a few citys and some tech ramdomized and you go aginst an empire and start to take control and when you finish the square you go to another square witch is ferther into the enemy empire until you reach the final square witg is thier capital. and it can be from 3 square to 5 squares and also onr last thing add map editier it will in my opition make the game more fun. thank you
jason curtsinger : the reason why i give this game a five star review is because i like how it's offline and also it's never glitchy even when i'm online and like at the back of my house where there is very little internet also i like how there is a lot of strategy in this game 2 for example you have to figure out how many stars aka points you will need until you can upgrade your village or figure out a new tech if you don't know what a tech is it helps you get more powerful men to help fight and when the game.
darth galapaegus : the game is absolutely brilliant, i have noticed a large bug lately, while playing on crazy difficulty against 2 or more bots they do not attack each other they solely focus attacks on me as if they are working together, quite an odd bug, this led to one army becoming supersized and occupying 1 whole third of the square in a game with 2 bots. hope you guys reply id love to see this bug fixed.
alex conley : i have been playing this for a couple of weeks and love it. if you like civilization this is probably a game you will like - it has similar gameplay just a lot less intricate. i don't say this as a bad thing, it is great to have something i can play through quickly! it is fun to play and the different civilizations are cool. some unique fighting units in each civilization would be pretty awesome
miosz gesiorski : i like the game much more than any other on my mobile, but after playing it for all this time, i feel bored with it even if i have obtained all tribes and played all types of matches, still i think that it's getting boring. adding a sort of campaign or larger world wouldn't be a bad idea. but anyway it's still a good and joyful game.
green villager : and yes who ever says that the crazy mode is hard and yeah, true, but it can be a lot of fun, think about it, you can be the one who can be in 1st place and have quick resources in crazy mode, i tried it my first time, yes and true its was hard, and i felt like a was gonna blow, but the others time even now, i did everything quick, and yes, i did well, but lost, but it really was worth the try, and i think you challange your self ( all of you ) to be a great player, hard mode can be a start.
aaditya mistry : honestly it's just a great game, the devs are constantly updating and improving the game. there is plenty of content without paying and no ads. 10/10 would recommend. ps every friend that i have introduced to the game has loved it (and probably played it an unhealthy amount).
ben jones : very well built. unique game that isn't addictive in the same way many mobile games are - it allows you to play one game of days or even weeks - a bit like a colourful game of chess. i hope the developers keep adding new tech upgrades, bigger maps, and more original characters.
souleymane d : great game!! it has 5 star potential but i'm giving it 4 stars because i think the developers could expand it more. polytopia is fun for new players but needs more complexity to keep it just as engaging for players after 1-3 months of consistent play. add new tribes more often, expand the tech tree, add more easter eggs! yall are sitting on gold, mine it!!!
caleb : ive been playing this game for years now, and after awhile there isnt much to do. it would be cool if you add a map building option where you can publish a custom level and allowing you to play other people's levels as well
ben price : one of the best mobile games i've played! simple to play, easy to pick up and put down, completely ad free and purchases optional. currently playing this game almost every day, which has extended my work loo breaks to half an hour long each tribe beyond the first 4 costs less than 1 gbp (with 4 exceptions) meaning that you can expand the game at your own pace, and spend what you like i can't wait for this game to be released on steam so that i can play it as a background game throughout my day
gavinedward : this game is a mobile masterpiece. every mobile game studio should look to make games just like this. it's endless fun. but one thing i'd love to see is a technology that allows forts to be built for a sum of stars that provide defense for friendly units on it's tile, and advanced diplomacy, such as peace deals, alliances, treaties, trade with other tribes etc.
eduard a : one of my favourite games on my mobile. turn based strategy game with pixelated art. many many replayability hours sunk into this game. even though you can pay to play as more races - you're not forced to - or bombarded with ads. brilliant!
aaron triplett : fine, the game is easy enough to learn and not too difficult to master. as a free player you are limited to the starting civs but that's about it. my one main request would be a bigger map size, the games felt too small and ended quite quickly.
bluemobster 002 : awsome game and really like to play it. would like some more diversity, and more game play options than just researching catapults and steam rolling. also if you could somehow unlock other tribes other than paying. but other than that a perfect game with lots of replayability
beaniefunnygamer : it feels like i am playing a mini age of empires. the graphics are cute and funny. it has the best soundtrack i have ever heard in on a mobile game. its so cool how each tribe has its own music and skins and play styles. other games might have better graphics, but this one has good music and a great community. i love how the developers share post on the game and keep me informed. p.s would recommend buying the yadakk tribe just for the killer beats.
andrew beggs : really good game, not a complete mess like most mobile games. the addition of more tribes that you pay for is okay but it does get repetitive, i'd really enjoy seeing new game modes or new game mechanics that would mix things up. still a nice experience to pass the time with
matthew johnson : great game except... you have to pay to unlock every tribe separately. with 12 tribes to unlock at $2 each, this "free" game turns into a $24 app. arguably one of the most expensive games on the store at that rate when you consider tribes a core part of the game and not necessarily a microtransaction for digital currency. i would be happy to pay $10 for all current and future tribes, but unlocking them one-by-one is a bit crazy.
axereal85 : love this game its amazing every aspect is fun and enjoying except two things i got a new phone and a lot of the words get cut off. by that i mean i only see the close option when i click on a tribe or anything in game. another thing is you have to pay to get more than the original tribes... i wish there was challenges to at least try and get sum of the different tribes. hope this helps for both people who look to get this game and the makers to fix the glitch where i cant see the thing i tapped
shahil ahmed : this game is amazing, i have always been a fan of the 4x genre but most games in this genre require a super long time to play through, even with very few opponents, this game is an exception it can give you fast yet challenging and satisfying matches! the simplistic, low-poly artstyle combined with the charming animation combined with the satisfying sfx makes this game my most favourite game in these 5 years of gaming
patrick collins : honestly one of the best mobile games i've played in a long time. you can go easy with limited number of rounds for casual game, or go hard until domination for more strategy. the game is free to play against bots. there are iaps for other tribes (essentially just different play styles) and buying one of those unlocks multi-player to cover server costs. i do wish there was a room finder for online play though.
mousumi mukherjee : this game is absolutely brilliant in all aspects.the first thing which fascinates you is the simple yet challenging gameplay. secondly , the developers have outdone themselves in the very minute details in the costumes of the various tribes to overall graphics. to good for a game less than even 100 mb.
shaun simpson : been around since before things were well balanced. this game seems simple but it's an excellent pocketsize stadegy game. id recommend it to anyone. singleplayer is cool but multiplayer is so slow paced that i don't bother with it unless it's pass and play with friends. the devs did a great job here, this game is def worth the few mb it takes to download.
stoneycrek : i absolutely love this game. the graphics ar pretty yet simple, and the gameplay is incredibly fun. i love the ability to play online with friends but, the world gen is odd on online matches, whenever i play most players will be isolated making the game a rush to navigation; would it be possible to add the same world gen settings from the moonrise version into mobile?
jordan tamayo : game is so confusing, i still dont know what to do. and multiplayer is locked unless you spend money so it's a big no from me. edit: developer said i can find some videos on youtube, but i shouldn't have to look up videos in order to understand how to play. i've got nothing againts the game or the developers. but there needs to be a rework of the game to make it more understandable.
qwxzy : the feeling of knowing everyone else is too busy fighting eachother to touch you, being able to build up an army as everyone is too busy fighting, being able to build a fleet so large that you take every city without having to re-organize your army in between battles... if you want that feeling of satisfaction and power, play this game.
nate knight : love the game completely! just have a few ideas for this game. the first, which is allowing players to adjust the amount of water on the map. and the last thing would be really cool if you could make new tribes that are based in newer civilizations. thanks love the game!
daniel woods : this is an incredibly addictive game! i have been playing it for a couple years now and i can honestly say i am still playing. i would like to give the developers praise for creating a game that is so satisfying. now we have online matches as well! that is icing on the cake! my one and only wish is that we could get the other tribes without spending money. i wouldn't mind earning credits to watch ads! even if the ads were 30 seconds each and i only earned half of a penny towards the next tribe.
god jihyo : it's actually pretty nice, the problem is though when you win the game, and you start a new game is starts the base the same space you started in the last game, it would've be nice to add more places to start into not just the same corner over and over again, if you just start in the same place many times it gets boring and you'll know what will happen next, it would be nice if the world gets a little bigger so you can start anywhere randomly, otherwise than that good game :)
ryan cox : really fun and simple game that still has a good amount of nuance in strategy and manuvering. one of my only grips is that in my opinion there are huge balancing issues with the "out of this world" tribes. they are a great idea and really creative but are not fun to play against when being a normal tribe. their abilities are just to powerful. so if more of those are added and deligated to their own mode, that might provide more balance. but overall the game excels in being a fun strategy game.
ivars arins : amazing game. i regret trying it out, because i'm sinking almost as much time in it as i used to do with civilization on pc. the only thing i could wish for is a way to go to next unit with available actions instead of hunting for them all over the board.
urdhva naik : i love this game!!! the best past time game to play, if you need to wait for a bus everyday. it refreshes my mind as well as has a really nice gameplay: not to simple not to complex neither hard nor repetitive. but i have one problem... apparently i have bought every tribe from you and almost every tribe has 3 stars. i wish that you make more tribes(specials especially) so that it's a bit more fun trying a new approach and a new kind of gameplay. i hope you will soon add new updates :)
john paul robin : very good indeed... it really deserves a 5 star rating.. though i feel like there is alot of space for improvements. the tech tree actually "for me" lacks dynamic from tribe to tribe other than the different sprites... it would be more immersing if the different tribes has atleast their own unique tech tree, it would very much add depth in the game. and maybe some few tweks on the mechanics . i would love to see new updates soon... great game.
stressedmayonnaise : its a really nice game, good graphics, gameplay but sometimes its little borring if you play it too long, and the controls are okay, the only problem i have is the lack of diplomacy, it would be fun if you can make aliances with other tribes, overall its good.
mystie : straightforward game. interesting unique civilizations and tech trees. cute graphics, no bugs at all. you can play it for hours and have fun. too bad you need to pay to unlock all of the other civilizations.
will saueressig : really fun, quick game with way more strategy than i expected. the game as is is awesome, but it would be nice to have more settings for online games; weird stuff like no fog, or changing how much of the map is water or land.
lepor : the game is great but 2 things: be able to came back from the position you where the troops are located. basically be able to rewind. also the other tribes shouldn't be bought with real money. for example you have to earn it to get the other tribes. but some of them could be bought with real money. hope you see this review.
louis jones : a unique, charming and intuitive take on the 4x genre. a more streamlined and simplified 4x game with great visuals and aesthetics, there is also depth and great satisfaction in having optimal builds. completely playable for free. love it !
franco sernaglia : best game ever of strategy in turns. i really apreciate there is an option where you can play with your friends in the same phone! i love the game and its way it portraits the civilizations. i strongly recommend the game and i hope you enjoy as much as i did.
benjamin watson : 4x stripped down to bare bones and repackaged with crisp, clean art. games are short but every turn matters, the mechanics are straightforward but have depth, and everything feels well balanced. couldn't be happier.
gamer of war : when i first saw the game i thought this game be bad but man was i wrong and that this is the best mobile 4x turn base strategy ever and hope that the developers continue this amazing process. notice to developers can you maybe add eras in to the game like you know dawn of man to the future and make save slots for multiple games (free updates). as i said this game is a recommendation!
jefferson b : best mobile game ever. found this a while back when it just came out and played it for hours. the beautiful world with its different environments and unique people lull you into forgetting you're pitted against them in a death match. the difficulty levels nailed it. work yourself up from easy to crazy. love this game. i recommended it to everyone i know.
akimbo division : i've only just started haven't even finished my first match it's quite fun and alot better than what the pictures look like. it's not one of those typical boring mobile games to play. it kind of reminds me of aoe. edit: only thing is could you guys please make it so that you don't have to pay to play online it sucks i'm sure you could find plenty of other ways to make money.
norman gramm : great game overall, but felt so linear.. just rinse and repeat. i would like it if there's another game mode like a sandbox mode or just an option to customize the map/move count/resources/etc. that would be fantastic!
meredith m. : this is a seriously good game! i'd even go as far as to say it's the best mobile game i've ever played. there's a bit of a sharp learning curve, but once you've finished your first game, you'll understand pretty well how everything works. the best description i can give of battle of polytopia is that it's similar to risk, but it is more resource-based and has more options than just attack/add forces.
gadolinium64 : this is an amazing game that is great to play with your friends. especially if you have ever played civ, it seems simple at first but each and every play can be vital, allowing you to win a game or get 3 stars. plus, it isn't pay to win. a free tribe can destroy a paid tribe if played correctly and there are 0 paid in-game bonuses. this makes it fun for everyone, and nobody is at a major disadvantage. this is a fun, polished, and addictive game! thanks a million to the developers! nerf bardur
jesse deysel : it is a great strategy game with interesting game mechanics and concepts. it also allows for online multiplayer with friends when you have purchased a tribe. which is really cheap anyways. there aren't any ads. highly recommend.
imsofunnyxd : the game itself is fun, but it seems like your just trying to juice money out of people by making almost all of the tribes be individually bought (a follow or two for each one, and there's a lot. also, the better classes that are clearly superior are more expensive) its really disappointing because the game itself is really fun.
jacobus fourie steyn : love the game.. good graphics, no lag but its a good game just wish you could play with more of the characters. you have to pay to play with like 90%of them and it is very annoying. yep i just wish i could play with friends and more characters.
*cough* : a very good game. i would recommend to many people who like strategy. it's fast paced and fun and can be played anywhere anytime and doesn't take up that much space also the picking of your tribe and the different tribes and ability to make the game a certain way is really fun.
katy _239 : it is a very fun and and addicting game and i love it. but it would be much better if you could add a mode where you can expand your tribe without there being a ending to the game. for example in the current game mode when you kill the amount of tribes the game is over but make a mode where the game js not over and there is a very large world where you just keep on growing till you one day die then il give 5 stars
ben harris : great game! fun fast gameplay in solo or epic games online (after you purchase a new tribe). now i have purchased almost all of the tribes, some of which add new ways to play. i kind of wish there was more customization for win parameters, but that's a minor gripe. highly recommend!
riptide : i really love the game. i have some suggestions, i would love to see the game with a large map and a unlimited game mode. similar to the game "citizen revolution" the game is amazing! the devolopers worked hard and well. thank you for this experience!
shawn bales : great skill game like risk but better. overall a great strategy game. there is one bad thing that u have to buy a unit to play multiplayer but the units only cost 2 dollars. u can even play offline and with your friends localy. if they added like a pirate faction that would be great.
draven romero : amazing indie game. similar to games like civilization, but faster paced and more engaging. multiplayer includes pass and play and online battles. appealing graphics, music, and gameplay. i honestly can't think of anything negative about this game... team battles would be cool?
a google user : this is probably hands down the best mobile strategy game there is. it's simple, but enjoyable every step of the way. it isn't pay to win and has a great art style too. anyone from casual players to more hardcore strategy fans will find something to enjoy about it.
trirule : i bought this game back when i had an iphone, and got it again when i switched to my samsung galaxy s10. last time i only bought one character, but now i've gotten 3 or 4 bought so i can support these guys, cuz this game really is sooo good. i love to play it with my friends and family, and also the ai is super fun and challenging. i love the new ish custom mode, but it would be super cool if they added more customizable stuff, like "no clouds" or "all mountains" idk, but its is my favorite game
alex dornfeld : definitely a simpler version of the civilization series of games, in terms of scope and length. easy to pick up and play. cute voxel aesthetic. could see it getting stale rather easily though.
brydan erhardt : very fun and addicting. though some players are waaaaayyyy to overpowered. for instance the knight can change the tide of the war in a single move. i think it should be limited to how many players it can kill in a single move.
j d : amazing game, i just wish there was an option to buy all the tribes at once, and that there was a game mode that was exactly like perfection mode, just without the 30 turn limit. i want to get powerful and then destroy my enemies. as is with either mode, i cant take my time planning my enemy's demise before the turns are up or they murder me first update- yo where tf are all of my tribes
jie mileng : i really like this game, with its depth and strategy . all i suggest is that there be a tech tree like age of empires, which explains the strengths and weaknesses of units, talk's bonuses and the benefits of different city upgrades. so and so
tyler funk : great game. has unlimited replayability with every game being different and unique. and with the addition of multiplayer just makes it so much better. controls and gameplay is simple and enjoyable making it easy to start off.
g : i love this one. simple to play yet fun and with enough variety to keep coming back. one thing though, more a suggestion than a complaint; can we have teams? dealing with threat zones while cooperating with another player is really irritating.
cristine e. wright : i'm obsessed with this game. i have never looked online for forums when it comes to playing any game ever until now. i find it just challenging enough to get sucked into it for hours and if you have play pass, most (if not all) tribes are included. i have no clue how to get a three-star win yet (despite the online wiki guidance), but everytime i get a little bit closer it's kinda exciting...until i see how much time i wasted lol.
d0nut w0lf123 : 69 nice, i really like this game and its very simply graphics, i enjoy turn-based strategy games with simple graphics and i love polytopia, need i say more? i have a suggestion when you meet a new tribe there should be an option to become allies with them or wage war on them and depending on which tribe the choices are easy or hardexample: it will be harder to become allies with bardur bcuz they are vikings but imperius is easier and so would be luxidoor but magic tribes would be much harder.
tristien meek : very fun and fast paced, very balanced at being unbalanced as each civ starts with a tech that is extremely beneficial at the start. it's a great game to play with friends and by yourself. my only issue is the vengir are a little busted since they start with swordsman.
reuben french : lately the game has been crashing and hard booting my device... samsung j3 prime. was not a problem until a few weeks ago, thought maybe the hand update would fix it but the problem persists. other than that, it's the best free game out there.
arshia win : enjoyed the game but the rng sometimes is not fair (the village and ruin spawns and how the tribes are placed in 3 tribe game). the "crazy" bot difficulty can do much better with some little fixes(for example instead of attacking with the unit defending their village they rather should move the unit to another place and then attack while making a new unit as always). despite all this, i really enjoyed the game. much recommended
adspongy : i absolutely love this game and i understand that you need to make money somehow but (and it is a tiny but) i think there needs to be a way to unlock the lower tier tribes through gameplay. i can understand the higher tribes that give higher techs and new environments being paid for.
taira how : this developer is greedy. whenever the developer decides to update the game, he/she seems to never upgrade the skill tree. you know, just the most important part of the game. (so the game forces you to buy the in app purchases to prevent the onsetting staleness of this title). so, game rounds are extremely repetitive which doesn't justify the 20 or so dollars you must pay to actually unlock the full game. also, all the tribes are basicly the same, they're all just reskins of different tribes.
benjamin bradford : having a glitch where when a city is leveled up high enough to create a super soldier, the screen will turn black, i am able to touch around on the screen and hear sounds, so the game is still running, just not rendering
stabigail killems : i enjoy this game a lot and wanted to get more tribes until i realized i had to pay for each of them individually. it's not a crazy amount of money. it would be about $14 but i still feel like there should be a discounted bundle or way to earn these tribes in game through playing and unlocking achievements.
the magnificent sans : good rts game, hard to learn but easy to play if you understand the techs and it's uses but... petition to bring back guard tower. but this time make it "watch tower" gives 7x7 vision but never attacks and please add vision logic (you only see where your units are and your cities) so ambushes can be possible (and to bring the use of "watch towers")...please?
jj bullfrog : this is a great game, but it could be better. i recommend a training mode that doesn't affect the leaderboards, where you can reverse actions as many times as you want and see how it plays through. i bought all the tribes, so maybe you'll consider it, mr. developer?
dale wingate : such a great game! have spent so much time playing this, upgrade to extra opponents costs is worth it but the game is completely playable as the basic version. definitely room to improve and add extra bits on to make this game even better, this game is definitely one to watch!
l clever01 : amazing, this game is fantastic. playing against bots is exciting and fun. multiplayer requires you to purchase a tribe ($1-$2) which is were this game really shines. definitely needs an option to play against random players and option to unlock all tribes.
trooper : one of the best mobile strategy games i've played. i've had this game for two years and have all of the tribes. it doesn't take too long to play a game, has good simple graphics and is easy to play. i love it and so do my friends. i've played a number of different turn based strategy games, and this is one of the, if not the, best one i've played. definitely a five star. only suggestion: keep adding more tribes!
leon murphy : fantastic game which has a nice difficulty curve and unique atmostphere. the tech tree although simple, takes a while to utilise. despite playing for a while now, i am still struggling to become a master at this game!
snake sunflower : it's one of the best games i ever played, and the best thing is that it's free, one thing though when i open the app the game lags a bit but it fixes by itself in no time (it's less than a minute) i recommended it to most of my friends and they all got the app as well and there seems to be no lagging on their phones so it's probably just my phone because it's quite old. :)
tom hast : very fun game, you don't have to spend any money on it since it doesn't chance how the game plays. but i would like it if the developer made it that you can't take over another players city as easy as it is now. i can have a city with a wall and catapult in it, and two enemy horseriders would be enough to take over the city. my suggestions would be either: give the city a health bar so that you need to do damage to the city before being able to take it over. or make it like 3 turns are needed
team fairy tail : i legitimately enjoy this game when playing with friends, which is why it sucks that i can't buy any tribes at all. the multiplayer mode hinges on my buying a tribe, but anytime i try to, it just says "purchase failed to initialize". i've uninstalled, reinstalled, turned my phone on and off again, cleared storage, cleared caches, etc. and nothing has worked. it's been happening for well over a month now and i'm starting to consider uninstalling altogether.
tofu : unfair spawns really kill multiplayer. i so often get a lonely island spawn and with 4+ players, one is almost guaranteed to spawn alone. this is no fun and has happened for ages, but nothing notable has been done to fix it. and after so many years, there still isn't any unlockable content. everything is behind a paywall...
ian _ : this game is very fun, the mechanics are not too complicated, i like the variety of things in the game, but there is a few things id like to say. 1. i think there should be a way to unlock some, not all, tribes, and not have to spend real money, and 2. i think there should be more gamemodes. other than that, great game!
fish lips : truly a beyond wonderful game thats very very well made, anyone that enjoys tactics or strategy will surely love this game. my only complaint is the pay wall. its understandable but i feel that only having 4 tribes can be limiting to the enjoyment of casual players and even to those like myself who are willing to spring a few dollars on content. still a fantastic game and a pay wall shouldnt stop you from getting the game because it would be a shame to not be able to enjoy it.
klobb : simplistic yet beautiful graphics, fluent and easy to learn controls, and fun thoughtful gameplay. each tribe is well designed and fits the games art style, the music is on point and unrivaled by other soundtracks of similar games. every tribe is unique offering different styles of play and variety, and the world generation keeps each game fresh and interesting. the only complaint is the paywalls required to play other tribes, but they are all fairly priced and well worth the money.
berest915 : new releases balance seems reasonable. hope the ai macro would be better. sometimes they don't bother to occupy a nearby village that possibly just around the corner ps: i would prefer previous icon, a house surrounded by a tree, a sword, and a shield, maybe have a poll for players to vote/devote. and can add an option to restart game if lose in single player.
wine gum : i really enjoy this game however having multiplayer behind a pay wall is dumb. i'd love to play this against my friends or randos but my only option is ai. due to this i can only give this game 4 stars when it could get 5. i understand that the developers need to make money but honestly i'd rather have (occasional) ads instead of being locked out of a portion of the game.
myles benyon : it's a good game in general and a gr8 game for playing multiplayer with friends but recently after not playing for a while i jumped back on just to see that the special tribes i had purchased where no longer unlocked and were once again hidden behind a pay wall..................... if this is a glitch then please fix it, if it isn't, you have scammed me and i want my $9 back.
cameron duff : this game is a gem. simple at first glance, but give it time and you'll change your mind. endlessly satisfying pocket strategy game that isn't the slightest bit greedy--the few small in-app purchases (new races to play as) don't affect balance and smartly increase the number of opponents you can face at once, so as you get better and as you come to love the game, you'll naturally appreciate a tiny ($1.50) purchase here and there to increase the challenge and make your skirmishes more epic.
debbie hardin : i like it, it runs well on the singleplayer but multiplayer tends to crash and if you want more characters they are only .99 some of the cheapest prices ive seen for the purchases in a long time. and i find that it never gets boring.
furkan alperen : i find the game brilliant as it's very original and has entertaining strategy in it. however in some of my games i enter a bug which makes it unplayable no matter what i do. i end up having to select new game.
aj568 : this is one of the best games i have ever played but i have multiplayer with my friends and one of them has the aquarion and the trident is too strong there is no way to counter it because it has the ability to run after it attacks i would say the unit needs a balance such as removing 5 health or the hit and run
simon perkins : don't like the new changes. sorry (or thanks for breaking a mild addiction). all my personal objectives, built over years of loving this game, have been wiped without consultation. i loved other updates (creative introduction especially), but to fundamentally alter how tech and tribes grow in the name of 'fairness' is wrong (clear forest in free spirit now, and not...er...forestry, says it all). not everyone plays in the multiplayer world. so why turn an f1 car into an indycar?
iceblade02 : excellent strategy game with multiplayer capability. while some races are locked behind a paywall, the game is awesome even without them. recommend it! be aware that you might lose an afternoon playing it.
ronald rosete : after purchasing some item in this app, i thought there would be an offline platform but nothing. it just came up to my mind that it would take days to finish the game if players are in crazier level. thumbs up if you want to waste your three hours to kill your boredom. graphics look great after all. 5 stars. now, uninstalling it.
i do things sometimes : i love the game however i think it's unfair that you have to pay for all the tribes so i think a cool addition would be to add a few more tribes which can be unlocked by either paying for it or unlocking it by reaching difficult achievements such as, winning a game against three bots on the difficult level crazy. i personally haven't been able to win on crazy yet so i think a good insentive would be, you can unlock the (????) tribe. ps i really hope you read this and act on what i have said
trey thompson : a game with a familiar call back to the old boardgame risk. with resource management and exploration being the most essential part to early game dominance, it forces players to get close and personal with warfare in a medieval era style. i would give this game a five star if it wasnt for the fact you have to buy the other race choices rather than allowing them to be earned by gameplay and effort. overall i'd say this game has an average lifespan for any passing craze.
tom skullcity : a fantastic civilization lite game that takes an arcade approach to building an empire. the game itself has a limited length of play as a one player, but whenever i'm tired and bored on a long flight, this game is perfect for effortlessly wasting a couple of hours.
hugoo : a great game me and my friends picked up a while back and are still paying the different tribes are fun balanced and no 2 tribes are the same (except zebasi and imperious) simply because they star of with organisation skills that so the same thing the game is easy to pick up and free, although different tribes do cost money but you start of with 4 different tribes meaning you can still have fun and lots of variety in different matches without spending money. great game, looking forward to steam.
ahegao face : keep up the cool updates! this game is one of the best if not the best world domination games on mobile. add even bigger maps so we can play longer games! add more technologies! i'd love to see gunpowder introduced! also an alternate game mode with a new system where you use workers to improve land/build things, settlers to create cities, and currency (like civ) would make this my favorite mobile game. one of the biggest features needed is the ability to create alliances, peace, and ceasfires.
jonathan mahoney : fun game. overall quite enjoyable. i felt like it didn't provide me with enough motivation to keep going. i got first place at the hardest difficulty with all the free tribes. then what? buy other tribes? just keep trying to get more points. too bad the game isn't more captivating.
taha ali : this game is excellent but i wish it could save more stats like how many games have i won in multiplayer and against whom. also when you finish single player there should be an option to revisit stats that are shown on end screen.
michael meras : a really good stragety game would highly recommend really smooth and fun to play i would like to have options to more customize the games like more expensive tech ro slow the game or look like being able to make custom maps would be really cool i really enjoy the game and am excited to see where it goes
meng xiong : great game but may take some time getting use to. might be a bit expensive if you dont have playpass but fun. some are obviously stronger than others but vs bots, it shouldnt matter too much. great time killer. one of the better apps on android (best for me so far).
christopher ortega : i thoroughly enjoy this game. it is easy to play however a very rewarding strategy. the graphics are good, the subtle differences between the tribes are a fun mixture and the careful planning involved in playing is greatly appreciated. thank you kindly for a game that has brought a lot of joy to life.
kimon toufexis : lots of fun. simple. reminds me of the "age of....." pc games. ai could be a lottle more challenging. i havent played multi player yet but i really enjoyed the game. lots of things to discover. eventually stumble onto a couple of minor bugs but gj devs.
jacob stepp : i would love this game. i purchased a tribe to play with my friend, and it turns out the game is asynchronous. that's fine, except that when it's my turn, i do not receive any notification that lets me know. i have to constantly check the app hoping they have played. it's horrendous. i will happily raise my rating when this is fixed.
patrick samuel : i liked this game very much and it one of the few games i have actually kept on my phone for 2 years. alittle suggestion is maybe you guys could make it so we the players can creat our own maps?! either way it is a very enjoyable game and i am always looking forward to the next updates
simplebott : a great strategy game with no ads or fluff. simple straightforward concept a lot like civilization. the only gripe i have is that i wish there was a way to buy all the dlc civs at once instead of making a transaction for each one.
brandon bogisch : the game is really good with the exception of the hard difficulty against the ai being so ridiculous, that there is no point even trying to play it. other than that, my only issues are that you have to pay for all but 4 tribes and there are not larger map sizes.
mephistopheles sixpounder : kinda low polygon take on the civilization franchise but has a few unique twists. easy on battery, can be played for hours or for quick five minutes. enjoyable, addictive, offline play anywhere, anytime, save at any point. good game overall!
drew johnson : fun game. i just wish you could change a setting so the other tribes can't team up against you (same with letting them team up with you if you don't attack them). just gets frustrating that if a game goes long enough it eventually becomes impossible once you buy a tribe and add more opponents to the game. i also wish i knew there's no matchmaking system before i bought a tribe. also the healers and really op. all good though, happy to support a fun game.
drakon beyond : i found this video game really addictive, once you start playing it and you are familiar with the controls and the game strategy, you won't stop playing it. it is a bit annoying that you are not able to play with other tribes for free, but it is still an excellent game. i think that it is worth to pay for the other tribes, specially the special ones.
jake quirit : played it and it awesome! a really great game. still open for more possible innovation in the future i hope. like you could offer alliances with other clan or there are disasters that would likely happen in the map like avalanches or tsunamis. that surely would make the game a lot strategic to play.
zlyuk : exceptional turn based strategy game. simple enough not to consume much time (30 turns high score) game mode available to conquest mode available > 30 mins game play. i really hope that a larger maps would be added with tribe unique technologies available in the tech tree.
codenamehalf : the battle of ploytopia is an exellent strategy game that i would highly recomment if you haven't tried it. another thing i really have to praise the developers for is how they dont bombard you with ads and ridiculus in game purchases. you can still choose to support them by buying a tribe which also unlocks the feature of online multiplayer.
ricky calabro : it's unfortunate that there's no basic tutorial to show you how to score points, or do anything. the only guidance you have when you start a new game is to score the most points. i was stuck touching random objects, trying to figure out how to score points, for at least ten minutes. i gave up and uninstalled the game after that.
keith n : this game is just perfect to pass time of you need to. you can stop the game if you need to and come back later. you can make it as hard or easy as your mood. you only pay of you want to buy a new tribe and they are inexpensive to buy. i like it because i feel i can pass time with it or challenge myself.
quentin talamantes : i liked the creative version where you can kind of play custom maps but i've noticed recently that no matter type of map i set it to it always creates the map as continents. it's kind of a let down especially when i like to play other maps suchs as water worlds.
cory : this game has styyyyle. from the different art per tribe, to unique tech tree screen music, there is a lot of good here. multiplayer is great. having multiple games going at the same time with friends is the way to go.
paolo : hello! normally i'd love to give 5 stars, but there's a bug since the last update where the custom map is stuck on the continents option. every other option works fine, but it is quite tedious just playing on continents repeatedly. hopefully you guys get around to patching this out!
patrick raverty : great strategy game. my friends have found 1 bug where where 1 or more of us will be destroyed before turn 0. this usually only happens with 7+player games(on largest map) i'd also like to see an additional game type of team based domination. 2v2 3v3 2vall etc...
christopher williams : new review: up to 4 stars! ad free!!!! games with less opponents seem to stack multiple enemies right next to you more often than not. super annoying!!!! games with 7+ seem to be more crowded in general, so it's far more even. the tribe balance can be rough on more difficult settings. kickoo and bardur are great. yadakk and aimo are rough starts. the special tribes are super fun so far and unique. i am excited to try them out on harder settings. i feel a canal and bigger tech tree would be fun.
keith schnabel : simply the best mobile civilization game. beautiful, fast-paced, and accessible. i wish i could pay $5 for a full version rather than buying one playable tribe at a time, but i appreciate that these microtransactions are not irritating. no ads, either!
sven : i think you should add a license verification for the game because it can be easily modified. (tried it once, deleted it immediately and reinstalled the original ver. *it's for testing purposes* sorry) also found out that the latest special tribe is op so modifying the game and unlocking it with no money used is unfair to others that actually bought in-game stuff. so pls add something to prevent others who are cheating...
andy cole : i am repeatedly experiencing an annoying bug - if i conquer a city that i had already built a road to before conquering it, i lose 1 populatiom (red square) instead of gaining one (blue square). please fix! (without the bug - great game, one of the best cell phone games ever.)
justin nicholson : it's fun, single player is fast paced. multiplayer games is slow at times and can last days, it's inevitable and having multiple games at once makes up for it. the microtransactions are short and sweet, one and done.
somewhere special property management sspm : this game is very fun and is good for all ages, i personally had a lot of fun playing with my friends and family. really a great game. though i would like you guys to add kickoo to the starting tribes and make a larger tech tree. i would also like for a campaign mode to be added to the game, i think this would be very fun and furthermore improve the game, i hope to see these things added in the near future.
taran romers : really nice game, if you grew up with age of empires but never were any good at it, this is your chance. turn based, the tech tree is pretty good and the gameplay is intuitive. the only thing i would like is to be able to buy all tribes(including future ones in one bundle preferably)
fraser secret : i would give it 5 stars but for the major structural issues with online multiplayer. player 1 gets a huge advantage with starting position almost every time. victory virtually guaranteed. it's hard to believe this hasn't been addressed yet. it makes online multiplayer unenjoyable.
tedi tola : woa. felt good feeling the civilization vibes with a sophisticated, clean and satisfying mobile game. just amazing! i think most games are not worth taking your precious time, but this, this really is worth it. an intriguing strategy. bravo! the only thing is that, even though it is fun, it gets a bit boring if you play many games in a row. so, my wishes stand by an update with map editor, new units with unique custom skills (and attack/hp) for each tribe. that would make all people more happy:)
t hartog : it is a good game. i play often with friends, and when you're getting into it and you need to wait for your turn it gets very addictive. but that is where my problem lies. it has happened twice so far that i play with friends and that a friend completed his turn and im supposed to play. but on my phone it tells me that it is still his turn. and on his device it tells me it is my turn. so noone can play anymore and the whole thing stagnate. is there any way to get around this?
d kukreti : it is great but at least we should have a choice to choose more enemies without paying for them insted of only three. also there should be another way of unlocking the regular tribes, like coins from battles.
marlene juan : this game is very fun. but there are a few things that bothers me. first of all there are only 4 tribes that you can play for free, meaning you have to pay to play the different tribes. secondly you need to buy a tribe in order to play multiplayer which is kind of sad. i had high hopes when i saw the multiplayer button but was dissapointed in the result. other than that this game is really fun and challenging. i really hop you could add more free tribes for us to play and make multiplayer free.
aaron fidelis : it was fun, with the exception that a few major bugs appeared. on my version of the game, it refused to go online even if i had mobile data on. please fix this, i really want to buy another tribe and play the multiplayer online version!!!
k barkla : this is what all mobile games should aspire to be; it's a game that relys on strategy and planning over paid advantages or blind luck. not that there aren't unlucky situations (namely map generation) or the ability to buy more specialist tribes but these give no objective advantage. a charming art style and music makes the game extremely endearing and easy on the senses. also a passionate community but i would love a modding option on the menu like the steam workshop.
stephany beast : bought a tribe on this app for 2.99 one of their premium one, wouldn't work unless i logged out of all of my other google accounts and was only logged in with the one that i made the purchase with. now even that doesn't work, can't even restore the purchase, even though i'm using the same google play account. this is unacceptable, i want my money back !
thiago moreira : great game, exceptionally, but, it would be better if had a map more big, more tribes, more constructions, etc. this game lacks more creativity and funny, i could give any ideias for you, how types or tribes, up until the mode of attacks for exemples. but this game has a error that to load a map, it stay "loading world" forever
mrgunslinger44 : i absolutely love this game! reminds me of playing sid myers civ 5 on xbox, i enjoy playing the offline mode but would really enjoy to see an actual online feature maybe? because tbh i really dont have friends who'd wanna play this lol but if we can get a multiplayer i'll change to 5 stars! keep up the good work!!
isaiah davis : the game is great!. gameplay, style, and everything overall just plays really well. unfortunately you cant play multiplayer untill a small fee of .99 cents is paid (worth it in my opinion). and a note to the devs i suggest a patreon or a go fund me cause id certainly pay. understandably this small time studio truly deserves the recognition
dallas : its a very good game, turn based combat like civ but small scaled. only problem is that you are stuck with 4 tribes to play with. if you want more tribes you have to pay for them. don't like that system for paying for more tribes, if they can be unlocked then yes but not paid.
antisocial potatoqueen : i'm giving it a 4 because its a great game, would be a 5, but i puchased the aquarion skin before redowloading the app on my new phone. my rating still has aquarian data, but the skin is locked. i don't want to repurchase it!!!! help!
james peters : horrible difficulty options. there's so much i love about this game, but in the end i can't enjoy playing it due to the ridiculous difficulty jump between normal and hard. normal is so easy there's no challenge, hard is so ridiculous they're no point playing. i don't enjoy having both enemy tribes destroying me from land and sea from both directions while i've barely researched archers.
lochlan crawford : i love this game! very simple and enjoyable. although i wish i could unloch some characters without paying. maybe have like the faster you win perfection or just doing domination you earn points. also it would be pretty nice if you could make alliances. otherwise great game!
jovan nikolic : the game is really good and the consept is very interesting, however, the game limits you with having only four free tribes. i feel like the problem could be resolved by unlocking the multiplayer mode for f2p players, or by adding more free tribes. thank you for listening, dear game devs.
david ruiz : it's the best app/ game. i have one thing tho can you make it so you can negotiate like treaties or give gifts for friendship it would make the game a lot more interesting. if you see comments on how you have to pay to do multiplayer it's true but i found that it was definitely worth it plus you get a tribe for less than a dollar!!
dylan updegrave : the best game i've ever played on mobile. gameplay is like a simplified age of empires. there's no ads, no pay-to-win, anything you do pay for is super cheap (typically $0.99), and it has tons of replayability.
levi carr : i've enjoyed this game more so than any mobile game in a long time. it's kind of like chess, and battle of catan. i like the randomness of new maps and the complexity of building your skill tree and capturing new villages, and harvesting resources efficiently
hylir : this is like one of the few free mobile games that isn't just designed to make as much money as possible, but rather to be a good game with optional one time purchases that don't even cost much at all. also it's way fun, especially if you have a friend to play with. i absolutely love this game and have bought all the tribes, it is definitely worth it.
ace the master : it's a fun game, but i find it kind of annoying how the only way to unlock different starter tribes is to pay for them. the maps can feel small, i wish they were bigger so i could have more large scale battles.
ray robertson : its really good. i off and on have issues however where i cant connect to internet server for multiplayer in spite of having no connection problems, and the only way i get it to work again is reinstalling the app. brilliant strategy game, though.
gee dee : my favourite app on my phone. fun, sleek design. excellent difficulty levelling. and best of all, you don't have to pay to play. there are other races you can buy, but the game is still playable and a lot of fun without them. i bought them because this game doesn't try to force you to pay, and i wanted to give them my money. i've had this game for years now. love it!
robert : ok so you know the creative mode you should have the ability to do cpu vs cpu so you can just watch them duke it out that sounds like fun to me. and it's 4 stars because i like this game for the pass and play mode when i'm on a trip or something but when we have no internet we can't play with our carecters that's really the only problem with this game.
joshua asplen : this is a fantastic strategy game. i like how there's no bs and no pay-to-win against online players. you only purchase additional characters if you want them. i definitely recommend trying it if you're a fan of turn-by-turn strategy games.
anormal user : this is an amazing game which i never seem to get bored of. the prices of other tribes is extremely cheap and it's easy to learn. the only thing i wish was added was an option to have a little preview of a map before you start a game.
devon sarzynski : i am very displeased with the game at the moment because i just bough all of the characters and in not even 2 days it locked them again like the transaction never happen. but i do enjoy the game i wish o could get help on my situation (after fixing situation) i enjoy the way the game plays but would love to see what more the game can offer.
evan astle : i love this game. its not perfect, but its a good way to spend time and its really fun with friends. i just wish there were bundles to buy all of the cultures at once for a small discount. i would have spent more money on this game if it didn't feel like i was being nickel and dimed for each new culture.
daniel rance : would be 5 star but the ai is in desperate need of work. the only remotely challenging mode is expert and it's stupid because the ai still make poor decisions constantly and it is only hard because they team up on you. they shouldn't team it's stupid and means you often just die off the start but they should just make smarter decisions like choosing to expand over population or not just building shrines
truly dual charts : this is everything a mobile game should be. like a compacted version of (the legendary) settlers 2 with a big dose of civilisation thrown in. the time & effort that went into this is evident from the gameplay to the style, every tribe has it's unique tune. there is a learning curve, & to get top marks with any tribe you will have to play on "crazy" difficulty. there are 4 tribes to start & then you pay for the others. not an insane cost but if you buy all the tribes it's going to add up.
jirel esposito : awesome and addicting game that i can actually play with friends irl. but for a suggestion, in the tech tree can you change the trade technology with "diplomacy". i would imagine that diplomacy will allow you to add government plazas to better control your cities as well as allow you to actually trade with other civilizations and forge alliances. and maybe after "shields" technology can you add another defensive technology like maybe adding armor and building walls outside the city for defense
ryan stewart : a really awesome game. but it would really be nice if it were possible to unlock the other characters with some sort of currency. i mean i understand that you guys got to make a living and stuff but i mean if it were difficult i would still play the game a lot just to unlock the other characters.
jacob.bergeron : one of, if not, the best game i've played. altough there is a lack of content, once you can defeat the crazy difficulty. there is no confirmation that once you buy the extra stuff you will have a lot more to do either.
j b : i really, realy enjoy this game. every playthrough is different and the whole concept is really enjoyable. can't wait for the global multiplayer to be finsihed! just would like the option to become allies witn other tribes, especially in perfection mode. thank you for making such an awesome game.
taliesin burton : amazing game, like a simplified age of empires, but it's deleted all my paid characters during an update, hence the 2 stars. would easily be a 5 if this problem is sorted. edit* would also like to add excellent customer survice.
david medina : this is an incredible mobile game. it has everything i've been looking for! all i'd ask is for bigger maps, since playing on a 324 tile map with 9 opponents becomes almost impossible sometimes, even on normal mode.
jeren suen : i really enjoy the game! it is very strategic and carefully planned out. but my baby brother accidentally bought the vengir tribe, and for some reason the restore button dosent work . i hope they can fix this asap as now i had to waste abit more money to buy the polaris tribe and was stuck playing vengir for a very long time. thank you:)
a google user : this is i great game for those who enjoy a quick strategy game. i have been looking for a game like this for over a month and i am very pleased to find this game. you have only two game modes but they you can make the time last as long as you want. if the developers read this please make it free to play against more then just the 4 beggining tribes. and make so we dont have to pay for more challenge. other then that, this has been a great expierince. creators pales keep it up and i hope the best
blitz : i love this game and i've been waiting for this. only issue is that you can still only have 12 actual people for pass and play. i would like to do be able to have all 15 available tribes controlled by players rather than have 3 be played by a really bad ai. if this can get changed. 5/5
greg zemby : amazing game that's has enough intrigue and is simple enough for everyone no matter the age. also is educational in the terms of civilization so great game. only issue i have are the special races because it kills the experience for me but that's not something worth removing a star over. great game and maybe have an option to buy all the civs plz
mackensie swanholm : great game over all, i have not payed for muildplayer but honesty thinking about it. i've seen that polytopia is comming to steam, will it be free and if so will we have to pay for muildplayer if you are going to do that i would recommend give the mulidplayer for free and giving the players the ability to host servers and to make money having dlc tribes well having a way to show support for the game like the steam game unturned where you have the the option to buy a gold additon
faidat agoro : this is the absolute best game in history as the research menu is easy to understand and the game is pretty straightforward. i still like the game but i wouldn't buy the new tribes as i don't think it's quite worth it as the first skins are okay.
santiago riess : great game from my perspective. classic simple 4x with lots of tribes to choose from with their different strengths and weaknesses, which lets you find your preffered playstyle. no ads and multiplayer is only 1 buck, + you get a cool tribe! community is also friendly & welcoming, definitely worth it. oh and also, it's got some banger music.
quinton maxfield : it's like civilization but kinda watered down i've enjoyed they experience as it takes alot less time to actually play a game then civilization. only complaint is you cant have more than 3 enemies without buying other tribes and that is rather upsetting in multiplayer this isn't an issue but it is in singleplayer.
nut job : the games overall concept is solid but i have to charge it a star for the sheer amount of content locked behind a paywall and another star for charging for multiplayer. other than that great game(ai seems to progress a bit fast though).
grant allan : i love it. i do online games with my friends all the time. on a different note, have you guys considered adding a pillager unit? a unit that destroys enemy buildings and gives you stars? it could give people a chance in the late game even if they're outmatched.
pixie bird : i loved this game and played it almost every day for a week until i found out that you have to pay real money to get any other tribes than the original four. i wasn't that invested in the game to be willing to pay for any of the other tribes so the game got boring fast. in my opinion, the game is too simple a concept to justify spending money on it but it still is a fun game and great for passing the time.
a familia : amazing! it's super cute and there are so many different strategies and skills! there is a pretty good selection of starting tribes, and other tribes are only 0.99 anyway! (except for the special tribes, but those are worth it i think) really great and i could play it for hours! online and pass and play are also really great :)
danail slavov : very good game but excellence mode should be longer, at least 40 turns. with only 30, the game ends when i'm just begining having fun. also, some more victory conditions would be great, apart from straightforward destruction.
catherine winter : the game is amazing! perfect combo of strategy and culture - you can choose to go either way - would be 5stars if not for the amphibians (i know thats not how its spelt) starting position, just a personal grumble obviously but i really dont like how they seem to be the only tribe to start wothout any tech, but also dont get any extra stars, all the other tribes look amazing though and tbh thats the only issue i have with the amphibions (and it hasnt stopped me from winning a few games haha)
justin kelly : fun for a little bit. it's like ultralight civilization. once you get the tech tree figured out the game is dead. you can only do so many 30 rounds for high score, before the effort outweighs the who cares, on a throw away gamw.
ricky melchor : it's a good game its easy to control and the graphics are good. but i wish that you guys would make one of the tribes that cost money free so people who don't like or can't pay can play one more after playing with the other 4 that are free and you should make one of the three special tribes free as well. i hope you can add a thing were you can make allies or peace when you are at war.
a google user : the game should get some upgrades such as different skill tree for the different tribes, better multiplayer opportunitys, costume playarea and so on. however i found it really enjoyable even if one game takes a little too long and the skill tree is limited to specialize your playstyle. thanks for the awesome experience!
joe hilgard : perfect little strategy game for mobile. like civilization bared down for point-and-click with just the right turn limit. and the monetization is not obnoxious, just a buck or three to try a new faction. very impressive!
john lorenz lagata : need to pay real money to be able to play the multi-player mode. that's a great way to have fast profit. but if you want your game to be at a higher level why not make some of the civilizations purchasable through leveling up or players earning in-game coins or whatever currency you want to buy their choice of civilization. as soon as this game gets popular you can add seasonal battle pass, skins, and such. i can really tell the potential for this game to grow; organizing tournaments and so on.
kyle bague : an excellent short strategy game. a bit confusing at first but you pick up what things do from the info bubbles by each upgrade. was hoping for a long term adventure game but it wasn't my cup of tea. great game regardless!
cameron white : it's a great game, but the lack of tutorial and bluetooth multiplayer is staggering for many. everything else is on point. i really love the polygonal art style and the sounds and music.
crucillus thorn : you have a great app here, but add in an actual map maker. it would be incredibly simply with this format. and adjust the crazy ai. they've pulled off impossible stunts and almost always gang up against you in the middle of the map for no good reason. there's a difference between "challenging" and "unfair". put in the map maker. let people create their own challenges.
alex wheeler : first of all, i love the game. i played a few years ago and am trying to get back into it now so i can play with my girlfriend. unfortunately the servers are so problematic that i can't even purchase anything to unlock online multiplayer. the server issues really need to be dealt with. i am trying to support you devs but the servers are so bad that i can't even do that.
michael gagnon : finally, a game that feels like age of empires and advanced wars combined. i love the randomly generated maps. it makes the game replayable. map creation in the future would be awesome. thanks! :d
smiley smiley : very good. perfect entertainment. very simple yet enjoyable. i just hope that you add an undo button to undo moves, as long as the fog of war is not affected or that the turn is not yet passed.
venator x : i love your game, however i have a small request for the next patch. please implement some sort of chat function for multiplayer games(instant messager and voice). the game is great, but struggles to load and switch windows even if to simply reply to a text. no complaints due to the obviously quality and smoothness of game in app. i think this could also even make the game further suited for professional competitive mobile play. thank you for your consideration. long live polytopia! <3
mike blake : fantastic game, really well designed and simple to learn but with enough depth to keep you busy for hours. the iaps are not needed to enjoy the game for a while, but after a week or two you'll probably want to move on our part about a dollar for each new tribe. personally i would have preferred to pay 3-4 dollars for the whole game.
samuel new : best turn based strategy you can get on mobile hands down. mecahnically simple to pick up and learn but it has more complicated strategies with the many different civilizations you can master the more you play. multiplayer is also a blast, best $2 i've ever spent.
bernt bauchnabel : i really love the game but there's a big problem that bugs me, the game crashes now on pass and play when it's the turn of the next player. this ruins the experience to me since i want to have a smooth experience to just play strategically with many armies on a interesting war field, if you control the players, it increases what you could do with your creativity. edit: it's now not more hapening lol, apparently after reinstalling it again for the 5th time in total, ty
cheesebeer : this game is very good. i am not mad that i have to pay to play with other tribes because money doesn't grow on trees. you made this game simple so everybody is able to play but i think it would be very good if you could make it even more complicated. everybody will still play the game because there will be a simple mode and another mode that will the complicated one. you can name strategy mode or something like that. i hope you read my paragraph about the game and keep it in mind.
shane : this game is really buggy bruh edit: k now so there also other things 1. the end turn tab just randomly appears this also happens in other tabs when clicking troops, buildings, and others as well. 2. the tabs sometimes appears as a glitchy tab 3. need more maps 4. need some changes of the appearance of the tribes. 5. more differet kinds of troops. 6. local multiplayer. 7. just do it
reilly rigsby : great game, i just wish there was more things to do, and maybe more ways to get new tribes without paying money. i understand the need for a game to generate revenue and that you guys are working really hard on it but it gets repetitive and boring with only four options. thank you!
thyn aelen : great game because: -no ads -multiplayer (incl pass&play) -lots of mechanics and things you can do allowing for some advanced strats -easy to learn but hard to master -the tribes are really well balanced -the bright and colourfull graphics make you happy just looking at them lesser things: -there should be more free tribes or make them less expensive -the differnce between en easy and normal mode is to big(its good for the others btw)
mackenzie mitchell : the tutorial is awful, offers minimal instruction and throws you into the game expecting you to figure it out yourself. other than that, it's a great time killer, though it doesn't require a whole lot of strategy.
cole desjardins : single player this game is great! online i ran into a few hiccups i can't build a temple without crashing the game and when it resets i lose the stars i spent but lose all the perks it brings to the city and the land i built it on cause the temple stays up.
adam graham : have bought all the tribes and don't regret it one bit. an actual strategy game without constant pay to win. reminds me kinda of a simpler version of civ, similar levels of strategy but not as many mechanics. really fun single player and there are great communities for multiplayer on discord. best game i have on my phone. keep up the good work!
man-spider : amazing game, the game is quite difficult in the crazy and hard settings and is very well made. however it would be very interesting to see new additions to the overall skill tree maybe some different terrain based stats or something equally as fun
jonathan monarrez : this game needs a better tutorial. apart from that, you can absolutely lose hours in the day playing this game, its addictive, fun, and no 2 games ever play alike. a new experience every time.
lawrence hon : i give the battle of polytopia because it is absolutely rigged. as you keep ending turns to get more stars to actually do anything, the other tribes are bringing out so many horses and upgrading like crazy. aside from gameplay, it's very laggy, like in every way.
j be : one of the last "free to play" quality strategy games on the app store. no annoying ads or in-app purchases preventing your from being immersed for hours. found this app by accident and couldn't get my eyes off the screen during a 6h flight. great experience
pat tyler : fantastic game. more than enough fun to enjoy it without buying extra civilizations, and enough fun to warrant buying more civilizations and support the developers. would be nice to have more features, like scenarios, maybe some lore about the world / civilizations, etc.
chickon : very fun, good strategy. i love how you have to research certain troops, and items to upgrade your cties. but, the knight is a little overpowerd because it can one-shot any enemie below twelve-ish health. i think there should be a tech that allows you to make alliances with other tribes, that would make more like the big rts' by paradox and other developers. very good game though.
meow mix : game is excellent. would be better if we could pick teams (i.e.) 2v2 2v4 etc.. would also love to be able to use and build fixed maps. lastly, i would like an ultra difficulty because crazy is getting really easy =d
meaghan palmer : this is a great strategy game that is easy to learn. i have put this app on my phone when ever i am look for a fun game to play. the matches do take awhile to play but they are quite fun. after awhile the game does become repetitive but after not playing it for a few months it is always fun to come back to.
christopher whittle : it's such a good game, however after coming back to it, it won't work. everytime i get to the 'choose your tribe' page, once i click a tribe everything freezes, i can he the background music playing but nothing happens, i have to force close it after that.
coolguynotfoolguy : very good game, can be played competitively and casually with others. really my only complaint is that i wish there was a few more updates for balance but i know that the devs are trying. also, i definitely think there should be a team battle mode, but apparently a lot of features (such as mirror matches) are coming in the steam version. they also have a discord where you can get steam beta keys currently for winning contests! very good model to keep people somewhat active
elya martin : *edit* thank you for listening and updating the game, i can now play it again, and i love it!!! i've played this before and loved it but i redownloaded it and there is a huge glitch. can't choose a tribe to start gameplay, so i randomised it but in the actual game i can't do anything. i'm clicking on stuff and nothing is happening. pretty sad.
kel brake : this game great and all, but i have a suggestion, add a cease-fire opinion to end games in multiplayer. add a technology route to where there's a negotiator that has 1hp and does 0 damage, if both sides have a negotiator on the square then both sides can agree on cease fire/peace, since wars irl don't always end in the taking of land or death, there is a thing called mercy. just a thing i thought of, this game is awesome, i would support the developers if i could. thanks for making it!
shiny duckling gaming : great game! lots of fun solo, or with friends! the gameplay is self explanatory, and the game drops hints if they're needed, the concept allows for massive replayability, and the differing tribes allows for more diversity of playstyle
the hunter : favorite mobile game tied with god's of olympus! i've wasted hours on this game, and love it. i've bought every tribe on mobile and pc! i've had the mobile game for a few years now, and am very happy with how its grown. i recommend it to anyone who enjoys a game that you can play both casually and very seriously. it has simple, yet complex mechanics. which is strange because once you understand them its easy to grasp but at first its a bit confusing! great game nonetheless
one legged sleeping mantis : after playing with bots for a long time, i noticed a pattern in how the ai moves that it can be easily defeated by just doing the right moves. after knowing this, i keep winning and its kinda boring... can you update their difficulty?
ryan broadhurst : terrible. i have been trying to create a game for a while. i hit new game select a tribe their music plays but nothing happens the screen just stays there. had such promise but can't give more than one star as it doesn't work at all. update: i manager to get into a game and wow i'm even more unhappy the most unresponsive thing ever. i try to upgrade tech and it just flashes the info before just going ahead with it, select the units to move is also a nightmare. it's honestly appaling.
inquisitor matheus : excellent! the game as right now is pretty good, but there is a lot of potential to get better. diplomacy will be added and just to give more flavor to the normal tribes, they could have an unique super unit instead of everyone having the giant. the giant could be unique just for the bardur and imperious could have legionaire that could have a special ability.
wolfegirl 1234 : i really like this game, but i think it would be fun if there was an ally system where you can befriend certain kingdoms and help each other when fighting and stuff! it would be cool if you could trade stuff too! good game!!
general ironbeak : unplayable. before the huge update that added so many features, this was my favourite game; practically lag-free, and extremely enjoyable, the sort of thing i could play over and over. since the update the game is completely unplayable from the amount of lag; i have tried on different accounts and different phones, but it seems unless you're playing this on a pc you can't enjoy it any more.
nate dodson : this game is epic. there are many tactics and the skill tree. you can become allies or kill everyone. the maps are randomly generated, so its diffrent each time. i wish they made a bundle for all the extra tribes instead of buying all them individually. please do that
dra : okay so i often do not give reviews for games since i am very limited on data and wifi but i can't help it this games deserves so much it is amazing i mean how could you not like it. thank you so much for this game. what i really like about the game is how it is offline another is how the turn based gameplay is the graphics are great and there are very cute little characters. i am going to put it into a couple words. addicting, very very fun, best game ever created honestly i love it thank you
o'steen family : game is extremely fun. one recommendation i have is mabye creating a "creative mode" to where you can be one or multiple tribes and play the game the same but have infinite moves and dont have to worry about attacks(unless you make 2 tribes fight) and can also choose square size
lulu valdez : the single player is great. multiplayer is buggy. i did all the requirements for multiplayer and it still refused to connect me to the server. if you could fix this bug that would be great
james merritt : a absolutely good game with all the cool features the only one i hope you guys add too the game is custom maps + battle grounds cause that would look and be so cool the do for each tribe. it'd be complicated but i think it'd work out well.
meow meow suckafish : great game but i think that i cool idea for a update would be a ship can have more than 1 person on it. because if one of your men is stranded on an island out of your reach, that you cant get them. a ship that can pick people up would be great. otherwise great game! totally recommend.
murasaki rin : honestly it's really fun. i've been playing for years now and have all the tribes. the pricing is fare, there are no pop up ads, it runs great, and the developers have managed to create a really cool and unique community around this game (something you don't really see anymore). i love how different each and every tribe is (even non special class tribes). i can't recommend enough. p.s. polaris is my personal favorite.
chikndoodlesoup : the game is cool for puzzling and action, this game is so addictive once you play, you can play with friends so that you can fun, they have tribes that have different abilites too. once you play it's fun, this needs to be an editors choice game. i request one thing though, can you make it that 1% chance that in ruins, you can see all the land in a game and recieve the eye of god. thanks for the good game!
s f : october update broke map size scale. the map is now limited to 324 tiles only. this is fine for 4 opponents but not at all fun if you want to have more opponents on the map. considering the game allows 10 opponents but will no longer scale the map to fit that many opponents, i would say its broken.
sindre havn : greate game but the with the random map generator the outcome of the game is too much based on your spawn. would love if it where a bit more balanced, and also a bit larger techtree and unique resorces like wood, mineral, live stock etc instead of just one
john smith : fun enough to make me want to spend money on the game. micro transactions let you play as different tribes and play with more people at once in single player, but buying tribes is completely optional and isn't overpowered. multi-player is also supported. no ads!
milad dilmaghani : i still love this game and would rate it 5 stars, but after the latest update, i cannot use the tribes i have bought unless i connect to the internet which is really annoying!! this is new behaviour, and i don't appreciate it. fix this and i will rate it at 5 stars again. update: the issue has been fixed. i'm happy to rate it the 5 stars it deserves.
brian mcclenahan : my first impression was i liked it but i have been burned on games before so i decided to check the replies. i can confirm that higher levels of difficulty doesn't mean smarter choices by the computer but literally all tribes against you. in no way does that make sense. i have since then uninstalled the game and will not be buying anything from these developers.
jephree avalon : love it. the only thing i want is larger maps and the ability to use a smaller amount of tribes on larger maps. i think it would be challenging to fight bigger tribes later so you can build up longer before you meet another tribe. please!
idk :0 : this game is super fun but the characters are limited compared to all the ones you could buy. as well as this, the maps are small and once you have gotten used to the skill tree then you realise how just filler some of the stuff is
de'andre evans : i would make this game a five star but because i cant buy any of the the villages it constantly says "something is wrong on our end" can someone fix that. otherwise the game is fun and i like playing it with my friends when i get bored its always so fun to see who is going to win and who is going ro dominate . just please fix something so i can buy villages.
young : overall one of the best turn based games i've played. one request, please refund me, i tried to purchase the quetzali civ and it charged me 3 times (2.97) and i still don't have the civ unlocked. the game itself is amazing and i'm hooked!
gareth hibbs : a good concept, just one but. a big fan if civ so this appealed to me and its a cool game and good execution. perhaps more in-depth info available in game? such as what the abilities do, instead of having to work them out on the fly. my only gripe is i happily paid the 89p or whatever to access "online multiplayer" and only after found out there was no matchmaking system. i understand its about getting players linked via the specific code they get, but just that is wasnt explained
rafael lucas carvalho : simply put: amazing game, i've been waiting so long for something like this on mobile, an amazing single player experience, the local single player is a simple yet great idea and i'm surely buying one of the other tribes (which are very affordable) therefore looking forward to play the multilayer!
chris wells : excellent game. a simplified civ game on mobile. got a couple hours to kill at the airport? letting your partner play on the pc? need to challenge your friends and not a fan of rock, paper, scissors? drop in on team vengir and have some fun.
cliff judge : decent game but poor difficulty scaling. you will be confused at first, then totally addicted to easy and normal levels. finally you are tired of playing at easy and normal, so ypu try hard and crazy and win so seldom that you dont like the game anymore.
82pigs heroes : politopia is a great game! you get to build an army of troops and send them into an epic battle. its sic when you get super giants and launch them into the game after upgrading your cities. its annoying you have to purchase a tribe before you play multiplayer though.(the ais get a bit boring).
nicholas bennett : i love the diversity of each of the playable cultures. artistcally, each tribe has a cool and unique look. it's a simple yet very fun strategy game, reminiscent of the pc real time strategy games we all love. would love to see more game modes or add-ons later!
athan barnard : the game really fun you play with your friends if you buy a character guess you only get four but you get four free you can play with bots and customize it customizations gone upgrade it's even funnier now and you can play with your friends offline with pass and play and online with i forget the name of all around it's really fun and there's single player
arthur carmona : love this game, but it skipped my turn twice when i was playing multiplayer, which made me lose the game. it's happened to my brothers as well. please fix this issue, because otherwise, this game deserves 5 stars!
richard : id have to say this game has come a long way. first, as a base game, it is a unique turn based that has you never bored. after awhile, i played this game and i asked, where is the multiplayer? i in fact bought a tribe (quetzali) and i was quickly disappointed without actual matchmaking. but, i engaged with the discord and had a good time. now with moonrise, the game is in the best state. amazing game
linnaeus osm : really really fun, kind of addicting. tons of ways to go about things too. my last playthrough i put a bunch of giants in battleships and invaded everyone by sea newcomers: the first game will have a turn limit but after you win once, you can get more game modes
justice hemming : great turn-based strategy game that you can played offline. its got a tech tree, with conquest victory. lots of replayability, ingame purchases are only for new races, still cheap and worth every penny.
dabid : my second favourite mobile game with great replayability.. my favourite game is datawing but it is a short and lovely experience with low replayability. this game offers decent length battles with lovely graphics and design and best of all there are no ads. a masterpiece of mobile apps.
m bob : i love this game so much. but i've noticed it has stopped saving my high scores on perfecton mode. so there's no incentive for me to keep playing as i have no latest score to beat. fix this and i'll change it to 5 stars
ant w : personally, i love this game. it's like risk but adds an element of strategy with different troops and uniqueness with its interesting art design. it is one of my favourite offline games and anyone who enjoys turn-based strategy should try it
louieplant : i absolutely love this game! it's a game of strategy and wit, which makes it interesting and fun to play, alon with the creative tribes and cute characters, makes it a awsome strategy game to play. definetly recommend it for all ages. could you guys make another polytopia game but in a world war ll or 1700s setting cause that would be awesome.
aaron delong : i think this game is great. all you have to do is spend a couple dollars and you can do so many things. the only problem is that once i got better than the crazy bots i really cant lose so i just wish that they would make another difficulty for the bots. aside from that this game is really fun and its very big on strategy.
top cheems : i love this game it's really fun... but one day after an update i randomly lost 2 tribes.... kikoo and yaddak. i gave this a 4 star as a game just because it costs money to buy tribes instead of unlocking them and playing really hard challenges. i want there to be a feeling of accomplishment and not just spending 20 dollars on this game. over all really good game. i just hate in app purchases.
a google user : the controls are awesome the graphics are awesome. everything is awesome no ads just amazing but!!! you need to pay to play multiplayer and that really makes me mad i love the games but you have pay to play multiplayer why do this too me game??? if i wanted to pay i would but thats forcing me to pay cause i whanted to play multiplayer so i only rate 2 stars for half the game ill rate 5 if you make multiplayer available for full game give the people what they downloaded the game for plzz!!!!!!!!!
that_ n25 : this is an amazing game i've been playing it for a long time and its still one of my favorites, but i think there should be more tribe variation so the units and buildings look different instead of just color coding them.
niles black : multiplayer online took it to a new level. still has some kinks that need to be worked out (your opponent can just ghost for a month, no penalty?) and probably needs an elo rating for matchmaking, but solidly 5+ stars in every aspect, regardless.
bragais dexter : best game ever! so to whoever reads this comment i recommend you guys to download this amazing appp! good gameplay. but could you add more things on the game? like levels and progress. more troops like warballoons and champions or heroes. make your maps bigger and wider. add new buildings in each tribes and put an economical gameplay. new maps that we could buy. in game money, add new tech tree that'll let your tribe befriends with others. thats all you did a very good job guys keep it up
benjamin holcomb : this game is fantastic. it has excellent gameplay. the way they monetize is unobtrusive and fair. there's no ads and it's not constantly prompting you for in app purchases. no gimmicks, just a great game.
michael richards : i like strategy games and while this looks simplistic, i have likey put more time into this game then any on my phone. i just wish it was not so expensive to add new tribes. it's way too much for what is basically a re-skin.
ky s. : this game is very enjoyable. it's easy to learn, and the graphics are enjoyable. my only complaint is online play. in order to play online, you have to buy at least one tribe, and a lot of people dont want to spend money on something so unneeded. it it werent for this complaint, i'd give the game an easy 5 star
jack daniels : easily one of the best titles on mobile. if you're remotely interested in strategy, its a must own. immense value. you're given 4 tribes to use for free against bots. for ~$ 1.00+ (usd) you could purchase any tribe and have access to multiplayer. mulitplayer. i *have not* tested with more, dont know if thats an option, but 4 player multiplayer! extremely easily to play but plenty of depth to sink your teeth into. come play today!
noel oleg : the only reason not 5 is because i think there should be more characters to play with and more options for maps such as islands, all land map, one river straight down the map map, you know what i mean. i hope you guys can create a new one or make a sick update also, i think you should think about adding chat options when you interact with other characters like ' potential for a temporary democracy' type of thing if you know what i mean. instead of just a free gift from them. be creative plz
ryan ignacio : i really like the game, although for some reason i got charged twice for buying the special tribe and still bot able to play it. restarted the apps many times and phone still not able to play the tribe i bought. friendly reminder, its not wise buying anything this game as it will just charge you and you won't be able to play it.
jacob casey : this game is great. i have probably spent a few dozen hours on this game and i loved every second of it. it's simple, somewhat cartoony, but strategic, and the concept is dope. 10/10 would recommend. playing with friends is sick too
a google user : fun game. the game reminds me of my love of chess. the game could receive more updates improving the strategy. this game has multiplayer, but it has to be paid for and you can only play with your friends. to resolve the hassle of getting friends to play and buy the game, i joined the official discord they have, that is found in the app, in the 'about' section. there i found people to play online with and i learned to play better with tips from the other helpful discord players. good game!
dim mid : overall the game is awesome, it's being updated regularly so i think its going to get better and better at this point. my only complain is that you have to buy all the races , there are games that have the cost of a single race , i would like a race pack where you can buy all races with less money and enjoy the full game.
 : awsome game but there is one major problem that stops me from giving it a 5 star. there are only 4 tribes. the rest need to be bought. that doesnt seem right. tribes should be unlockable. having a campaign or through challenges. the fact that i am restricted in that is the only reason im giving this game a 3 star. very fun otherwise.
tatcubifs : well this is probably the only 4x i was able to find that was decent. but don't get me wrong, this game is great! for a mobile game, this has somehow raised my standards on simple games like these. amazingly cute but nicely detailed graphics, simple and well-made strategy mechanics, and, this is what i love most, actually good ais. i'd carry this game to my grave if it lives till then!
hades nightmare : it's fun. i was even going to buy a tribe to play online, but the characters you make to fight are stupidily unbalanced and don't actually follow what the stats are why does a 1 attack defender do more damage than a 2 attack warrior. games good to kill an hour then you start to notice *all* of the flaws.
studiousferret : fun game, great concept, but have issues with pop up menus being either digitized, a different menu but upside down, or invisible. but the buttons still work. that's the only issue i've had.
denig derura : the game is great and i am really loving it, but it has a very badly created menus that freeze so you cannot read what is beneath them even after you close them, it is a very bad ui bug that should be fixed, because it completely ruins the gameplay
shido ph : it's a good game and i like it, it helps in passing time and keeps me stress and at the same time fulfilled when i accomplish something. the reason why i'm only rating it 3 stars though is that you need to buy a tribe to play multiplayer. not all people can afford that, i know it's cheap but not all can buy it. the other thing is the "super unit", i have played hexonia and i was intrigue at the unique guardians each tribe had each with their own unique abilities.i stillhave alot tosaybutcantfit.
chloe beard : i love this game. i've spent many hours just relaxing and conquering tiles in polytopia. but why so many small individual dlc without one large all dlc included purchase? $16 of essentially just skins seems outrageous- but one single purchase of 9.99 for all now and future skins? i would pay that in a heartbeat
calloway rowell-jore : fantastic game, have spent dozens of hours playing it. one thing i hope for is larger maps, i can have 14 people fighting on a map the same as 4 people, which is silly, i'd gladly pay for an expansion for larger map sizes, could create truly epic games.
bill od : great game. i'd love to be able to discount purchase all of the tribes but i can't see that option. i don't like multiple micro transactions so be able to purchase the whole thing would be great. thanks to the developer's for the game.
a. higa : i've played this game for a few years on ios, but when i downloaded it on android, i couldn't start a pass&play game, and i was unable to close one game, start another, and go back to the previously-played game. please fix this, if you can
tommegg : somewhat addicting and fun. the real drawback is the lack of depth in the game, you get bored after 5+ hours of playtime. pay to unlock is annoying, moreover you can't unlock tribes trough gameplay. otherwise a nice time killer game
ryan simonds : you have to buy the items for multiplayer and it's just not really fair to players like me who do not have enough money to buy it. i would rate it better if you fixed that. also if you would fix the button for reloading purchases.
heath spicer : i love this game, it's very addictive, and fun to play with friends. i only would suggest adding an option to set point limit in victory mode to make point matches last longer. then this game would be even better.
umar yusufu : extremely entertaining and simple. world generation is varied and challenging. without paying however, continuity is non existent. it is a great time filler though. and despite it's limitation. only coc has held my interest for this long.
william walsh : the game is cheating!!!!. i have a limitation to how many units i can have per city, but one game i was playing i was fighting the burter and they had one level one city and 42 units and six of them were super units(i counted). it couldnt have been that they had a hidden city because i had 100% of the map discovered and the other enemies had been eliminated by me in early game. if the game didnt break its own rules it would be four stars, but in its current state its two stars at most.
nolan : fun game and well executed on the genre. it's just missing team-multiplayer. me and fiance enjoyed playing this game but waiting for each other to take turns was painful. if we could play as a team it would be much more enjoyable.
david randell : not bad game, love it but i do think maybe u add more to tech tree and combat units, like add cannons, then machine guns and airplanes, that would make it better. also add more races for the non paid for version. thx.
maciek polewiak : awsome game (imo way better than mobile civilization) strategy hame very well transited to mobile version. there are just few features that could be added/slightly improved like: bigger maps if you see 144 map size you think of 144/144 map witch would he huuge and would allow for longer and more exsciting gameplay and also beeing able to make official peace between 2 nations would be awsome and maybe at some point trading?
zayd sharif : very fun game that i think needs a few tweaks such a an undo ability, nudge/reminder notifications on multiplayer, smoother game refresh on multiplayer. otherwise it's the first game i've actually consistently played in a few years on mobile
jason m : zero i have played this hundreds of times trying to figure out the nuances that make it beatable. a- the maps are all the same. the 'waterworld' map has the same amount of dry land and water spaces as the 'dry land' map. b- the enemies destroyed regenerate on the next turn so any progress i make is null. these aren't bugs according to you. so that makes this game unplayable if you are trying to win.
caesar299 : this is a beautiful game. possibly the best mobile game i've seen. it's a good game for times when there's nothing really to do. waiting for an update to finish? play this game. the only thing it needs is a mode where you can just go around on your own, no objectives, no time limits, and just explore. i understand that this is probably asking a lot. despite this, it's still a 5/5 for me.
benny batara : don't buy it it's a scam! i was making a purchase hoping that i can play with so many people out there. apparently, you can only play with your friends, i mean literally. this is way backwards compared to risk online. if you want to play it for free then i think it's fine. except, that it doesn't have unit maintenance cost. meaning that ai can keep producing unlimited units over and over again, thus making it repetitive, boring and not enjoyable.
kyle pulse : you have to buy most of the tribes separately. there is nothing in the description that leads you to believe you're purchasing a partial game. i updated to 3 stars because they were quick to respond. my hope is that they will update the purchasing information to reflect the fact that the game is unlocked through purchases, not just simply in app purchases.
tanner eaves : so been playing the game on and off for a while, which i will say is alot of fun. however i will note that recently i've picked up a bug that is causing all the pop up menus to only display their bottom left corner.
basg bee : the games good but the multiplayer is very disappointing. you need other people to buy the multiplayer just to play that's is fine until i realised there aren't any public lobbies! so i need multiple people to play "online" multiplayer please add real online because that would make the game what better.
reel raccoon : the game is so much fun for when your on the bus i have a 1 hour bus ride and i would just play 3-4 games of bop! would recommend. and i want to buy the other tribes but i don't want to buy them 1 at a time it might just be me but is there a less complicated way to buy them? or if you made a small discount for buying them all that would get more people interested in buying the other tribes for less than one at a time. and my point still stands, look in history of review for my point from earlier.
m hynds : the only drawback is the sheer difficulty in getting 100% to get it you need to play a literally perfect game. however easter eggs are cool just wish there were a few more races to choose from.
cristian neumann : one of the best games i have ever played! easy to pick up, hard to put down. i've played a few online games but one thing i really suggest for you to consider is some kind of online leveling system, so that people who are just starting out don't have to go up against pros who have been playing for years. other than that, amazing game, keep up the good work!
gunter : amazing strategy game. i'm almost never bored playing it and the game functions are pretty cool! previously, i wasn't a big fan of the multiplayer system, but after the update it became a lot better. the new "creative" gamemode is awesome too! it's an overall fun strategy game that will get you hooked!
that guy 615 : love this game, especially since its single player, multiplayer, offline, and online, and it's a good time killer. only thing is if you wanna play multiplayer or online you have to pay $0.99, but other than that, 5 stars.
yaswanth jaya kumar : gameplay is fantastic. you will enjoy the multi player mode where you can play with players from across the world. the downside is that the game sometimes malfunctions in multi player mode.
aj : i agree with "a google user". the new star system when meeting new tribes really makes the game too easy and unbalanced. i really love this game but if i win every time, even when playing on crazy that means something is wrong. please update it to make the game more challenging
jow's rebels : it takes a little bit to get used to the controls and stuff but it did really fun once you get to know how to play the game actually so i recommend this game to anyone who likes a war city battle simulator like come it's like you take turns between the ai in yourself and if you buy a a tribe you can play with other people which is something i haven't been able to do because i haven't had the money to buy another tribe but i bet that part is really fun as well so yeah cool game
thomas ajose : basically a simple version of "civilization" but good! simple, no ads and fun. only improvement is making other races cheaper to buy, and there's no bulk buy option. look forward to future updates that add new features.
mahmoud ayadi : its a nice game but you only get 4 charachtets to play with and all the others you should pay for it if you want to change that do like some challengers that would make the game fun like (win a hard mode + win a game without losing a town = then you will get anew character to unlock)
andrew jeremijenko : i think you should add some more stuff to this game. for example bot vs bot games, ability to replay games ( watch what happened from each perspective), maybe a campaign or missions. having some more gameplay would be appreciated. apart from that good game
gabriel mihailescu : i enjoy this game, its so entertaining. i play with my friends during breaks and its lots of fun. it still has room for improvement, like making alliances, a new difficulty and the option to chose spawning location.
illym : i absolutely adore this game! i play it fairly often, and i always have a blast. there are never any ads, and it's wonderful. the only idea that i have is maybe allowing people to play against the tribes they haven't unlocked yet? it would be a great way to demo them! i only wish i could buy more tribes and help support the game, but i'll have to settle for this i suppose. good luck devs! ^^
spencer monkman : i love this game. every play around is different. sometimes i play multiple games a day. i bought most of the tribes which are fun to play against even if i hardly play them. i never spend money on games ever. especially not that pay to advance bullsh*t that you find with so many other games. it's a great time killer though, doesn't take up any data, doesn't drain the battery that bad. never gets too boring.
doctor catinstein26 : this game be amazing! but i don't understand why the luxidoor tribe is so over priced? i don't have a problem with it, it's just that i've been wondering for a while. also in the merch store, please please please add a quetzali phone case. i may sound like i'm just complaining but i could go on for ages about everything good about it. like the fps is so smooth all the time, i have never experienced lag ever in polytopia. all tribes (except luxidoor) are really worth buying, especially vengir and quetzali. i am trying to think of more things to say, i think of one then another pops into my head and i lose the other thought! this is an amazing game, keep up the good work!
nicholas brewer : i really like the game, i played it with my friend on his phone and it was fun so i decided to download it, but the game keeps restarting my phone for no reason, and it is starting to get very irritating. i hope that the devoper(s) fix this in a future update. (for reference i use an android phone.)
anthony heredia : i love love love this game!!! its awesome and i really think it should get more popularity very much deserved! i love playing this game soo much! if you're a fellow viewer please dont think i'm some advertiser. it's just this game is really good. the only thing i would like is more units. i know i read in google there wont be any. but please i would play this game for hours more. i've bought every tribe and getting a bit bored. would appreciate if u could add more units,boats and difficulties!
potato in black sweatshirt : actually this is the best game for me. after a year of playing different games, this is the only one that i never uninstall. but realized, i'm just a normal player, a kid who don't own an atm or credit card, i've been using 4 same tribes over and over, yet i'm still enjoying this game. i hope the developers came into an idea of giving five free tribes to players since it's already on the run of success. i wish they just. anyways, it's actually a five star rate.
kendrick : great civ style game, lots of cheap and fun tribes to buy, would like more settings when setting up matches tho (i.e bigger and smaller map sizes, changing the amount of ocean tiles, making resources more or less abundant, influencing where tribes spawn based on distance from other tribes or clusters of rescourses etc). also any sort of diplomacy would be great!
viv dream : cant play multiplayer anymore, i still have my pay history of buying other clans to play multiplayer and its saying i have to buy everything again maybe it's a problem that can be fixed easy but i dont know, if proof is needed i have pictures, showing my purchases of the the other clans. they have responded quick and i was able to get back my lost clans, other than this mishap this is an extremely good game especially with them adding online multiplayer search.
 : the is simply awesome a brand new experience to strategise and patience. my only problem with the game is the multiplayer system is paid and closed you need other people player id so you can play with them. my player id is (" oaql0yc4jjfgju4f ") if any one wants to play with me.
david castro : its a good game, however, forcing users to buy a tribe to get online play is just not right. imagine how many users you would have if multiplayer was free, i know you need to maintain your game, but it has a lot of potential and it has not evolved a lot since i discovered it years ago, one of the reasons: online play. great game ovrll
richard parker : fun, addicting game, even playing solo modes. the only suggestion i would make is to, maybe, try a single-player campaign mode. i am aware that this is a game where developer(s) have very limited time to work on it, but since i highly enjoy it, i thought to make a suggestion.
adam linden-ansell : this game is great, however it really feels that the computer characters, even on easy, get way ahead of you in the early rounds when you play online, leaving it to be unenjoybale when you need to add a bit or two as you just get swarmed by bardur
hipstercat101 : this game is definitely underated, it's so simple and fun that literally anyone could play it! i've been a fan of this game for years and it never gets old, i have many memories of this game and plan on making more because this is genuinely a great, well made game! you can tell they put time into this, they update when needed and listen to feedback! i reccomend this game to anyone who likes fast paced or long run adventure type games! i appreciate all of the lovely developers of this game!
ben kinstler : such a great turn based game, and an amazing developer! if you're a fan of the classic age of empires games this is for you. the devs also get a huge thumbs up from me, if you buy the zebasi tribe the profits go to helping rural communities with solar power! that's reason enough for me to drop a few bucks on a great game i truly enjoy! i cant recommend this game enough.
curtis gould : i find this game very fun. doesn't get repetitive and i can play offline which is a definite must for me work all the travel i do for work. some new technologies to research would be fun, otherwise great game.
michael morales : great game love it, honestly best but in my opinion the boys are to easy it's kinda the same thing every time there isn't a game i do t win didn't matter the number of tribes. that's kinda why i haven't bought more because i feel like i'll just win. and i know there multiplayer.but the games are to long and there's no penalty for you you leave a game. so at the end your just playing bot again. please take my money but frist make it harder make it a challenge. make me scared.
flora : it's a fun game for you and your friends, but i bought all of the different empires other than the last one. i don't play this very often and find that the empires i bouht are almlst the exact same. i was wondering if i could get a refund. that would be great, thank you.
brittney lima : thank you for making a game that has endless hours of free gameplay. thank you for making purchases visible items and not gamble type loot boxes or items to buy items. this is a choice game. love the graphics and the gameplay. 10 out of 10
tom bombadil : one of the best turn based strategy games i have played on my phone. and no ads! it comes with a good selection of starting tribes but its worth it to support the developers by spending a dollar or two to unlock new tribes.
spade records : ive been playing this for 3 years. its one of my favorite mobile games. overall a great game. i only have one complaint, no options for diplomacy. other tribes can be peaceful for a few turns after meeting you but will soon engage in a never ending war with you. even if you retain from attacking them every tribe will eventually become hostile towards you.
cabinso gorgede : it's good but you can upgrade the graphics and new interface. make it slight realistic. add many more tribes and skills. add also barbarians and new technologies like missiles, tanks, army, airplanes, or something
lance almocers : a very very good game fits me well. recommended for everyone who loves strategy. but one thing though give us more tribes more maps more features! like building a canal for ships to pass through land, rivers, bridges, and more weaponry! we want more!
piercey borin : unfortunately i have to give a bad warning as without photosensitive warnings i was subjected to a screen flashing bright colors rapidly. as an epileptic this is a crucial part of game design that of course, once fixed (at least adding a warning) will warrant a better experience.
choodlesmcsplurge : this is an absolutely perfect game except for a few things first of all i think an alliance button should be added so you can ally with people and not have to fight them right away another issue is that i feel like the defense and attack system is a bit wonky and uneven but other than that this is absolutely worth the download
amybeth gibbs : always a different set of challenges! some games last days, others finish in 15 minutes. i never buy anything in games, but i spent a few dollars on new tribes after several months of daily play, and it opens up whole new strategies.
dragonking animations : this is the best turn based strategy game i could find on the google play phone app store. it is free and you don't need to spend money to gave a great time with it. i highly recommend it to anyone who can't get a game like sid meier's civilization vi. if the developer sees this, i recommend adding formal diplomacy, and maybe give the ai personality based on what tribe/difficultly they are, just a suggestion! (overall, highly recommend)
joshua wies : this is a really fun game. i do not really like the mind benders because my brother keeps taking my stuff, but i love this game because it is easy to learn, and there are so many possibilities. i rate this game 5 out of 5 stars and definitely recommend this to anybody. plus i play on my brothers phone and really enjoy the unique style of how you could end turns and play with other people.
shawn redmond : this is by far the best civilization game out there. even better than sid meier's attempt at making a mobile game. i would like to see more world customization options like at the beginning of civ i & ii for more variety. and i like the font you use for your intro. can you tell me where to find a copy of that for my own personal tasker dialogs? nvm, i hacked it out of the .apk
zabriel monke : this is just my humble suggestion, i think you should add an alliance system where you could be an ally with your friends and let you see what they're doing. you should also add an trading system aswell so you can trade with other nation and establish diplomatic relationships with them. overall the game is great and the art style is very chill i like it very much . i'm sorry my english is bad i'm still learning. i hope you would consider my suggestion (if my suggestion make sense )
tommy b : seriously one of the best gaming experiences on the app store. a lite civ game with all the preparation and thought with a gorgeous art style and no ads. a must download for me whenever i reset my phone or get a new one.
a google user : i tried to add my friends on the online version but it said that they needed to update the game and then they tried updting it but they couldn't. they uninstalled it and reinstalled it, but nothing happened. i love this gme so much, except for that one thing.
nichola larkins : this is my favourite game. i've been playing for years, and i never get sick of it. i'm always trying to improve my high scores, playing different numbers of enemies and difficulties for variety. it's the best for strategy!
sana minatozaki : this gamw is great..it has good concept and i love it..but i don't like how the multiplayer mode works..i want a real time pvp..i don't want to wait for hours to wait my next turn..it's hard to find player that will respond quickly when i play with them..not worth it to spend ur money on the multiplayer mode! play with bots is better!!
ethan montague : great game! it's helping my friends and me survive the quarantine of covid19. we are totally addicted. we started making other game types though like team battles. it would be nice if team battles or random civ start out where added. keep it up
adolba akaabe : this would be a good game if it wasn't completely pay to play. you still start out with some presets but the only way to unlock more is to buy it. this should be fixed and i am deleting the app because of it, unless they can change this to something more suitable then this game shouldn't be on the app store. there is one other problem, they pvp is complete garbage and you can't use it unless you pay for it. even if you do buy it connections are terrible and you can be stuck in a match for hours.
alexander mills : honestly just a great game, i've spent hours upon hours playing this game. i would like to add some input though. in my opinion and some others most likely, is there be more game modes or game options. such as a team one for example. i think it would make the game a bit more fun.
spencer billingsley : it's a great game. good for passing time and such. i just wish we could play online with random people, like add some sort of a game finder and make an asortmant of different options to join a simple 1v1 or try your hand at a party game.
jordan f : a well-made, fun, and extremely challenging turn based strategy game. there are many ways to play with over a dozen tribes and systems in the game like diplomacy and ruins. pretty much a mobile civilization clone done right.
philip cron : game is fantastic. devs are still adding content. all of the content is well-priced. would greatly appreciate some more game creation control. for instance picking ai nations, teams, allowing a nation to be played by more than one player. i would love a small map with all oumaji starts. would be pretty hectic! hopefully devs will consider this. would make the game more fun to play with friends!
edwin johnson : i decreased my 5 star rating to a 4 because of the new update. every time i try to create a water world map it always generates as a continents map. i've tried several new games and they all turn out as continents. hopefully this is fixed soon.
kate jenkins : i loved game after one round butafter multiplayer settings were set up game softlocked and since everytime you close it is saves the image of what i was doing and i reopened it still at settings softlocked. i reinstalled the game and it was still softlocked plaes fix by the way i play on chromebook compuyter.
cole gartner : great game, this is a really fun game, almost like a smaller civ 5, but a lot easier to understand. i ran into a google play sign in error and they helped me through it in almost no time. amazing people that are working around the clock to improve the game.
corey whitworth : the ai doesnt seem less aggressive. in fact the ai seems to have some extremely ridiculous advantages including starting off too high on the technology tree & being able to questionably expand their cities. the ai cities are able to be at levels 5,6,7+ but yet seem to have very little built out in the way of high value resources (farms+windmills/etc.). instead altars & little else. yet able to generate many elite units. youll have 2+ ai races ganging up on you & ignoring others. seriously flawed
jesse ahtiainen : fun little game! addicting as hell, much like civilization. no ads is a big plus, and new tribes are cheap enough that i don't mind buying them every now and then. would love to see new technologies and maybe more variety in general
enid : great and i liked it enough to purchase a special tribe so i could play multiplayer, however i was disappointed to learn that you cant play online against strangers, only with friends, which means there was no point in buying a tribe in the first place. still a good game though.
chiranjib ghosh : it's a good game....vut the reason for 2 stars is that searching for a multilayer match have never been that hard for me...even though i paid for the multilayer mode...it's asks to find friends and invite them and play.....seriously...this hard...and it's not very easy to find them in fb or discord....waste of my time and money....plz fix this issue.....rather than that it's and great game..liked playing it
tom kuiper : this is a great game! i've had it now for several months and still play it daily. it's challenging and fun. it creates a new random world every time you start a game so it never gets old! the game is heaps of fun with the standard tribes, but i've bought a few of the tribes just because i wanted to see what they do. i highly recommend this!
reuben hayne : bloody amazing game. everything about this game is amazing (except you have to pay for the tribes) but don't let that deter you it's only a couple bucks. anyway i really have to give it to midjiwan they obviously put alot of effort into this game and are always coming up with new ideas and tribes to make the experience just the little bit better. i love how each tribe is unique in there little way and i wish there were more of them. all in all bloody fantastic strategy game and you should get it
tommyboy : i find this game very fun and time consuming! they should update more! add more features, skills and opponents. i've been playing against all tribes and play all the different modes, it's fun but i want something new.
leon whidden : i love this game. it has a great vibe, and it's very fun. the only bugs of seen is occasional flipped dialogue boxes, and glitched out text, but no glitches or bugs that adversely affect gameplay.
gabriel deville : literally zero strategy at some point in time. and it takes obnoxiously long to finish a game because the a.i just does the perfect counter over and over and over and the only way to get through it is to spend literally an hour getting through. terrible game.
gumpalumpalot : the game simply does not run on my phone, which is not that old. i have a lg stylo 3, the real issue is that when i press anything in the app the option to confrim or cancel appears and then it glitches so only a part of that screen is visable.
henry lichfield : i really liked the build of the game it's really challenging and possible, you only get 4 tribes though the rest cost money but that's understandable since the dev's gave no ads to the game. it's really coming and time consuming while keeping your mand racked.
wyatt helsell : best mobile game i've played in a while, yada yada. on the surface, it seems pretty simple, but it can be pretty complicated. in my opinion, though, this game needs a better way to fund itself, and it needs more updates. i would really like to see another special tribe or two.
elke kemper : first ever review i've written - this is hands down the only game i come back to over and over again over the last 3 or 4 years and where i've purchased anything. not because the game forces me to, but because i enjoy the new tribes. awesome game. i hope there's a sequel some point. gorgeous graphics too
jonathan brewer : amazing 4x game. the tribes are unique and for the most part balanced although there are some stronger and weaker tribes. it's not pay to win. there are special tribes with unique abilities, but those abilities replace normal ones. and they're not overpowered abilities. the dev team is constantly working on something new. i really can't say anything bad about the game. moonrise is beautiful. thank you.
dan : one of, if not the best games of its kind i've ever played. very addictive, excellent gameplay and i love the art style (especially the unique detail given to each tribe).
clement kevin tanadi_9c : great game, finally a game with simple graphics that are not too realistic and not too ugly, finally a good civ strategy game. can there be a mode where the players goal is to survive x turns from monsters and can help other tribes too or have a team mode
ray matthew bellen : played this game 4yrs ago & it's still one of the best strategy game. though there is an online scoring & multiplayer, the game felt like uninteresting with only few improvements through out the years. my suggestion is to add new or unique content, not just a new tribe but making each tribe unique like special units or perks. adding achievements, either to google play or in-game will make the game more interesting. i hope the dev-team can consider my suggestion.
callum : love this game. the fact that i can play a game each week after a year of playing it means something to me. no intrusive pay to win features, alot of balancing involved in the creation. fair play to the creative team behind polytopia. there's also a small community of people who play competitively which i have had alot of fun with. 9/10 would recommend for anyone.
hantonius : no issues and lots of fun! i consider this a super condensed version of the civilization games. runs well and the pay options are nice for those who want more civs to play with. totally free otherwise and at least a few hrs of game play. this was a nice find.
trevino brown : all i can say is it needs work... it not ads there a no ads(thank tou!) it just needs some love otherwise, (i don't know if i'm just stupid or what but it's pretty complicated for me) far as i know, it's not a money-driven game ,just kind of creativity that i love! download this game and see if you like it seems like it'd be fun if you got a handle on it...
andrew robbins : i absolutely love this game! i've played this game when it was just getting started and i cant believe the amazing, fun, strategy war game this has become. i play all the time at work and at home. i recently decided to buy the additional tribes and they are really fun to play with! i love it and i'm gonna keep playing it. edit- occasionally when i play with my friend it shows we are waiting for the other person to play and we have to restart
justin lawrence : this game is totally worth it if you love games like civilization. it lends itself to a lot of replayability, and games typically don't last more than 30 minutes. haven't tried multiplayer, so i can't speak to that, but the single player games are enough in and of themselves to keep me coming back.
nathan harris : its fun at first then it gets boring and repetitive. you build up your armies to attack and destroy other cities and win the game by doing so. all while leveling up your reasearched for different minerals... fun game definately try it out
ayush dabas : the max difficulty should be increased its just a childs play against crazy now ! and not much of a challenge although the games is awesome!!! one of the best concept and implementation!! i have ever played!!
eevee rose : absolutely loved this game, only problem being is that its very short lived, there is no random chance to it, i wish it was more of a procedural thing, like whole new maps every time, different tribes and a bit more of a challenge love the game though
colter jones : i tried but couldn't get passed the old graphics and midi sound. i didnt live through that gaming era and watche all games, sounds and graphics get better to have, fly-by-night phone apps downgrade quality to the 1980's. a little more effort would go along way. hexonia did a great example of this style of game.
 : awesome. a great strategy game with turns, and a lot of tribes at your choose. to the people that likes strategy games please install this. simple graphics but in a great quality. simple and good controls and gameplay good job. thank you for this awesome game.
danajo260 : i'm fully addicted to this game. it's challenging enough to keep me interested but also lets me relax with a fun game of annihilating little pixelated dudes. i think it's well worth purchasing the extra tribes to switch things up a bit.
a n : i love the game but what would be cool is if you could add a map maker feature so we can make custom maps to play on. but it depends on what tribes you have like if you have kickoo you could make a custom map with the four main tribes and kickoo. that would be cool
ivan : would have been better if the player can also create his own map and customize it on his own style like where to put the trees, mountains,treasure, etc. but overall its a great game.
mrs sindal : epic. the tribes are very inexpensive for the most part (looking at you, luxidoor), and the graphics make it fun and easy to understand. looking forward to more amazing additions and changes to the game!
aditya goel : game is quite good, and paid for a tribe to play online but matchmaking doesn't exist, so felt cheated. offline version with crazy mode, the computer players just attack you from all sides, doesn't feel real and quite frustrating. this after at least 50 offline games in crazy mode.
aaron.is.not.undead : not sure how people ever get 3 stars. the ai cheats and produces enemies without ever needing to properly develop the land to make an economy. it's good, but quite often i'll quit a game because all 3 sides decide to join forces and attack me.
cooper : very good game although it is sorta annoying to play on a larger map you need to buy more tribes. i play it time and time again don't get bored that easy. personally i would love to have more tribes and they are actually pretty cheap. i haven't bought anything in game and it is pretty fun playing against 3 other ai. you probably will have more fun buying multiple tribes, but i haven't bought anything and i still have fun.
jay simpson : i love this game so much, it's the best thing to play on my phone. it's not a bad thing, but i just wish they had 2v2s or 4v4s. like team battle or something. another idea that would be cool is you can make alliances in the single player version where u can team up and fight other tribes and trade with them for more resources ( points ). and you could later on betray them if you wanted to or vice versa
shane armstrong : tried it on my tesla for the first time, it's a really fun game! as someone who has about 2k hours on civilization 5/6, this is a very similar game, but a little more cartoon-y and takes a lot less devotion and time to play! fun to play while supercharging for 20 minutes, or while the wife is shopping or something lol
jace : this game is very fun, i can understand the developer's choice to force us to pay for multiplayer, it costs money to run a server. i have already bought 3 of the many unique tribes. 1 of the normal tribes only costs $1. this game has no ads whatsoever, the 1 star reviews saying that there are to many ads, and that they'll go play "hexonia" don't realize this.
jack skudlarek : good game, but it needs multiple save slots. i don't care if its a paid feature or not, but i've found i can just buy a tribe for multiplayer, have my friend leave, and have a "save slot" since the ai still works after your friend leaves. i just hate using data to play other games when i'm out of the house. it can be fun to play as the overpowered insect tribes, but i'd still like to play with another average tribe as well.
gary jacob : single player is fun for a few games. pvp is awful. you can wait hours or even days to get into a match, and then immediately kicked or skipped if you miss a turn because a match finally connected in the middle of the night. on top of that it's pay to win. you have no chance winning with the free tribes. there is no tutorial or explanation of how the game worksand no learning curve. deleting this app. it has so much potential because the game is fun, but the multi-player experience is terrible.
alvin ariesta : an addictive game. a must try if you like strategy/tactical games. i personally like tactical turn-based battles and see 4x games as exhausting. polytopia is a different 4x. a perfect tactical games for mobile phone.
error : excellent game, with no ads too! easy to learn, but has a high skill ceiling. simple, but far from boring. easily one of the best mobile games i've ever played. the biggest complaint that i have is that the luxidoor tribe is one of the weakest tribes now when it used to be one of the best-which is a minor complaint, but still unfortunate.
justine zimmerman : i find the game very entertaining and enjoyable. the different tribes allows for great replayability. i think the dragons are super op and i love them lol. my husband will often play vs with me as well. i have had this app for a long time.
mike fontaine : this game rocks, if you liked sid meier's civilization. my iphone broke, and when i replaced it with an android, i rebought all the extra tribes. we must shower midjiwan with success for all his hard work in making a great game. still, i would love to see a cowboy tribe added, yeehaw!! thanks for making this game! update sept 2021: terrain select no longer works. despite having options for dry land, lakes, continents, archipelago and waterworld; it only let's you play continents.
roger xiao : simple yet extremely fun. works great on mobile. i would suggest that the developers add in more achievements, collectibles, and/or challenges for die-hard fans to work towards.
jason de angelis : i love this game, on my latest phone i only have this game and possibly one other, which i don't play, installed... so, modern day update... can we please get the ability to speed up star counts and what not i take as much time in between turns gathering stars and what not as my actual turn... it's gotten longer and is a fast paced match buzz kill...
frank vann : i think its dumb that you have to pay a dollar to play online but everything else is cool also when i put it on easy the second time it felt like it was on crazy mode it's a interesting and fun game but it can get hard. if you mind playing by yourself or in the same room giving the device to each other the prepar to spend a dollar or something on this game the free tribes are cool i haven't played with the costly tribes but this is a good games with a good amount of flaws. try this game its fun
robert hare : amazing game, start to finish. only complaint is that the ai is a bit weak and the species are a bit to similar to each other. once you get down how to beat the ai with one civ, it only takes minor variations on that strategy to beat the ai with any other civ.
kevin stumm : very fun and easy to lose track of time playing it. it would be awesome if there was like a progression mode where you could conquer territories in succession like global warfare and gain upgrades for each victory.
muddybeat 78 : i really enjoy this game. its a really good experience either with family or friends. however, the little amount of tribes that there are available for free and the limitation for online. as a suggestion, i'd say that there shouldn't be an online paywall and maybe make 2 or 3 extra tribes available. as a wish, i'd like to see the remaining special tribe be some sort of customisable tribe. overall a very good mobile game (which is very rare) that i definitely recommend.
alejandro busta : the game and its mechanics are really good. every unit serves their purpose and the art style is great. however, you arent able to play the game online unless you purchase a tribe, and each tribe is more expensive depending on how overpowered it is. based on this, i can already tell the online is just everyone using the same tribe with the same strategy (which costs 5 dollars). i also think archers are a bit underpowered compared to catapults.
weenis buttacis : its a reall fun game and fun for passing time. i think itd be more fun if there was a king of the hill mode or something where even if all four capitals get captured, you still have a chance to fight for your capital city back. kinda like a "real" war i guess. and it could be called like honor or something.
mario volarevic : ok game, but has a bunch of bugs with overlaying and disappearing info dialogs. especially, in a tech tree when i try to read descriptions. edit: improving the score because of the feedback
friendlyfire : very fun turn based strategy. only one problem... i perched 2 tribes had problems with my device so had to reset to factory default... installed the game again... but lost my perches... and my progress... i'm still waiting for the developer's response
harmless dragon : the tribes feel unique and cater to different play styles without feeling restrictive, the ui is clean and the controls are simple, map generation is good, difficulties feel weird and a bit unbalanced at at times but overall a good game thats fun, simple and well made
tony vorrath : bug: the newest update makes it so that when some tribes are playing their turn and the match freezes for whatever reason, you can no longer close the app and open it again. since the game autosaves all the time and not turn based like it used to, it saves frozen and stays frozen when you resume the game.
niels kraak : i love this game and have been playing for years. the last update was a breath of fresh air with more battle options and different bot tactics. i have just one question to ask: can you please restore my game count? the highscores remain, but my number of games played was reset. i was closing in on 500 games and was quite excited about how i was going to play my 500th. now i'm at 3 :(
trirule : i love this game so much. i just switched to samsung from iphone and downloaded the game again, i spent money on my iphone, dont mind spending more to get my aquatic tribe back. some people say this game gets repetitive but thats because its simple. simple games like this make great local multiplayer games, like chess it can get competitive with friends for hours of fun
mason kendrick : hey developers! first off, i love this game! however i do have some complaints. i just bought the aquarion tribe and i honestly expected more. the crab giant isn't useful at all, it should have double attack because the claws or some type of speed boost! the tridention unit in replacement of chivalry unit seems silly if the replacement unit isn't better or at least the same. this applies to the amphibian unit as well. the aquatism doesn't have enough of a buff as well for any tribes.
brad brening : excellent game and highly replayable. my only complaint is that the animations between turns takes forever if you are on a giant map and have taken a lot of cities.
atma o : lacking in-depth diplomacy system. and i want some "unique units" to add to the game. i actually wish it had a little more like to civ 5 (i love that game), mechanically at least. and i'd definitely want a in-depth diplomacy system and unique unit to be added.
jiasen wan : this game is really fun not gonna lie and the only thing i really want is a campaign or story mode update that has challenging levels, a(good)story and rewards throughout the game(like nations and tribes and stuff)and definitely an(good)ending and you have all the support from me to make it.
juno june : really a fun game! you can play against friends or just do it with a bot. there is also a option to play it in your own way. it saves your progress on the came you are playing and it's offline! i would totally recommend
uncle rezz : this game is very great, it kills time for when ever ur bored or just on a road trip, i recently bought most of the tribes and since then, the app has little mini freezes and it bugs me, could u guys fix this or at least give me ideas on how to fix this? til then it's gonna remain 4 stars
kacper lachowski : beggars cant be choosers, and i never would've paid for this game before trying it out. now i have and it is actually really fun and has lots more potential. i would seriously consider paying the developers, but it feels silly to pay to unlock new tribes that seem to be primarily reskins. id rather make a one time purchase to unlock all features or not at all. and those features should clearly be more than just reskins
aurora plays : i actually like the game. but my ratings a 1 because it just has far too many micro transactions and none of them are worth it. i would rather a small amount for the game than a continues amount of money to unlock characters that honestly dont seem that special.
elthian adenile : great game! but honestly, i'm not a fan of spending money just to buy new tribes for just a game (don't worry, i understand that you need it as of time now.) so, if you can... can you reward players for mastering (as in getting 3 stars) the 4 current tribes by letting them unlock 1 (or 2) new tribe in the game without the need of buying it. if not, that's fine, i really understand you guys. so anyways, thank you for creating the game and reading my positive review on your game. thanks!
joshua colvin : fantastic game, in a class its own. have purchased all options and continuously watch for updates. easy five stars for anyone into turn based strategy, and a good place to get your feet wet for those who aren't.
lucas lecario : honestly a really good game to play and very addictive, even though that you have to buy some tribes to play them but i do understand that they need some money to keep the game running. i love how there aren't any ads there to ruin time. reccomend downloading!
derd horvat : a tremendously well designed game! a must try for anyone who appreciates a good strategy game. it's well priced too. the only bug is that my score sometimes doesn't appear on the high score list.
isabella iles : i do enjoy this alot and the graphics are nearly seamless but i do have a suggestion. it wpuld be terrific if you cound possibly make ot so that a few different tribes could be eventually won through achievements instead of mostly buy it would be neat.
sarah l : i really love the gameplay though i could for sure enjoy longer that 40 turns. i am pretty much obsessive with this but i'm afraid my interest will likely fade unless public matching becomes a thing. i want to play against others without scheduling with friends.. polaris is super awesome i really enjoyed that tribe! **edited since recent updates and finding leagues through social media. still loving this game and especially the community**
luke lashbrook : i changed my review from 5 stars to 3 because once you set the difficulty to the hardest setting the ai characters suddenly only attack you the player. i get that i'd suppose to be difficult but the ai teaming up to take you out seems kinda dumb. they will straight up pass up each other's capitals with no defense to attack the player.
scrabs : this is a amazing game if you are solo, but i think one of my favorite mobile games if you are using pass and play with a few of your friends. seriously, the fun i've had with this game gets close to the memories of split-screen halo 3 at a party. a very nice app indeed.
axel del mundo : i would've given 5 stars. it's a really great game and the characters are cute. however, i cannot fully enjoy the game because i can't purchase the other tribes. it would be nicer if i can buy more tribes with a game money. it's alright if you require the players to buy the special tribes but please allow us to use more than 4 tribes even without real money. i hope this can help the game in achieving higher ratings. thank you for your consideration
martin moreno espinoza : didnt regret buying all the tribes since each start out different ways which makes it challenging and interesting to see how it goes .just hope that the creator doesnt give up on this game anytime soon hope to see different tribes and random multiplayer matching and if it makes sense mapmaker and maybe a new skill ? 10/10
micah chan : this game is great the battle is good. the experience of it. only thing is that i wish you could earn characters cuz then you would have to pay money for new characters. other than that it's good and fun for everyone that like strategy.
noah guidry : i absolutely love this game, but i hate that there's a limited amount of bots. without purchasing any tribes, you can't have more than 3 bots in a game. i'd rather it allow the bots to be any normal tribe, but you'd have to pay to play as the tribes. 3 bots makes it feel limited. other than that, this game is really fun! also, don't get hexonia. i tried it. it's a rip-off that isn't as good as the original.
jeremy : love it but i'll mention that i would be willing to straight up pay for faster multiplayer features. i know it's a spoiled gripe... but when when switching between multiplayer games the moments taken by the game starting up adds up.
luke parmenter : a fantastic game with wonderful replay value. it is essentially civilization on miniature. the games are short and fun while the difficulties varywell to different playstyles. all in all a fun game.
undertale gamer : i think this is a really good game. however, i do wish that you could get more than just 4 tribes to use without paying. could be unlocked from the start, could be unlocked by an acheivement, it doesn't matter all too much.
that guy, over yonder : truly great game. ive been playing for a long time and gradually bought every race. its a intuitive but deceptively complex strategy game which is easy to pick up and play.
a google user : very nice game. perfect to.play offline strategy plays. i could understand that the development of the game needs funds but still i request if the makers could give at least one extra tribe according to the choice of the user out of the simple tribes to play as a bonus.
norm and sandra black : this game could be amazing but when you play against a computer, even the easiest one available they have too many men for the amount of turns. for example i could have 5 turns and only 3 new men, the computer in the same amount of turns will have 20 new men. also numerous maps are made so that 1 team is on an island with no resources and another team has all resources and land, so again, totally lopsided which makes playing no fun and extremely frustrating. takes all the fun out of it.
akasha peppermint : thirty turns. only thirty turns. even then, i can find myself spending thirty minutes just thinking about my moves. marvelous, short and sweet gameplay that suits the "just pick up and play" vibe. imperius needs a buff
killer 0502 : this is an awesome and really fun game and i enjoy it very much, i have even bought a few tribes because it's so much fun. but i was really disappointed that i couldn't play the tribes i bought without being online. there has been many times were i was playing with no signal on long car trips and my friends and i could not play the unique tribes i bought for pass and play. i would be excellent if a change was made to play the tribes bought offline too. thx
albert buxo : it's an excellent game, both visually and the concept are great. however it gets kind of boring because there is only 2 modalities, it would be great if another option were available. thank you.
ben tseng : the gameplay is fine, similar to civilization, but the game lacks technologies and the gameplay feels very slow overall. not to mention the lack of variety in selections.
michael crites : this is how mobile gaming should be like. no intrusive adds, no stupid things to steal your data. just a simple game with a few in app purchases. really the only gripe i have is the single player maps are a little to small. each tribe is only $.99 and is unique to themselves. reminds me a lot of sid meyers civilization. absolutely love this game and will be supporting this developer more.
jon ! : chess found dead in a ditch. sid meier filed for bankruptcy best turn based strategy game ive ever played. so simple while being infinitely interesting and soooo visually pleasing. only thing i could imagine that would improve a perfect game would be more modes, and perhaps the teeniest but of optional customizability. (a story mode would be insane) really though thank you so much for making this game it actually has brought me so much joy.
artemis vellacott : great, no pressure to buy stuff though there is an advantage with some tribes and for one purchase (>0.89) you can play online. would recommend, loads of fun and a great community and company. gameplay easy to grasp but with lots of strategy if you get into it, and a huge competetive community (mostly on discord).
sasha : excellent strategy game for phone. you dont need to make any purchases to have fun and play the game (several nice free tribes to play with). personally i played the game for a while before buying tribes as i rarely make in app purchases - really happy i with the purchase. for the amount of hours you can put into this game its worth it.
sebastian black : i loved the game, i think that gameplay is fun and interesting and the graphics suit it very well. but i tried to buy the vengir tribe and my google play account was charged but am still not able to access the tribe. it took my money which is really disappointing, inexcusable mistake for an otherwise great game.
jaseybae : great game! i really enjoy playing. one of the few games i'm willing to spend money on. it's very hard to get three stars. i wish there was maybe 5 more turns per opponent so it was a little easier. (currently it's 10 turns per opponent)
oliwier maksymiuk : it is a very good and fun game but it gets repetitive if there were more game modes it would be more fun and entertaining for example a team death match mode where 2 tribes fight against the other 2 but over all its a good way to kill time and to have fun when your bored
emeric cote : this game is awesome, the devs keep pumping out updates, there are dedicated multiplayer communities, (facebook, reddit, discord, etc.) and it is easy to learn and play anywhere. i've had the game for a few years now and i keep finding new strategies and having fun. some people don't like the monetization of the tribes, but i think it's totally worth the money, because it supports this amazing game company as well as giving you surprising new tribes to try out and learn to master. 5 stars.
kathleen ong : i really enjoy this game. the additional stuff in the newest version is also great but something's wrong with the buttons. they sometimes have to be pressed twice in order to work.
flexy boi : amazing but i wished the games were longer, the maps were larger and you could keep having turns after finishing, just to see how large you can grow your empire. it's a really great game.
nara knight : the game is like the civ games and it's really good but with only 4 races to play for free and other option locked behind a pay wall ruins the game if they would of had a section with will allow you to unlock other races and options with a hard challenge would of made this game a lot more fun
jill baxter : a simple, but extremely well done strategy game. i never spend money on apps, but on poly i ended up buying all of the tribes. i started out playing against bots and that was great, but then i played multiplayer against a real person and that took it to a whole new level! if you're looking for people to play against, there are discord and fb leagues dedicated to poly. yes, it is that much fun!
hot taters : i enjoyed the game so far but i have to pay first before playing multiplayer which actually sucks but over all a good game. i have a suggestion maybe try adding polycoins as a substitute to the real money currency so that most of us can play multiplayer without paying. now for the special tribes maybe keep the real money there as is. then last is try adding trial cards that can be get in normal games with bots. those trial cards are actually for tribes the player wanted to try. its a nice game.
corey martino : revjew update: 9/3/19 after almost two months the game is still unplayable with no updates since july and it seems to be swept under the rug. they have a known bug making any multiplayer aspect (90% of what i do) unplayable. it's not registering purchases made and not opening online access. it's now been almost 2 months since the issue started with no signs of progress on a fix. you will experience this issue if you download the game and purchase anything right now.
biggie : fun game to play with friends and alone if your bored. games tend to be long but it's a good game. a recommendation would be a tutorial becuase if you just started the game and dont know how to play it can be very confusing.
ryan n : i love this game. i think it's really essential that the creators are still putting out quality tribes and not just spitting them out for a quick cash grab. no ads even if you haven't pushased a tribe shows that creators care about a good experience for every player. if there was one thing i would change about this app it would be giving the player a chance to play on a larger map with any amount of players, for example raising the maximum tiles to 1000 would allow for nore emersive gameplay.
jason woodard : meh, tried turn constrained game and open ended. graphics are cute enough and ui is easy enough to learn, but if you've played any legit civ games it's just not very compelling for what the genre has to offer.
shoddy : so i first downloaded this awhile ago and i had an insane amount of fun discovering all of the metas w/my friend. it has only changed a bit (as far as i could tell) which was a slight nerf to the knights. if i could add more stars i would as this is a must download strategy boardgame.
truman shellman : a great, fun game with masterfully complex gameplay. its art is endearing and fun, the ai range from "that was fun and easy!" to " oh gosh why am i dead all of a sudden?" and leave you with an absurd challenge. i love it, it is a great game.
emma h : a rare gem. it's wonderful to have a game developed for the enjoyment of the people who want to play it. there's no pay to play forced upon you, you get full utility of the game, no need for power ups or live and it is so professional that i have (very unusually for me) spent some money to buy extra tribes. i love that you can play and pass as well. thank you developers for creating this game.
luke woltz : i love this game. it is my favorite stratagy game on mobile. i love the lack of ads. all of the different tribes are cool, and i ak working to get them all. one thing i would love to see is a diplomacy feature, i dont know how difficult this would be considering you are a one man studio, but i just think it would be cool.
jared collins : its great, but it needs more options like map size. or maybe new types of maps to change it up, like no water or more or less resources. also needs more free tribes or ways to earn them.
raka r. putra : the premise of this game is remind me alot of civilization games by sid's. but the actual gameplay is very unique and refreshing. the multiplayer mode only allows you to play with your friend, it would be even better if they add matchmaking mode like moba. 100% worth to spend your money on.
matt g : this game is a lot of fun. it has so much potential. the only things stopping me from giving it 5 stars so far, are 1. the fact that there is no cooperative play for online multiplayer and 2. the fact that alliances are not interactive at all, you don't have the option to befriend or declare war on other tribes, which would make the game much more enjoyable. having said that, it's still my favourite mobile game of all time and it's one of the *very* few mobile games actually worth getting. 4
storming cipher : i love this game. the 3d, colorful graphics, hypnotizing background music and amazing sound effects as well as game play is wonderful. i just wish there were other ways to get the other tribes without paying real money.
joe seb : one of the funnest games i've ever played on mobile. no glitches, fun to play with friends, awesome range of choices and abilities, amazing graphics and audio aesthetic. highly recommend.
chris marshall : the best game on mobile. lasting appeal, added value expansion packs, fantastic old-school turn based strategy, great looking. the specialist tribes are great fun, though do highlight the need for more variety in the main tribes. hoping for more packs soon. **no p2w gem mechanism**
jason bush : avsoluyely worth the funds. awesome game. my obly gripe is that some of the clans you cam purchase are complete garbage and a waste of .99 , so learn the skill tree first before purchasing. both 1.99 clans are fun, but the unpronouncable one is a lot, lot better.
millie brockway : i would rate this app 4/5 because i belive if more tribes were free, but unlockable, i would enjoy this game more than i already do. i'm sick and tired of playing agianst the same old tribes again and again. i don't have the money for more tribes, but i do have the time to unlock more through achievements, kinda like the monument building challeges. all and all, i would defienty reccomed this game to my friends and family. that is all.
ivan kolesnikov : i've been playing this game since 2018, and it's amazing! the best one you can find in google play. no ads, different setups, many tribes, continuous development and upgrades. if only i could give 6 out of 5
pin bin : actually a really fun game and a good time spender. the classes aren't free but they're pretty cheap as well. i'd say it's worth the purchase if youre a mobile gamer or even just need something to do while waiting in a line.
d pat : overall this is a fun game! i do have one problem though. whenever i try to play multiplayer with random people the game says they are picking their tribe but even after a few minutes the players still have not chosen their tribe. i tried playing with different people but the same thing happened.
jimmy bepis : really good game. i enjoy it a lot but, you guys need to add a feature where you can choose how big the map is on domination. the game ends way to quickly and all the villages get taken up in like 10 turns. please i love this game but i would love it more if you guys added that end. love you guys, peace.
alex : a simple turn-based game that isn't an idle tapper or a recycle of the popular formula games out there. figuring out how to play takes a few turns but just try and then restart. give it a go.
damien cook : i've had this game for about a month but i'm still playing it, its just a really good way to pass time and the custom battles are really nice, more unique tribes and a bigger tech tree would complete it though that's about it
vladislav sannikov : the game is bomb! super voxel graphics and pretty ambience. it has nice strategy opportunities to improve your gameplay. i want to increase the game progress for continue new updates and other cool features. everyone should try their strength there!
stray lizards : this game is definitely just as fun and enjoyable as sid meyers civilization games! totally enjoy it! please add support for random multiplayer matchmaking! i want to be able to queue into a game with people over the internet, its pretty hard to convince anyone i know to purchase multiplayer, let alone play with me. please add it, thanks!
blair yorke : i've recently 3 starred a few tribes and on more than one occasion the next time i log in the achievement is renegged and show my prev best if 2 stars. really frustrating and deflating. i really enjoy the game. please fix
sarah wolfert : love it! a great civilization game, i'd like to see bigger maps and longer play in the future. the jumps between difficulties is pretty vast but maybe i just suck lol. haven't tried multiplayer yet. fun game, keep it up. :)
idk : tbh, i came into this thinking i'll get bored immediately but i think this is the best strategy game for me, the pace of the game doesn't feel padded, it's quick. i'd also like to point out that this game has depth, which is rare for a mobile game, this game is absolutely fantastic, i'll definitely purchase an additional tribe, for the online play and more content, i'll definitely look forward to more tribes in future updates
tristan luscombe : love it. very addictive! admittedly sometimes games are over before they begin as you get jumped by impossible enemies in a few rounds, but that's what the new game button is for!
sir hamsalot : literally one of the best mobile games i have ever played, if i were to uninstall this game, i would miss it a day later. i do however think this game needs more features, and just more playability in general, i do also wish more of the tribes were free, but other than that, this is one of the funnest strategy games i've ever played.
liquid sky : was my go to fun game. the removal of burning land for farming killed it for me. significantly reduced the ability to develop the tiles as much as before and city building was half the fun for me. still a great game wish they had not done that.
daniel deherrera : love the turn based fighting and getting to build up your capital. when you conquer other cities you grow in strength in all other categories. the main problem with this game is the fact you have to pay for other tribes to experience the multiplayer. if you could earn them then that would be better, or even collect a currency that allowed you buy special units or even entire tribes. but for now its potential is locked away.
giovanny torres : this game sure is fun! although, i dislike how the bots in the game act. when playing a game of polytopia, they would never attack one another and only just target me, the player. i find this be unfair because i would barely get the chance to act. would play again but after a while, it gets boring.
brennan pittaway : good app, but pass and play doesn't seem to work. other than that the gameplay is fun (but a tad repetitive) and it's sad most of the tribes are locked behind a paywall, and there's no other way to unlock them.
anon ymous : love, love, love! cant get enough. wont work on the device i have but i have played it. i have a small request, can you make it where you can gain gold to buy the specials. other than that, make sure this game never gets taken off the play store and always add more tribes. one more request, can you make it where every tribe starts with the basic techs and just raise the price? thanks
xavier myles : this is a really great strategic game. it isn't a total sellout game, and the prices for new tribes are cheap. there are many aspects to this game, and i love the turn-based multiplayer style. very good game overall.
heavy handed : the game was good for a solid 2 games before being so boring and a cach grab its unplayable. you get 4 tribes at the start and the rest are locked unless you pay, it would be better if a system to unlock the tribes was implemented but for now it's just a waste of storage
partytime xxx : surprisingly fun. needs some new elements but proof that a game doesn't have to be overwhelmed with excess junk. small and fun! :) looking forward to see what content is added as this project goes further.
john pienta : polytopia is one of the deepest most rich games i've played on mobile. absolutely beautiful in art direction and game design, polytopia is strategic, and complex to master, yet simple to learn. highly recommended.
makallen ray : yeah. i guess it could be a bit better if the tribes didn't cost money, but the devs gotta make money somehow. edit: you know what would be really cool, a tribe maker, think about it. what if you could maybe make a hate, some colors and maybe some pre-made assets for mountains, building, animals, fruit, fields, trees, and the cost could depend on which tech you start with.
walter robillard : i really liked this game. i like how it is a simple but complex game, and how it has to make you think of a strategy. i also like how if you get it with the play store play pass you can get all of the different tribes for free even the special ones. i just overall think it's a great game.
meburningslime : hello developers, thank you for making such an awesome game! i love it! however, there are some glitches. my friend randomly got the new lyrion tribe randomly and you deleted the killer bunny!!! why?!?! besides that, very fun! i do have a recommendation and a new tribe. maybe add a new unit that's super powerful against the new tribes, but weak otherwise? also, add an alien tribe! maybe they can have saucers instead of giants.that would be really cool!maybe start them with 2 random techs.thanks!
josphe young : the game is actually very well created. only down side to it is the fact you have to pay for each faction over the original ones given to you. wish it wasn't that way but i understand since it is an indie game. honestly the game is pretty damn fun. i can play game after game of this and not get bored.
alex ramos : loving the game. gets you hooked from minute one and has a great replay value. currently working towards those 3 stars. not a 5 star because i wanted to buy tribes but the message i need to "go online to enable purchase" still haven't figured what that means considering i'm almost always online. great game overall, really hoping i can support you soon enough.
chris waldron : excellent little title. cute graphics, simple gameplay, and well polished. i've been put off mobile gaming by companies that constantly pop up ads or lock players out in order to play longer. i'll happily support this developer who don't do any of the above - all iap is optional but i'd definitely recommend supporting developers like these guys!
joao oliveira : simple yet great, very fun game to play casualy and competitively. great ui, good soundtrack, the visuals are very clean and smooth and the game runs perfectly. would recommend.
a google user : the game is really really good but i just hope that it wont be so buggy anymore. i used to play it before and there weren't so many bugs. colours keep appearing. screens keep merging...
phoenix hokage : i like that there doesn't seem to be many, if any advertising. they seem to get money from when you decide to buy a new civ after experiencing all the default free ones. that's nice for a change.
james mckenzie : update has ruined it. i played this game alot but the new update is poor. you have to select buttons several times before you get a response and layout is not as intuitive with smaller buttons and zoomed out look. such a shame.
damian mee : amazing. probably the first game in my life that got me (positively) addicted. games are short, random, and simple enough to fit in any moment of boredom you might have :). the game doesn't big you with idiotic in-app purchases, not doesn't feed you ads continuously. i gradually bought all the tribes, and had (still have!) a ton of fun with it! edit: now that everything works offline there's absolutely no reason why you shouldn't get 5 stars . i'd honestly give you 6, if i could.
aristheia : this game is so good. i have been playing it for 3 years now, albeit, not consistently. despite multiple uninstallations and reinstallations, this game still manages to give me lots of fun. thought i should actually give this game a 5 star rating it deserves since i just noticed i haven't given it a review just yet. though the leaderboard seems broken imo, i highly doubt someone would get tens of millions in perfection. wish they would do something about it, besides that, simply a great game.
henry warmoth : experiencing issues playing online. after several turns, the game stops sending the end turn to either me or my friend and stays stuck on saying it's the other person's turn on both screens.
matt : after the last update, i am unable to control the map layout when creating games. the map is always the continents layout, no matter which one i chose. please fix this bug.
d f : i was about in the middle of demo-ing this game for about five minutes, next thing i know it's been 19 hours since i've left my bed because this game is so damn good. this is my new main game for the next year at least. great great stupendous game for hardcore and casual alike. play crazy only too otherwise it's hella easy.
lisa atkison : sure it looks like a game with low graphics, but it is one of the most entertaining games i've ever played, but i think the developers should make a map editer, and allow people to play each others custom map
sara m : entertaining game, but i wish there was another way to unlock the other tribes, maybe a points system... rather than having to purchase. same for the multiplayer option.
adam stewart : a good game that is genuinely free to play and doesn't have pay to win. you only pay to unlock more playable civilizations. fans of civilization will find this familiar but anyone knew to the game style will find it easy to understand plus there is a difficulty selecter to boot. simple. fun. free. can't recommend this game enough.
hamza imran : instantly amazed; a must try for anyone who likes strategy games.my only problem would be the lack of a tutorial since im horrible at teaching other ppl to play i would like a tutorial that briefly explains how the game works and is always replayable through settings
jake : graphical and mechanical trend setter. this is the game that spawned series of copycat clones that now litter the play store like a bad rash. if that doesn't tell you it's good, then idk what will. limited free civ pool, but gameplay makes up for it. great game well deserving of it's praise.
justin inman : i love this game with everything i got. the game is full of strategy and has unique tribes that i never would have thought could be a thing. i am wanting to see larger maps and hopefully see even more tribes that i can buy!!! if it could happen, i want larger games. i understand that it comes as more tribes and larger maps, but it would be cool to see a 24 man game. imagine that, 24 man game. on a 900 tile map. now i am excited to see this one day.
ivzz ferreira : i love the game it's so far the game i most play in my life i just would like report a bug ... i normally mute all the sounds in the game... but once i activate the bluetooth to listen songs on the spotify the game sounds start to play, without"my permission"
