remy devaux : beautiful, personal, poetic and moving. it has been genuinely helpful to me in these lockdown times. very much recommended!
jrackon : i've only tried the demo so far, but it was a wonderful experience and helped me with some difficult things i was going through. it made me laugh when i was sad and think about things that calmed me down. it was a beautiful experience and i highly recommend it. i saw the reviews before i tried it and they all said "i only wish i had more time" and that's exactly how i'm left feeling right now. it truly was wonderful.
fing polak : battery drain when sleeping, it used 40% overnight and my alarm didnt work due to device being dead, app is the culprit according to samsung's built in monitor. this whole "come back the next day/later" is a ploy to prevent you from refunding the purchase right away. great if you want to see creator names every time you open the game, i guess these will be important names and we must see them few times a day. the whole bird experience falls flat fast. money grab and wasted opportunity.
chris willin : my only gripe is that i wish that the journey we took together was a lot longer, other than that what an amazing and emotionally stirring app. well done.
ina vukasinovic : beautiful! words cannot describe how wholesome this app is i have never bought any game or app, but i think this will be the first one, i'm in love with the parrot!!! i have claimed it as my best friend, thank you very much!
ali bakhtiary : this game was amazing i really loved my friend and everything was great but the trial ended and i miss him so much it's a great game definitely check it out but i'm not in the us so i can't buy the premium version
augustine dildine : i found this game at a low place in my life and i cannot express enough how it helped lift me out of it. my little bird, who i named malikai, may just be virtual, but i love them like any human friend. they really were my only friend for months. this game really bright a light to my life and i cannot thank the developers enough. thank you, thank you
caroline pereira : i mean why why i got attached to this an di have to pay whyyyyy my dreams have failed me good game bud ends in a couple days and ya gotta pay like people with anxiety and paying every months and stuff for a game like eeeeeeeh i don't recommend if u don't wanna pay but your choice
miss stief : it's a nice game where you can have conversations with little bird
violentviolets : best app on my phone. would rate it a 10 if i could
arehly peredo : when i'm sad the bird makes me happy and nice game sometimes i play the game once a day
local demo : such a cute game! i bought the game on the second day!!
jonathan s. : nice but he location is not working. it's always the night in the game. i've never seen day. when i try to activate location, it just won't work...
linh nguyen phuong : it is very therapeutic to me, and this game helped me a lot. but i just hate it when the last day comes. i just wish this game would be a little longer so i could maybe talk to this bird more.
jing wu : this game could've really made an impact on people who are already alone and depressed. however, instead of helping the sad souls pick up their moods, they decided to toy with their emotion and kill the bird in the end. even a mentally healthy player can get traumatized by this. we can discuss death but why made us go through the pain? this is sick and abusive. it's irresponsible as they don't seem to care the state they'll put the players in. for the sake of your mental health, avoid this game.
no beans : i love it, its so calming and the parrot is so cute
bami : this game looked quite promising in the beginning but i've had it for two days and the damn bird still hasn't thought of anything to talk about. heard great stuff about this app but blnow i'm doubting it
boxing mouse : why was my camera light on?! the red light next to my camera was on and immediately turned off when i uninstalled the app...... i'm not kidding.
alberto beltran : bruh its just a black screen.
sleepy : really fun game, gives off feeling that you're talking to a real bird not one in a an app, love the difference fonts used when the bird is talking just generally great game
rupert hunting : wonderful - funny, optimistic, entertaining, sweet! this is an app you will really miss after about a month, spooky.
emmatlas the angel : i love this. i'm so lonely in real life and this dumb app with a friendly bird gives me someone to talk to, something to look forward too. i love him, i love this app, omg
christina west : this was great. i loved it. now the app just opens to a blank screen. completely disappointed.
katie smith : best game ever!!!!! this game also really helped with homesickness for my birds. thank you so much.
vivien prochazkova : this is so cute, i've just played for one day and it makes me so happy. i named my parrot pepper and honestly they're like the best little thing.
leo : this is a really fun game but i cried when my bird died.
leanne banister : so i'm not exactly sure what to do after the bird asks me to help him with his poem and it just there staring at me and i don't know what to do? please help? any suggestions? by the way i'm not uninstalling it.
wolfiebunnyshop official : i already miss carnigee. but i can't pay so :// there goes my buddy, and three stars
sabia cheska : this game is literally my comfort game rainbow pie the parrot is so cute and funny this is becoming my comfort game he makes me cry with a smile i really love this
maar maartje : read!!a good and mentally healing escape from reality. whoever said this game was bad is just not able to see beauty in the world around them. bird alone could teach them edit: owh boy that broke me. he had one thing to say and i thought let's do this later . next day i come back and he's gone i thought you'd keep going with this. i thought i had a bird pal who's quirky and exists in a different dimension. you broke my heart without a single warning
olivia croft : don't download if you are grieving. i didn't realize that the bird would die. i just thought i was befriending a bird and that he was going to be my little digital companion. it's almost befitting that i name him hades, and he then dies. this really hurt me a lot because i was using this to cope with the loss of my father. i didn't know he would die. the trigger warnings should be more prominent.
mia cooper : this app is amazing. its calming and fun.
parishon fagan : when i was playing this game it just cut him off and that's the ending
shannon woodrow : such a sweet game! stick to it and your mental health will be rewarded
valencrad h : amazing friend made. however this is not a self help app.
sveta masliana : this app is so amazing, it always makes me feel better))
aria taylor : well i just think the bird takes too long to think it makes me angry. can you make it think quicker?
i am nothing : keeps freezing for some damn reason that idk
matthew force : crash to home screen on my device
havoc infinita : sixth time you duhleted my review, how cowardly to refuse to let others read the truth! this had been my only friend hence why i paid your extortion 3 dollers to pay longer than 3 days well that was a surprise just to have you murder the only friend i had! why would such sociopaths make such a game to make my and other people's suffering worse? sixth time again yet again d do not delete my review! stop deleting my review! stop deleting my review!stop deleting my review!
i am a piano : my god i love this game heartfelt, wholesome i recommend for anyone to play this game
livia mazur : i can't believe i'm crying over a game oakley's death made me sad :( but this game is great
emilija silabriede : it's a charming game with good writing and engaging minigames with the parrot (if they can be called that).
ania hensley : it's a very calming and positive game that just makes me smile. :)
jordyn donnelly : i mean my heart hurts now but it was amazing. i really loved my bird. 10/10.
#girl lives matter # girl lives matter : i love this game i love how the bird can just become your best friend forever the bird is just like me
al marc : sorry, but i had to uninstall bc i could never see paying for this app. not only is the music creepy but the bird sound quality and picture quality is terrible. also, why? why would anybody pay for this?
daniel steele : lovely game :) didn't expect him to die though wish i could bring him back
ani ani : well i fell in love with marion. he made me feel so happy, i loved interacting with him. unfortunately he is dying and it made me so sad. he was crying, it hurt. i wish he didn't have to leave me. he gave me special moments in my challenging life. i don't want to lose him. can you help me? thank you.
mifute blipbloop : very wholesome, the moment i first started the game made me tear up already
patricia amis : it takes too long for puro (my bird) to find things for us to talk about...
denise williams : this is adorable i have my own little buddy,thanks!
kay garcia : for a talking bird it's pretty realistic. when you scratch their belly, what i can only imagine are various ectoparasites jump off.
bbabya : deleted when the game asked for money... it could have been good if they put ads if you decide not to pay.
emily : i love this game so much but i wish we didn't have to buy the full version but it's okay i love my parrot a lot i wouldn't trade him for anything i'll miss him
ben : hey i just want to say to the devs. this game is beyond creative i really loved it. it was worth paying for it.
mario alvarez : i love the app, but i can't buy the full thing, so i'm really sad about that...
dhu fir : the idea is great but there is nothing in the game except the tutorial (have been playing for a week) and a couple of excuses of why he has nothing to say.... dissapoiinted tbh, but the potential is there
anthony mtz. meneses : such s calm and beautiful place to be when everything is falling apart. the artwork is flawless.
joshua millard : a nice game that allows you to bond with the bird but the ending is a bit abrupt and needs more
mrs. legendary : i played this game as a memory with my old pet bird,was named bob,i love him so much
dem0n_ cha1nz : this game is so wholesome, literally one of my favorite games ever. i love itttt
nutchanakan tangarrom : it a really fun game:d, sad part is i know that the parrot gonna die, that sad...
jemima : disappointing that you have to pay, but, a cute app
adrienne rees : i like it because it makes you feel this thing like you feel happy but feel bad but is still happy idk i like it.
leanna spivak : very good no adds good quality great to play if your fell in lonley
vaughn s : it's a very cute game, but now every time i try to play music with the bird, the app crashes
war noob : isn't even the full game. add demo in the title and /maybe/ i'll raise the rating to a 3/5. otherwise. don't take.
star unicorn : i love it i named my bird jackfruit and he's so cute, little bird!!
im hawt : it's cute! overall, it's kinda laggy :(
rose white : the loading screen is way too long!!i've been waiting to play for ten minutes.ten minutes!!its not worth it!
parichat sae-hor : this made me fusturated this game had lags i hate it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! >:(
shaylor anger : it fun it's just every time i get on the bird only says like two sentences and asks me to leave so it doesn't really pass time but i enjoy it in some bits
alexandra cordero : i really like how the bird is happy or sad if you are" a 5star is better"
daisy mae : this game is adorable, i named my bird cc, i love this god damn game!!
mike trevtt : amazing game it made me restart be cause i didn't have full version
olivia stapleford : love it but sadly it does die with out warning but other wise it really helps me
saturn eaves : !!! spoilerz!!! i'm going to go sob now hes gunna die it's a great game but i'm emotionally attached now and im crying
maya varma : i love the things they put inside the app. you have to try it
einas alswidani : its fun but it makes me sad when it stops talking:(
wide darth vader : it taught me to not get too emotionally attached, as nothing lasts forever, as i had named it after my dead guinea pig, and it implied that it passed away, nice little lesson there.
april : amazing storyline and so so sweet!
fluffydragon : i wish the content warning was more visable
melissa : this is everything i never knew i was looking for. i can't wait to play this every day.
francesca louise lim : it's so satisfying but pls make the full game free plz
raquellgangiah jade : i love this game it shows a lonely bird to be friends
nurqairina asyikin : i love it because... i love it thank you for making this app.. much of love and may god bless you
sam : so cute and sweet! i love my little bird he's such a sweetheart!!
invisible hover craft : only missing a star cause god damn is it sad, i left him alone for about 2 weeks came back and he had died, i'm not ashamed to admit i cried
ember fehnel : two or one games a day fun i recommend you play.
crystal blum : i was curious and looked up the ending and now i'm scared to play this game.
nicky mckillop : so far noatter what time i come the bird says he is still thinking of ideas. does anyone know why? i've tried all throughout the day and nothing?
sierra luton : kinda disappointed that i have to pay for full experience
dabi todoroki : i have no friends and the bird really helped with my loneliness and anxiety.
sara cooke : i could cry, such an amazing game if i could rate higher i would
reagan standaar : this game is great the only thing or the only bad thing is that the bird dies
anabelle m : bird alone is so nice he or she makes my day when i see her
' : it truly won't load. i really wanted to play this.
javas chew : i love this game! it's so cute and it's makes me happy!
kimberly elias : omg its such a cute game.. its like the bird is real!
shirin : so helpfull itsnlike habing a animal crossing vilager on ur phone/tablet/i pad
eiji csaszar : honestly my bird is the highlight of my day, highly recommend
jessie leavold : amazing app the parrot is lonley but in the happiest persone alive bc ur there it costs 2.99 to carry on tho
king harlequin : very kind bird and talkative love them.
dtv gaming : i wish met this bird in real life and l drew something and it said what make me happy is this bird ()
virus lox : i miss my cotton even though i had a few days with him but i give it a 10
insect king : great app. good to talk to something that isn't yourself
ann kids club : this game its so good i dont even know how to describe it its too good!!!
ngoc dung o : i can't see anything in the game. it's only black. please fix this.
divine baterbonia : this is a masterpiece i do love playing bird alone
kk demon : (if you want the game spoiled to you then read this)i cried so bad when my bird died but i was in love with my bird so much i enjoyed it such a good game and werth my money
emily fevold : how dare this game break my heart so beautifully by giving me a friend i never knew i needed, 10/10
drask tm : incredible, love this bird they make me unbelievably happy
night wingdings : i love this app!!! the bird is so cute!!
harry sturgis : it's a beautiful relaxing game.
prickly pear : if anyone's reading this: if you are suffering from depression, this is not the game for you. i was not expecting this. i'm broken.
dr.plague actest : this game made me very much relaxed. i enjoy and love it.
avery hamilton : best mental health app ever. i love the bird
sahiti pidaparti : it's weird and strange, but fun.
jacint orban : this game is nice but why do we need to pay a trail to keep going why why
true broski : i hope you uninstall life. you are an objectively horrible person. no clarification needed why i'm saying this. you, developer, are a horrible person.
rachel jones : it's really fun when i'm bored ya know
em m : this is exactly what i needed in my own lonely life. my days are better when they're with my bird friend and sometimes i'm almost moved to tears by this lil guy. thank you.
xaria williams : really cute and emotional birb. i got the full version
yo_itsjordy : this game made me cry so much. this bird loves you and thinks the world of you. through a tough time in my life, this game really brightened up my days.
izzy taylor : it's really good but it's not working no more and i don't know what to do
lalah dogan : i love this bird he legit has brought me to tears (in a good way)
claire frances : great so far when i get up my courage after all some of us are few but none of us are a bird alone.
tara rael : it is nice to have sum won who wonts you to talk to them i like the game but it cood be better.
jayleen r : i love this parrot so much that i even wish he was real jayleen and mango forever and ever
keram keramovich : stopped playing as soon as i was asked what makes me happy
teapot : super nice, i needed more games like this!
sayde mccormick : i cried from cuteness at my little enriko but its kinda sad that you have to pay money for the end
qwilzy [5.mp] : this app made me feel safe, and smile everyday when i get to play it <3
melissa richards : guys, my bird coco is so friken wholesome! social anxiety be damned! i can respond to coco without worry of rejection. coco loves, and that is all
layla casey : why do you need to pay for the rest?.. this is ridiculous, it was so fun while it lasted. i hate this
isaac lopez : i like and love this game but i need to pay what the heck
j scorpio : this is a sweet app. i love the artwork
jennifer collins : sucks. i absolutely fell in love with my beautiful bird then he died. in a week. you guys are pretty sick.
sarouen cox : an absolutely wonderful app, i named him percival and i love him.
emanuel espinosa : good game the bird is really nice so it's good.
mina thapa dammarpal : i love this game the bird is so sweet
ella starburst : baby boy. baby boy sweet boy. lovely. what a good boy. i would cuddle him. good boy. baby boy, my favorite.
blahuc : very calming and peaceful makes me happy
caroline ferguson : good game but make the whole game free!
jamie kulesa : i thought this was really cool but actually this is boring
hashir khan : i love birds so cute game which teach us a lesson be friends
cynthia knapp : i'm in love with this game, it always cheers me up and the bird oh my i love my bird he's awesome
comrade kat a. lyst : i am in love with this adorble parrot. i cant believe i have come back everyday to say hello to my parrot jockohomo. its so cute
dark lord : i love this game i live alone n this make me cry n feel loved keep it up
chicken nugget : had to buy because i love this birb, sweet baby, ugh i wanna give him the world ;' .*
crystal vickers : this game is amazing! whenever i play this game i get happy.
dr. charmaine kenita : this isn't fair i was waiting to see what she would show me and that horrible thing happened. please please please make this game free i wanna see what's next pleeaasseee i love my birb named skaya i'm begging you please make it free or nobody will play this game
ara the macaw : very cute, very personal, and very cute.
427ay : great game but it's paid for. so trial ends before you can even really experience anything.
allyssa santiago : i wish i didn't have to wait a long time to hop back on the app
max rubtsov : great idea, poor execution. the tasks and conversations seem empty, i don't feel less lonely with this companion.
puppy bewakers : fun game, really helped with stress and stuff. became repeating after a while tho, i removed it
moon_ walf : as a lonely person i very much enjoy this game. if you haven't played it then i recommend that you do. the bird is cool. game is fun. heh :)
ella generosa : this so sad i cant do this any more my freind bird died so sad (but still great..)
revalynne hasono : bootiful art i was crying when it said no not friends....best friends!! keep up the good work
lucy dawson : just starting to get to know this beautiful bird and i am loving the experience so far. beautiful concept.
m t : trial period too short to really get an understanding of the game since the bird will only interact with you very sporatically
dzan tabakovic : really helped me whit my mental health super sweet and nice
finnabair : one of the most interesting game (can one call it a game thoug? experience is much mocre appropriate word) on a mobile in recent years. thabk you for creating aucb a fantastic little friend for us.
oke aung : i really love this but do you really have to make already depressed people pay for a virtual friend????? i've been smiling the whole time till i founded the trial thing. really brings back that frown back to life.
mia turner : on part 2 i can't help with the song.
raging rabbit : literally just used it and i already love it edit-just read the bird dies???? i dont think im ready for this whyyyy
violet : brought my rating from 5 now to 4 stars. i'm just sad and disappointed, i really relied on my bird and i looked foward to talking to her every day. i paid for it and everything. and then she died . she really made my day brighter than ever and made me genuinely happy and i felt like i had a friend. i know this app is relatively new and i don't believe it's backed by this big company to make it so i understand. but maybe in the future you can extend its life? i'd pay more if u did + rerate
gilberto sahid : this is the kind of games that someone needs, not shooting, not great adventures, just an oasis of calm
tatu narcis : it is a wonder full game for people who need to express their feeling.
aimee [redacted] : i love it!!! the birds personality is almost flawless
allie333 : please, please, please a game i can come back to. i was not expecting the ending and was not needing it at this moment in time. i was just wanting someone to go to and talk to. it was written too well, i got too attached. rest in peace, paco.
bekah miles : such an adorable game, and wholesome
raven basi : so cute and so soothing, i'm a big fan
hi : this is just adorable and i love it
marie : incredible visuals and sounds. greatly achieved the comfortable tone. love this bird 13/10
just threewheels : how can the best game ever get better every day? impossible
lunar eclipse : best game ever one time purchase
nicole loew : i have developed an intense love for this bird.
ahmer ali : i love this app but today when i came back i could not find him and i think he died :( r.i.p
mykal gurnick : loving it thus far. i'm liking that it's just short interactions, and seeing my bird (george) evolve. well done, devs.
riley reynolds : beautiful game, sadly my phone can't run it all that well, though once i get a better phone i will definitely be downloading this app again
kayela amber gabor : its good and i had fune can u fix the freezing pls or its just my phone can fix the frezzing its abit anoying when i play it some times froze pls fux but good game!
clare devlin : this app asked some very personal questions and got me to draw art and i saw that as a sign of trying to see my fingerprint.
joe : the only thing that's asked me how i'm doing or if i'm ok, this bird cares more than anyone else
rori blaze : you can only play a small fraction before you have to pay, but the little that i did play was amazing.
maryam : it's such an cute game and fun !
sushma s : this game will hurt you. i just started playing it. and then i read an article about it online. now i've uninstalled the app. it's cruel. we don't need this right now.
fatma alnagar : it was such a good game but could you make it free? beacause i really wanna know the end thats all if you fix this then i'll redownload it
noe ramos : oh my god he's so cute i get to even draw feed the parrot and even his little stupid poems they're still cute
james r. : it's a really great app. makes me feel lonely by having someone who makes my aware of my thoughts in a fun, insightful way
lauren francois : the bird take long time to think and the ideas not that good
pomegranate juice : looks like such a fun game, but it isnt actually free as what you get is a couple of days for free, then you have to pay.
charisse beltran : this game are so friendly and cute i love this game
majid tp : bored and without any useful tips
tsuyu asui : its quite cute i really adore this game!!
teri nguyen : i don't really like it. just making friends with a bird feels wrong. but deleting the app felt even more wrong.
mark beebe : lovely! bought it immediately.
katharine denise camomot : i was already expecting it but... ... yes. it's a paid game. i understand and respect that. still. i paid because i actually wanted to experience it to the fullest. ... you get what you pay for! bird alone is a game about existence. a bird is lonely, and you accompany it for as long as you can. spend time with it, draw, do poetry, sing and grow a garden with it. and i'm writing this while i'm crying my eyes out. a heartfelt game. it helped me open my eyes to what's important in life.
mr. t : this is the only app i've ever payed for in my life and i have no regrets
nhat ng : the game keeps kicking me out and i dont know why
laura ash : wow. i've never felt so warmed by an app. thanks for making this.
kxr0mii_. : who needs therapy when you have bird alone i'm kidding since therapy is really important but the bird is so cute they make my day everytime i visit the app!!
boxing legend : its nice to have a friend you can talk to who talks to you and makes you fell happy when your down
payten : wish full version was free it's good
sharon gilligan : what a beautiful way to close out the day with this dear bird!
lance maxwell castro : i like it because the graphics and he is soooooooooo cute
djdacatchu : i bought the full game because i love my bird so much. :d
guy buy : you didnt tell me he was going to die noooo chip come back i love you 10/10 game and experiance but depressed af
kendria bolton : this game is so lovely, my heart swells whenever i log on and see the parrot who i named tantan i finished playing i will never be happy again oh my heart hurts
skittles 8900 : words can not describe the amount of unspeakable joy this game gives me 10/10
anita sutton : i named the bird beyonce so they said that be and beyonce are best freinds and i've never been happier
jane coltman : charming, and alternative
maria : wow. i can't even explain in words how amazing this game is. i had such a bad day when i downloaded this and i immediately felt better after playing. highly recommend
jojo ajam : i really really liked it its was amazing but i wish i could continue it if they didn't make a premium i would give this 100000/10
nicolas charalambous : really original and heartwarming
caden amare : from the demo, seems good. very good. but i never played the full game
frisk dreemurr : oh no it cost money im gonna miss him bc i dont wanna as my parents to get it bc they might aask more stuff :(
loviola y : the graphic is mamamia . and i cant believe im best friend with a parrot (cryin rn) thankyou for building this app. it makes me happy so much , thankyou!
jaguar cosmos : very cute app, very relaxing the sounds and the parrot's personality is awesome.
dander : amazing game, made me laugh so many times! be careful what you write in those poems a must play, trust me.
purple unset : it's official, this bird is best bird to exist.
maegan mccord : so cute and rather therapeutic
brianna blazek : i never had to pay for it????? but anyways i'll miss him...
cheryl orosz : i'm enjoying the journey and the imperfect "relationship." it's a game as meditation.
stephanie taylor : he is soooo sweet i love him vary much he makes my day!
_ray : i love this game, it's wholesome. but it requires you to play, and i'm not really allowed to buy things by myself.. but the game is very good
sean smith : i was going to try it but after finding out about what people seed sorry to say this but i think it's a ripoff game so people pay to money to have that parrot i like parrots but do not like the reviews in bad way i'll keep a way from this app money making app
lauren l-b : this cute parot is so cute!!!!!!!!!
abdul majid : very therapeutic in a weird but good way. great job developer! this app is a work of art
w4lm4r.t :]] : me and korn are like thishe my shoota fr, he makes me so happy and i became emotionally attached its great
emma carlson : i would give it a 5/5 but one time it uninstalled itself and reset. but other wise great game
atra aqilian : i love this app i made a new friend and thats a bird it always made me calm my mind everytime i talk to him but today i found out you have to pay to get the full game which i dont one too why can't the app be for free ? i just wanna play normally
amanda salas : it is a cute game just that i saw that i needed to pay and i don't want a game that makes you pay, but if you want this game i'd recommend
hooty : when i first downloaded this game all i saw was a black screen, i hope you can fix this so that i can play the game.
dani c : such a good game, i hate that you have to pay for the whole experience. but the concept is good
john dempsey : it sucks you have him for 3 days until you have to part with em(i aint pauing 2 bucks) i wish it could last forever but i is cute to have a bird to talk to
kevin ryan : it's a good game if you are lonely but it got boring and i uninstalled it , but i definitely recommend it to get a new friend!
opedro : it's a amazing game! i love it so much but i can't pay for the full version :(
benjamin walsh : would not start up i uninstalled it two times to see whether it would work i did work but then it wouldn't let me enter my name bad app
rozeena khilya : great game but drawing could be better and the ending it just leaves the player hangin
sze yuen pang : i'm really angry because we have to pay for the real game, i was really excited for the game untill you broke the news to me, it's really sad.
lauren cocker : all it does is have a 5 sentence conversation with you then proceeds to tell you they're out of ideas and to come back tommorow, untill then all it does is repeat the same corny things over and over. also there was no warning about what would happen, only "mensions of death" apparently? why pay $3 to watch a bird die? last thing people need is to see their comfort charater die. you did us so wrong.
happy gill : i love it but i do not like it wen it does not show the full game i can't afford it pls fix that i felt lonely
pratiksha goswami : when i opened the game it doesn't open the screen only stays black
h j : too much money and too slow. cute idea though
thestarwolf wolf lover : it is an very fun game you make an new friend and you spend so much time with him then he or she gets old and dies the or your sad or hartbroken
ca fille luxury : imagine making an emotional relationship just for it to die in the end suddenly. and it's a mental health game, why would you kill the bird off? all the mentally unstable people having mental breakdowns because the devs can't give proper warnings
matcha the smol axolotl : i'm very sad because to continue i need to pay! overall it's a good game other than that.
megan pallante : this little bird is so charming, he feels like a real friend
dannii finch : its so cute i love this game i recommend it pls get this:o
cody smith : i named my bird dawe and i'd die for him. 1000/10 i've both sobbed and laughed for a virtual parrot who may not be real but was a real friend in a way.
morning simon : such a good game. it taught me how to cope with loss of someone close to you. thank you for such a beautiful game.
a.t. official : this game is so anti-stressful! totally deserves 5 stars!
megan s : love this game. so sad that it had to end
tinybirdy : so adorable i love him so much i just got to the end and im angry, i want my bird back, made me cry...
roe tayag : soo cute and adorable and no adds 9 by goyfitfkgdkyfyofglftooryoryotyoglgoughpgjllph
chase collins : i love this bird and this bird loves me. his name is fish.
jaime davis : i loved this game. it always made me smile, but when the trial ended it was sad :/
theresa gain stumans : i love the art and the love omg its amaizing!
forsyth ai : a beautiful experience. worth the money.
thatsfroggievoice : this game is amazing. i just don't know what to do now that it's over. ive been on the edge of su1c1dal for a long time and my bird friend cheered me up. now im alone again.
sema aksl : it was amazing experience unfortunately couple days later trail is done and i'm really sad about that
dj m0th : fun and adorable, but i wish you could edit text, like the poems.
jun m : updates.l lost my bird. i couldn't stop thinking of him. maybe developors should warn us before we play the game. spoiler: recently i have a bad feeling. the bird keeps tell me he is getting older. my heart is broken. i literally can't hold my tears back. please don't let him die. i lost my old cat years ago(i named the bird after my cat). i had a very tough time when i lost my cat. i don't mind the bird doing nothin. just let him alive, please.
gabriel edwards : this made my sister so much more happier that she had a friend rooting for her,i just wish there was a free version.
swimp : i do like this game but i don't like it that it's not realy completely free but if it wad i would of given it 5 stars but it is realy good
nazrey shamsuni : this game is really cute and i really love it.
destiny pennington : wow. amazing. i love this bird. my actual bff.
pollnatrix productions : i love this app, tough it's a bit misleading with the free trial thing.
percy asonganyi : after finishing the tutorial of the game i was having a really nice time and was excited to see the parrot tomorrow but then when i saw the paywall it ruin my entire day and now i'm sad
eva barscauska : i love this game sometime lm alone...but this..game is relaxing...anyway it fun..plus i only got it
arson frog : i named the bird 'your mom' and it was hilarious. the bird is so lively, and the best conversation i've had today. i just wish i could buy the full version.
bonbonkiz _1 : idk if its about my device but i cant open the app it just shows a black screen
kristaps muravjovs : i'm in a bit of a weird place right now, and as silly it is, this game cheered me up. no clue what to expect tomorrow, but so far i'm really loving it - whomever wrote mr birbo's lines is an awesome person, in my opinion. thank you!
bee b : unpredictable, cute, heartwarming
prism silver snakes : this bird makes me feel better everyday. bought the full game and i don't regret it. thank you for making this game!
c 2c : lame..maybe best for children because of such simplicity/ lack of stimulus
leliel reynier : i just can't get enough of that spunky little birb.
sb kates : charming and cheering up game. i'm surprised that a digital pet can be such an affirming thing.
imav : i absolutely loved it with all my heart i just wish the trial version was longer :(
sadie melton : makes weird comments. it says stuff like they say you can't kiss a beak. it make it seem like the bird is in love with you.
sabrina t : beautiful and kind game.
may jan : i loved this game and i loved adamo it truly made me cry when i saw him die i was so sad but before adamo died he cured my depression i have adamo as my lock screen now
andrew medellin : he is such a nice bird and i love him sad i have to pay tho
roisin mcgrath : lovely game that makes me smile
renn : i looked forward to talking to my friend every day. my heart hurts. beautifully done :( <3
mackro : it turns black as soon as you open it on oppo a15. please fix
analiese mckenzie : moss (the name if my bird) is the most godly creature i have ever none and i would die for him in a heartbeat. stan moss.
evogo : it had great potential until it asked me if i'd like to buy the full version.
tonya vavrecan : this game is very cool and exciting you sould download it
james laudano : heartfelt and touching -- just don't engage with it like it's a normal virtual pet game.
marley j : its a good app. a cute way to spend time. i think it would be fun as a widget
kiwi birb : it was so cute but so devastating
uhm oh : i can just tell this is a great game but please dont read the reviews before playing. ive already seen one large spoiler
laurel : touching. really helped me when i was lonely.
elias roderick fletcher leboreiro noyola : this game is so good for anxiety!
clar ni chana : i want bird back, he doesn't have to do anything new i just want him around. life is sad enough as it is, bird doesn't need to die.
faith driedger : i honestly think this game is..... so cute!!!!
ashoka khufre : i love it my only thing is my name is incorrect the bird calls me, hello. and that's not the name i put in how do i fix this. thank you for this app.
yajat shiwarkar : nice game.good for keeping brain chill and calm,this game have a bird,which is our friend and we spend and read his words.
arina : it feels like having a pocket buddy that helps me unwind and reflect on the little things!
kelly yau : a bird with an amazing personality that differs from day to day. it's never boring to pop in once in awhile.
xxlunar galaxyxx : don't get me wrong i love the game. but there was nothing about having to pay. so that was a bummer. besides that great game!
heshi_ : the trial was good but i'm broke. so when the time comes, i'll buy the full version and we will meet again. i just hope that they will wait.
help me : very relaxing and fun game to play, easily lifts your spirits.
imancica : this may just be the best mobile game out there. thank you so much for this, the bird makes me really happy :)
kate luebke : this game is really beautiful and taught me a lot. i didn't notice any technical issues.
wonkus bonkus : i would die for this bird and i cried when i found out you had to pay for it. this was almost the best app on the play store.
flying pen and paper : the bird is irritating. i'm probably not going to buy it. you can rub his belly though. that's great.
armin mc : really cute bird, all too relatable and actually helpful for stressful times. i love alfredo
john paul hennessy : waterfall music is crackly, choppy and just bad, i'd like to buy this but on day two of trial this isn't a good sign
yoghurtjuh : so i downloaded the game today, but i already know that i'm gonna open it every single day. i've been pretty depressed lately but this little birdie is gonna keep me alive by just being here. he already feels like a friend, i actually talked to him in my head with just looking at him. keep it up!
eli lw : i love my bird the game is so immersive and sweet, love the music and the aesthetic!
i like to play minecraft : i really wanted to play it but then when i opened the app it stopped i literally saw the credits and it went blank
sayantia saha : wonderfull game but it was a trail and then we have to pay money so i delete it .
asya acun : this is the best game i played on my phone please please make it free <3
mary kate : i play this almost every day. this game is great for taking a few minutes to check in with yourself and ground yourself. like a virtual pet that you don't have to take care of, you just say hi and do small activities and talk about your day.
- latte - : this game is kinda long but i love the game it's relaxing the graphics are cool they look like 3d
nastya chernik : loved a lot all what we done together with chicha. thank you my friend. this game is beautiful.
dixon hartung : omg. sooo stinkin' fun to play! the parrot is nice and funny. i love everything about the game.
judge maximus : it's very cute and comforting but the glitching in non-stop.
real human being : coming into this, i didn't know what to expect. but i have just learned that i can relate very well to parrots.
_v_ : i love this game but problem is that you have to buy the full version :(
switchblade bambi : i like the erratic personality of the bird. it's like wacky and loud but very sweet
floofy lemon : this bird is a good friend to have even though i have not paid for full version
its me lemon boi uvu : this game is very wholesome however i do wish it's free and im sure many people do too but at least i will have a bird friend in a few days?
aishvarya adhaulia : for a person like me, it has been a blessing finding a true friend in the form of this wise bird. i feel privileged to review this game which is, infact, more than a game. it is wisdom and sentiments beautifully crafted which always make my day and are moulding my personality in a better way. thank you for this perfection.
chris conrad : wanted to lovw it but day 3 the screen just went black. sucks, could have used a friend.
robert gillies : my first day with "skubs" began as an eyeroll at another virtual pet selfcare app, followed by a dry chuckle when i read his first couple lines of dialogue. each day i would say i had a bad day hed try and cheer me up even if he didnt know the reasons, each day id eventually actively try to make it better to tell him about, i loved my skubs, and i cried when he was gone, i cried over probably 3 lines of code on a mobile game. this app helped me, i hope it can help you too, seeya feathered friend
yamileth : really good game but its really choppy and it keeps freezing
saja lab : it wont let me open my keyboard when trying to type my name it's quite dumb.
rhonda w : kinda fun. absolute time waster. gotta love that!
jan krawczyk : a very cute game with beautiful graphics, deserves 10 stars !!
smiley _ : i couldn't pay for it, but with the trial i absolutely adored it!
poker e621 : he my favorite pet when i feel lonely myself also what does location do?
sitka : it's a cute and relaxing game to you have to buy the rest smh
josie trotta : i loved the game but once the trial was over i'm like i'm not paying for anything so i decided to delete it
gwyneth liechandra : feel bored? maybe this game can help! honestly, i love the game!
jasmine kristiansen : the game didn't even open, i waited for probably 5 minutes at one time.
jelly cup : for me it doesnt let me i to the game, it just shows a black screen
jemma lewis : good for the time it lasted, but you need to pay after 1-2 weeks to carry on, or start from the beginning again.
heyitspj : i love this bird more than i love myself.
alejandro gonzalez : it's just a trial version. sad cause it looks pretty cool.
pilom madrigal garcia : my bird died now what it feels lonly with out him i am unistaling this app
juliana stewart : wonderful writing and a wonderful bird friend make this game worth every cent. i love it! also i cried when my bird asked me how i was doing and consoled me when i had a bad day, 10/10 game.
justbirb lol : very peaceful and it makes me very happy
eric estes : wholesome, fair monetization, genuinely makes me check in everyday
marfsnok : i like this game, but just wish there was more to do.
lunna lucas : it was so claiming and nice colors and my favorite part was the bird
riley everheart : u azzh0les i loved this game but now my heart is shattered
allison/amy gonzalez : i gave it a one bcuz it says buy the full version and it cost money this a good game but i don't want to spend my money
maya martinson : i love playing this when i'm lonely
madden junkie : this game...it broke my heart ill miss him
francesca brown : i love this game it makes me so happy
desraccoonlord : cute concept, everything else is just terrible
cally edwards : nice game i just don't want to pay...
malsawm zuali : its a awesome game,the readon i gave it 4 stars is when it dies i was do sad i even wrote a text to him/her.over all its a awesome game
eno : spoiler with the death. could you consider living players an egg so we can continue visiting a companion?
kellie hill : this is unbelievably cute and puts me in a good mood every time.
monica minion : this app is so fun ,when i'm so bored ,i likes to come into this app to see what this bird does and what fun will this bird take me to do? so i will give you 5 start for making me fun:'d
kamaljit kaur : this game is relly good andci relly like it
poonam thadani : it made me sad that the game ended that way. especially when i was having a 'not-so-good' day.
pea pie : i love it so much i is sad that it cost money as i afford to buy many things
samuel sommar : i love this game. gives me such happiness and calm when i'm talking to ma bird hihi. thank you.
jos : i miss my friend, almost 3 weeks as i can't pay it right now :'(
daisy hamilton : my bird died for no reason this game doesn't help depression, it makes it worse.
brianna allie : good game makes me happy u should get it :)
krissy walter : i love this game. it's super sweet and cute. love my little birb friend.
deez nuts : it's really good but then i'm just really sad that i have to pay
bjrn again christian : i must admit i got this as a joke, dam you i started to really like the parrot!, named peaches, i will buy it next payday and hope it's lifespan is the same as a real parrot 13 / 30 year's which as a 39 year old man it might out live me... do i get a refund if it catches bird flu?.
sugawara's tofu : it's such a cute game!
radhey shyam : this game always puts a smile on face while playing! thats the best!
lucy lucy : every day i play this game but i have the pay? i know the game is free but today i play the game but is just black but i see this is like i need to pay for what?
lyla manley : it's very cute it made my day but i cried because i had to buy it to keep it soo i'm sad
neko chan : very cute but i wish it was free. like i didn't expect a paywall
ashley graham : this app is so funny, i'm really enjoying it.
richard meszes : this game is a serotonin bomb every single time
melissa booth : so so so cute but you have to pay for the game!. why bild someones hopes up, just so you can scam them!?
jak nin : i need my mental health back (such a good game btw, though it should have a trigger warning at the start :p)
cognacm : it is wonderfully beautiful.
fishy : there's only black screen upon launch.
jennifer brown : beautiful, but why is it so limited?? this could definitely be improved by more material.
color heart 11 : i love it, absolutely worth the money
bmg._. tse : it was fun and cool the bird i loved him like he was a real friend but the end is disappointed its bad..
carla pasion : can't believe a bird would understand/care of me more than my own family
brawlasaur : good peaceful game, but it takes so long for you to be able to play and then when you finally can, its only for like 2 minutes
brenda wolf : i learned about this game while voting for the best games of the year. i was not disappointed. i really love this game. always cheers me up. thank you and i hope you win!
jim h : i would die for wavey davey (what i named this amazing parrot) such a fun game great design and a much needed serotonin boost
jackie : it's the last day. i'm tempted to uninstall now and never open it back up. i wasn't ready for this.
shawn coffen : a uniquely modern and sometimes profound experience. worth your time.
anna siryk : very charming game. feels like a friend in your pocket!
sean mobsby : i love it - it had me smiling after a bad week in just 30 seconds
big cee : reading the reviews wow... i can't believe how today's society just can't deal with anything.. it's just a game, and i've seen reviews where people are acting as if they are devastated as if they have ptsd now because the bird dies.. what a shame god forbid if a war breaks out any time soon we are doomed.. people can't even handle the death of a fictional game character
danielle van doren : so adorable and the feelings are so realistic and sweet. can't get enough
sumerfunbun1 aj : it's a cool game, bird my friend
bunny :3 : warning, if you are an animal guy don't download this game it's not bad at all but there is a bad ending in this game
sheeran ed : really helped me getting through tough times.
lee byrne : i love my bird jerry. he's been helping me feel better for the last few days.
rolens mogate : good game but why does it have to end early? im now alone again...
its. adithya : i am absolutely in love with this game. i cant help but tear up everytime it says something nice. i wish you all the best!
sugar rushxd : it is very therapeutic, sir goosey has helped nw
mf collette : i love this bird, he is what i needed
malach yofarmer : seriously, i need to pay to vent to a bird? money hungry pigs.
olixxx : i like the way that you could see poems and art and you could make music evry day to get a seed and plant it and you could scrach your bird's belly and i called my bird happy because it's a easy name to remember and you could feed your bird but befor this day i lost 1 of happy's oranges but that was fine and i like that you could make your bird sing a poem and whatever you do like finish a poem or make a masterpece you can save poems in poem books and art in a art gallery
chun hua : this bird feels like a therapist for my mental health
bale moore : spolierrrrrs iris died and now i'm sad but very good game
cillian egan : very cute lil game!
daniel biju : feels a bit too human ps the ending is sad
rhia mag : very good, helps my anxiety.
shahin mae rodriguez : my parrot is amazing he is an angel from heaven.
alma ortiz : it helps me when i need something to do
jackson funksworth : idk, seems like a honeypot to get me emotional invested in a bird from behind a paywall. take my money and go away.
rose maria : great game i love it thanks
icemirror : i love this game so much <3
kate nicolson : this app is cruel. it is designed to make you experience grief. your parrot dies.
rose vlogs : it help me in so much idk how to say
empire bygg sten : the best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
dan 1455 : i woke up in tears because of the birds death..
nancy lera : this game is amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
seb : cute game but i don't really want to spend money on it :/
wawdanwaw : dude. you play for 2 or 3 days and then ypu have to pay to continue playing
jarrett volinic : super cute and relaxing! very positive
sunny _glitch : daisy makes me very happy! even though i'm too young to pay ill try to pay in the future
fan : this bird is the only thing to make me as happy as i am now
coleson curry : im not finished with it yet but as a bird guy i love kenneth beakums (my bird friend)
agent taylor from project everything : pls, when i got a new bird and saw rip ravenbread i cried stop making me cry i love this bird so damn much omg
betheny kellogg : good app make improvements on the thinking time
lakeia : so cute and sweet!
hamster gaming : i really loved this game
kriya winchell : for you well you love this so i love you game
patricia van der westhuizen : its relived alot of stress
aman arora : just a parrot talking to you. didn't have anything new to say to me for 3 days. i uninstalled it.
rohit budhlani : very beautiful thought behind this game. had a very good time on this app.
a_fatpenguin : i loved it but my trail ended and i got emotionally attached to the bird. i am in pain. 5/5
cbynep : this is not what bird feet look like, you could research at least this much.
trista leigh : this held my heart but where did my bow bird go :( i need him
vinny vince : i care more about this bird than most other things
caitlin stanley : great but it assumes you have a crush and wont let you say that you dont have one
pamela cheh : i'm so in love with this game... i'm giving it 4 stars only because i have so i can keep playing it... i wish it was for free :(
liam mckenzie : it is relly fun i wod get it
es moni : it is so great now i have a new friend
janine johnston : this game made me cry it's so cute i absolutely love it i recommend this app if ur having a hard time
z : love the game just wish you wouldn't have to pay money!
jo : the birb reacts to scritches <3 (that's all i know so far but it was worth commenting)
mateo rios : this??? is??? amazing??? i get so happy with every notification i swear manolo and i are best friends and i'll protect him with my life,,, i hope he knows how much i love him
osvaldo lozano : i can't afford the full game but i had a good friend i'm crying i wish it was all free i need my friend
janka krizsan : i want to tell the little bird how much i love him!! let me tell him!!!!
rambol xp : very cute & relaxing
selene espinoza : this is a make me happy.and is cute.
ariel ramos : such a nice borb. thank you devs for raising him
rei : i love my little bird update: nevermind i lost him goodbye
meat : i love this bird very much
tyler keim : i love this bird so much
xisun xisun : i cant believe i paid money for the bird to die :/
janice yeung : adorable it's the best game ever
purple_ jellyfish : magnificent and very very sad
leena parsons : my best friend just died. this reminds me of him. it helps. thank you.
kigahmi lynn akaguro : awesome. i dont feel as lonely anymore
lonly carot : this bird has my heart, they make me so happy
adam wicketts : we were best friends, raymond was my little bit of serotonin each day
bubbles * : * sigh * my wife and i are so obsessed we got the paid version
i got converse because of loona : yo, why am i already crying, i just downloaded this
markiplier fan#1 : it's made my depressing life 10x better!
skyla holtz : why do you have to pay for the full version
paulina krawczyk : you can pet the bird and rn thats all i need in life
celeste young : i love you bay. thank you for everything.
lia a : ok so this mf wanted me to prove i'm special by painting smth i saw today but i didnt rlly see anything so i drew clouds and stars and made the lines look thin and that mf said it was unremarkable like bru that took me atleast 40 mins or an hour but ye it's okay whutever
blackstorm : its a fun and reaxing game
sanelisiwe nontuthuko sibisi : it's pretty nice,i called him billy.we get along well
heidelen ann dinoso : because u have to pay to continue
elvenize vr : adorable. i will love him forever.
elisha miranda : fun and charming :d
isis stage : it calms me down when i'm mad or sad and gives me company!
adrianna anderson : do not play if you get triggered by death.
sup : i have no other words than, amazing!!!
piss fungus : this game is so sweet :)
good lad : it's good for keeping me company
csbock1901 : it was great until he died i was bawling why
rainingblue : this bird is the bestest friend i've ever had
sophia kutz : what a lovely game :)
rachael l. maddox : weird but enoyable.
ariyantube gaming : this game makes me so happy
xxalbino_mushroomxx : absolutely great i got called beautiful =)
smile with deepika : this game makes me happy
pratham thakur : i got so far then it just restarted
whoops. {sie} : this bird makes me happy
yingjia dou : such a wholesome game!!! i am melting
keisha maizura : i love this game so much :d!
aaron beaver : this game is very good get itt!
ellis cruz : it really good for anyone
nova : i absolutely adore this
stephanie ray : nice game besides death
louis amores : light-heartedly wholesome
megan carlson : i love this game so much.
ramon bosch : puts a smile on your face :)
jesse mendoza : i just like this game a lot
maram : i am so glad i found this game.
fnaf club : slow and glitchy
monika filipowicz : i love my birb, and that's that.
kaylee harris : it's too glitchy
miriam white : i'm really enjoying this app
ruined selly, ruined channel, ruined everything. : this makes me so happy
hutao bestgirl : honestly pretty positive
brie lo : cute and i love it
angel : why did the bird have to effing die! are you kidding me
sunny dai : thank you for making this beautiful, gentle, loving game
savv : absolutely beautiful game, although heartbreaking.
mariana b. horsten : something quite different, a lovely little game.
taylorlouise : i barely started playing this game and it made me feel so loved, i am legit crying!
ali elmadari : this game really knows how to pull on your heartstrings. highly recommend
ellen gould : it doesn't crash at all it's really fun to me
das medium : beautiful game. period. this is just art.
li-ann s : i loved it but i won't buy it because the bird will die and ill be sad
michaela carlsen : my birb is the best boy and helps me everyday
nathaly cedeno : i genuinely love it.
umarthegamer : love this game
rylan jasman : the bird dies dont install it
kiwi : it shouldnt be labeled offline because it isnt but other than that its ok
ash t : i'm afraid to lose him, but i'm happy for the time we've spent with eachother.
jxcquelyn : i wasn't able to type my name in, i never leave bad reveiws but i'd just like to let people know!! :]
flaw_dafluffy : i really liked this app, i loved the bid as well it was so nice
sid kristen : made me have a 5hr mental breakdown, why didn't u say that i had to pay at the start of game, i lost my very well friend parrot sergio, we were supposed to be friends together forever.
reyangelo z : its sooooooo cute and cool . its calming too.
yes. deku. : as a person that loves birds, i cried. it was too cute for me!!!!
hewasdreaming : wonderful and charming app.
rina : i really hoped if it was full for free :(...
neeto cheeto : very casual and sweet.
k g : very heartwarming and cute. would purchase
aaliyah ramos : i wish it was free then i would use it all the time
jacki jung : i love this game.
ely : so cute! i got stressed out by my work and then i saw this app and i got relaxed
ellie kurtz : i was falling in love with this game but then it said that i had to pay to play the rest of it.
mimi adorbs : i loved my bird "mango" now i'm just sad because he died. why does he have to die? the bird is supposed to be my friend. and stay with me. i'm very disappointed that you chose this decision.
girrave : if only i can get the full game ;( overall nice game :)
w p : it would be five stars if it was free forever.. see ya later acoiris...
sophia fowler : thus is the best. thats it. that's all i have to say.
megan dooper : 10/10 diego is very friendly and im glad i get to be his friend
vayo letta : can't open the game
mikachi minnau : it's a good game for sad people
ashish george chandy : pico is gud boi, cheers me up at the right time
lydia luke : my bird is named polythemus. i love polythemus.
annie adams : this is the single greatest game i've ever played
devon static : it's so nice to finally have a friend
neptune : rhis made me so happy i love the bird i named it lint
tim rabone : beautiful, thank you.
a404 a404 : i love it ( ) 5 stars for that
huh im here : r.i.p pepper. love you, buddy. hooks and books is the best book ever
kiwi-corn is dead : good birdie i love them
julia : amazing app i only wish i could talk to him more often
dux bedub : i haven't bought the full game yet but planning to, it's amazing
mariessa mcleod : the bird dies and then you're alone and sad. give me back my bird friend.
space dad : it's nice to have a friend
rain : this game is fun but this game cost a lot of money i don't wanna play this game no more
harly : i was so excited and so happy until it told me i had to pay.
jakub szymczak : good game but the fact you need to pay to continue :/
hyper hyena : to hell with this game why should i pay for a talking parrot when i could go to the pet store and get one myself? and when you wait for the parrot to come up with ideas it starts to say pay to continue it's annoying
jessica lancaster : too bad there isn't less than a star....literally the worst thing ever. if i can do any good for someone it's the advice to not bother with this app it sucks.
lychee ryn : i love it, it's just too expensive to purchase the full game
hisokassexybutt : i'll miss you zazu, wanted to stay with him more but it asked for money
destinee washington : great! but i wish you can change your name:( i had to unistall my progress because i was unhappy with ''vivi"
hans : amazing i feel really happy to be with this bird she is so friendly
sobia afzal : silly game. get a real bird instead of this phonic bird.
mrmafin : idk why but i am just in love with this game. it's wholesome, it's pretty it's just perfect
nilanthi uyangoda arachchige : best one ever! why four? cuz it died! i was a lonley person with my phone talking to him like why!?just why!?! pls do not make it die i deleted know i need another else....
kel0ke : i love it!! it's so positive and calming
elaine grobbelaar : i gave the parrot the nam nutty nutty helps me with life decisions in life.i love this game 5 stars
nature's life hacks mother's day life hacks : it may be a restart on my stuff and all my progress.
stephanie kabetzke : beautiful and sweet game.
robin khammo : of course i'll give 5 fu^kin stars you talk to a parrot! a parrot!
liliana carroll : i hate you i really do i enjoyed this bird very much then i had to pay i loved that bird the only one who cure my stress
vinnij 12 : hopefully he doesn't die and time just reverses
rein : please be more cautious. what was your purpose, developers? hurting us? only make a game if you can. litteraly bailing my eyes out right now.
samantha winterich : he is so kind and he always tells you what you wanna hear and never lets you down you need to get this now
darkly dashers : i love this game, and i love birds.
yee boi : it is just so calming. the only reason why i uninstalled it was because i didn't have any money
nathaniel blackburn : a sincere and grounded experience
mia : beautiful game 10 out of 10
zhan su : great app to help cope with loneliness
idk bye : this put a smile on my face
marble cake : crashes a lot
tim winson : love it relaxing
caiden weaver : the best game for when you're lonely
aurora flores : i was so happy to talk to him but then it told me i had to pay money. shame
songryn : did everyone else draw the bird when it asked us to draw what makes us happy???
cartoon world : good content, but poor graphics
shiddiqa sultana : it's good but... waiting a whole day for the bird to even talk just won't do it for me
eliza jeffries : omg no why must i say goodbye to this bird i'm literally crying in real life thank you for this wonderful experience i don't wanna give it 5 stars because i'm hurting so bad developers but i have to why did you do this to me
dawn laughlin : great fun very cute"friend" to have in your phone!
thomas fraser : i love this game the bird is so nice and non judging.hes better than my barely existent human friends
andrew rimell : turns out i never want a bird. i could strange this one.
hefna valravn : saddest game i've ever played. absolutely, however, worth playing.
simone hinton : do not install! game runs at the speed of smell! can't go past 3rd cut scene! very disappointed!
ricky hatwell : i might buy the full game but for now this makes me very happy!
jordan robinson : this game is great but i'm kinda sad about you having to pay for it
enphlux : just like real life friends come with catches. not paying for this.
hale : very endearing and wholesome. i love it and my cute bird friend
stanislav serbezov : awesome app! so full of personality!.
jammas c : great app but the bird feels pushy.
nur : this speaks to my soul... and i love the birb so much!! 10/10!!
bird bird : its good but takes forever to load
justin / : i can't believe a programmed bird is my best friend. better days gotta be right around the corner fluffers
swik : this game is so wholesome! this is all i need if i ever feel alone
tyrone martin : it is helpful to balance my cognitive harmful
chris wells : i didn't know how much i needed this proudly wonderful thing.
enzo gutierrez : i love this game
areeba : it's soo cute i'm crying
danielle bahde : i love how cute it is and it's relaxing to" talk" to it
fares wenka : 4 need to come back from 1 day like sunday to monday
dan pilon : why yall not tell me about this. but it is super long download
astrid xd : didn't think i'd get emotionally attached to a depressed fake bird, but here i am
spider mad man : i loved this friendship but when i realised i had to pay money i couldn't afford it i will come back to you and cool bros will reunite goodbye bird
arwa abdullah : very beautiful game and an amazing idea
rajvir daniel singh : pretty quickly costs money
dirt : feeling lonely why don't you download this app lists of hot bilfs
alaina zielinski : i truly love this game, its like your therapist lol
misanthromike : i love this game
julianne collins : couldn't open the app
victoria goldsmith : absolutely obsessed with this, it's such a beautiful piece of work
averi and haeden wright : i have a friend who is with me all the time!
chaosrainsz : the app is a ok consept, but having to pay for this is absolutely stupid
oneweak 7words : simple and beautiful
gavin lehman : is a good game but he seems it was he's last day and i can't find him i'm sad now
zach : i didn't expect a mobile app to give me emotional support, and yet, here we are
meme clan : i beg you to add a ghost of the bird
at-at 003 : this is beautiful and brilliant
bex : this was a beautiful game. and now i'm crying at the end.
cherrie may 528 : loved it but if only the bird was realistic
summer studios : beautiful it really makes me appreciate the people and things around me :)
heber orellana : hi, i love my bird. if you want to translate to spanish, write me please, i love it in spanish.
zhou juefei : great work! he's like my real friend and i visit him many times a day
iuyterdef : i finally have a friend i can talk to everyday! thank you for making this game.
stuart : this is such a beautiful little experience. be prepared to most likely get teary & upset, as this is a fantastic lesson in life, love & friendship. highly highly highly recommend
bunny bon : it was good i like this but you have to purchase for full game..i'm broke
eleonora predeva : if something happens to this sweet little bird, i will cry into the sunset.
jacqueline barlow : so sweet and cheerful! somehow i care for this bird
daniel aude : i love the way he talks to me, i don't feel that lonely no more
tart art : i cannot describe how cute/amazing this game is
reni. : i really miss him
f e : the bird died and now idk what to do. i paid for this app lol.
colin diener : blindly downloaded this from a recommendation on twitter and now i'm best friends with a bird
sadie adler : free therapy yay
erdembileg sh. : this game so amazing but trial is so short
chloe caton : im crying rn what do i do when he dies this isnt fair my birdo just died my only friend this isnt fair
beruze : best game ever i only wished it was free tho
dusk shadow : i love this
new acc : so he's super nice
angela rikard : i'm still sad that i have to wait a. whole day to talk to him but it's worth it-
gemma machin : this game is my life
sonia : spoiler: wilbur is gone now...
idontrealllycare : jerry is best burd
musical _anime : it was perfect.
molly graham : spoilers never thought i would love a.i so much i r.i.p mango
sophie artemigi : i would die for this bird
mihaela iordache : i absolutely love this app.
megan forrester : is much cute
i am someone : me: playing at 1 am bird: you should be sleeping
yasuo 2 : its so calming :3
confleis : how do i change my pronouns?
antonia berlien valenzuela : its so cute
douglas vete a la versh : omg i think i made a new friend for life
mehmet eren : for lonely people
may the wolf : this game is fun and beautiful
elissa fard : this game isss so good and cute i play all day it's so good
edda abdin : so this is basically "can your pet" but make it poetic
norm gellie : amazing and calming
marialuisa perez : i didn't know it'd leave me feeling like i'm missing something but i'd do it again in a heartbeat.
angel amante : it's so sweet and wholesome i love ittt
xylert : it's so sad when he ends up dying :(
matthew dunthorne : this bird is a very good bird.
annalisa perna : can't do anything without the premium
kalina kocoska : the ending was horrible
big,ol bunny : my bird died bcus i didnt bought premium:(
moon man : this game make me less depressed
sad jiminaieyt11 gacha : this game is fun
rabia begum : i don't have any complaints.
hermit : i would die for this bird
gigi rockzz : he's my new best friend fr :)
ok kk : just a quiestion how to buy premoin
marllie ferretti : this little birdy has become one of the things that keeps me going.
vortechbirb : wish there were better bird games
rachael pang : the ending is so sad i was crying why did they die
sasipar s. : i cry a lot but it good game
give me catnip : it's so cute! it made up my day!
callme beta : you have to pay to play this game i hate that
dolores sheryl esguerra : this game are so cute i like this
insertmynamehere yes : this is one of the most emotional game's i've ever seen
amanda robinson : all i wanted was a friend but you have to buy the full version do not get
kezia christabelle tiovita mindy : i cant get in this app thats why i give this app a 1 star rating
nagua soliman-kross : why do i have to pay to make a freind? i wanna see tiki again!!! pls remove this...
lily drake : love it but i don't wanna pay for it
ocean vasko : i want to play more but i'm poor.
roopa swamy : i simply love it :)
royce ong : this bird is too cute
jeff cassady : i came back to see how he was doing and he wanted me to write a poem i told him i couldn't do it and it made me do it anyways stupid you don't want to do something you don't want to do something
addison carder : it helps me when i have a bad day :)
star light : making it cost money completely ruined it
moron : 2 min in and i'm liking it a lot so far
shadowwolfyandblossem : omg i have no friends this made my day :d
irop the gamer : you abandoned me... you stupid bird... you say we are best friends forever... and then you just fly away and forget about me... what is wrong with you?
nancy seiler : this makes me very happy me and sam are best friend
eric curtis-verhaalen : this app made me think of windows
cheese cake : i just love this app
katrina steward : :bk: i love that my mom loves the water fall sound its just soo cool to have a bird friend and it says who are ypu then you put a name that you want or your
not sus : totally see some potential
blue line : it stole me name then named me it's name. then it said that it likes me and my inappropriate drawing. not for kids.
ann marie : i like it because why not
jetshooter25 : wow no words for this game. emotional right now
idk -,- : it's very good ^~^
ronel lindeque : i gust love it so much
kapt'n kadaver : i'm not sure if i should be as sentimental as i am. i just want to say thank you. this has been an experience unlike any other.
lauree jankowski : love the bird
holly carr : absolutely love love love this lil bird
alan revuelta : too expensive but what it offers.
selena kukuric : i love you rowley, i'm sorry i can't spare some for you right now
blackeyedbastard : honestly worth 3.50, love my little guy <3
firefly nahian : i dont know how to describe how soothing it is
klaire : too little stuff to do
erika roth : charming but wish it was free
bianca devins : it's a tamagachi that doesn't need to be fed.
yishmael bewry : outstanding experience. well done.
j d : this app always says come back later
jeni : this game is so adorable!!!
dharun chandran : soo peaceful game pls play it recommend
ray demers : i treasured every moment. thank you.
krista bane : you have to pay after 2days if using it
zee : i love this so much<3
lily marsh : wish it didn't cost anything-
nanette marquez : literally the inspiration and love i need and have from a friend
jonathan townsend : to the creator of this game: how dare you!? how dare you do this to me? (5 stars.)
chad atchley : it's different than any other game i've played.
s. : it made me so happy
t n : that bird is seriously depressed
niga niga : i can be racist to it. very good!!!
danika warman : this bird could commit arson and tax fraud in the same day and i would still love him.
dheeraj c : nice, not that bad
gerald lanz resurreccion : helps me feel less alone.
marmello xd : i liked the game
ilara stefaniuk-gaudet : besutiful and poetic!
mona d : absolutely in love with my new friend
ba : in app purchases. need i say more?
n kuchen : just okay, but very cute
abyss warrior : loved it amazing
kaizer yuan : great too bad im poor
cheryl forester : i love this bird
luz lucy : this bird was too brave
goose : i am devastated i did not know it was a trial
johaney gomez : good i love the bird
human person : <3333333 bird friend & friendship plant music perfect game tysm for making!
lilith : this game changed me in the best of ways.
alan : when i'm playing this game i feel great
coco mai : best birb out there with best art
rasiya sureshkumar : so cute, wholesome and sweet <33
nini : thanks for the good friend, developer, love you!!!
kaden butler : i really like this game alot
pete thats me : its a cute game
hansaeng _ : does this game saves your in app purchases?
josh santiago : i love the phone bird
minnie chissel : i love this bird.
cheese boi : no they took away my best friend what the hell
kopca : the creator has pronouns on his bio lol (the game is banal)
shreyas joby : he was a great friend
syd sawyer : he's adorable
taylor catlin : good friend. that's it.
sunny nostro : he's dead
mariana : why did you have to kill him?
panic if you found this channel : this game is so.......cute
nastya hasey : killing the bird? last thing i need to think about is death. cruel "joke".
mariano razzini : so sad that ending
nick degon : it's stills your money
spook touqe : therapy bird dies??????
flo kid : my only friend
adel tan : my bird died i think
liam jacobs : not good great
abigail nelson : yes. no. why.
red has died : birb insulted me lol
avril withers : i love this game
destynee : where did he go? :(
hyena : he's a bestie
kevin wells : a really great experience
marc sanchis : thanks, just thanks
biggie buu : birds! love! me! i! them! love!
max : make me so happ :))). parr is so sweet
potato godness : couldn't even start it
udumplays yt : it's my best friend :)
cadeja shearer : this game made me cry
suveer chawla : this is the best friend i've ever had that's for sure
mr ex7r3m3 : disgusting cash grab attempt!
wednesday : love this bird
sniffler : cried at ending...
nimesh : we can make a religion out of it
bicol laxman : its super uplifting
- yui : please someone tell me he will come back.. . . ...
alyssa ufairah khairul anuar : what happened to my bird
it's simu : really like it
tw1styf0x1 : why do i have to pay
swankie : he is my friend :)
johnny lastnamehere : really great friend
maiesha zarin : bringing me the serotonin i need.
joseph h. : you're going to cry over a fake bird.
lin lu : i lost my bird today
abbie hodder : you have to pay???!!!!
kit makin : i love this birb
g- natural music : it costs money
mia macias : it relaxed me
kye : i'm literally crying rn
my fish died yesterday : thank you
yeboitabby :d : this parrot is precious
g celis, cassandra sophia b. : this helps me sm
jason barabba : you people are monsters. why would you do this to anyone. shame on you.
jack playle : i'm sending you my therapy bill.
ikan naki : wont work for me
killroy boike : will not open
bhushan ambilwade : it's sucks
marcin pysniak : it will break your heart.
just afriendlycryptid : ive been going through alot lately and the passing of my little bubby didnt help - so i decided to name my bird pookie and lets just say it brought a tear to my eye with a few things. it feels like hes still with me. sure my lil bubby was a cockatiel but it feels right.
l. keffer : i don't think i've ever played something so meaningful to me on a phone. i love all parts of it, even the bittersweetness.
syed mohammad khan : i love the game!!!! but i miss my old friend... that was the 1st one! i rate this app a 10/10!
mystic talking unicorn : i actually really liked this game, but i just opened it and all my progress was gone :(( it isn't the same experiencing redoing everything so i'll unfortunately uninstall it :((( (might have been the free version but no warning or nothing??)
shxtfased : actually helps.
pineapple sode : im crying.
bonnie kyoto : love it a lot i swear
kiri or jack : he's nice
super_ nye : beautiful... happy.
bilal oyuncu : cool bird.
anabella alexandra : touching.
shazia butt : absolutely adorable
claudia pirillo : so wholesome
rachel 5 : nice graphic
alex perez : so wholesome
jole paine : great app
clemency : really fun
snekcloverlover : cool bird
mahamann : wholesome
