Imraan Kader : Honesty one of the best games on the play store at the moment.
34 - Laxmi Balmiki - H : This game size was small but the game is so interesting so fun I really like this game 👍 ( good )
Marvin Cornelius : Great game and best of all no ads
Pratik Kumar : It is fun to play this. After a long time I have come across a good game like this. It is good.
MRLP 라피 : The gameplay is so creative and unique👍
sandeep paul : Chutiya game, a level consist of 4 rounds, you die at round 4, have to start at round 1 again and again, chutiya developer, koi inna vehla ni hega bc game lyi. Lodu
Ankit Patel : Amazing game play and concepts, slo-mo is dope
ashwini pattanaik : Mostly perfect arcade type .....loved it..
Nicolas Hayes : Great game once you get good and learn the mechanics !
Ayesha Noor Saggu : Absolutely love it.!!!! I wish i could give more than five stars
Akash : Still learning...but a nice decent game....and oh....it's fun too.....
D V : Good game except when I randomly disappear and have to exit game
Adv. Santosh Wamanrao Halde : Goodvery good rebeltwins but it is too hard levels must be above1000
Md Miraz Hossain : Nice, addictable action game. Good graphic.
ExaKou : Must try but kinda a lot of ads
Jamel Mohamed : Would have given 5 but when you die you should at least get an ad to revive
Athi vignesh : 5 stars for graphics and gameplay response!
Swirly Gaming : I tried to play the game and it had broken my phone Are you sure there isn't s bug.. I'm sorry for low rating
Que official : Now I hate cookies ! The music in the back is so encouraging that I'll smash enemies with evil heart .
Mr Jo : See its good but kinda repetitive really Suiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii
HD Gamer and Tech : Awesome game, please make more games with same quality!!!
Sodium Chloride : Holy cow, the boss music alone gave this game 5 stars
Alok Ad : This game is the best and I love it. I can spend hours playing this game
Jared Cornier : Outstanding, most incredible game I've played since I was a kid
Showmik Sarkar : Really interesting and enjoyable to play..
houcem mani : It's really a fun game, I loved the intro.
Vishnu Vichu : Pretty good game. But some level hard to play
Shoaib : The graphics are exceptionally good
Roseanne Naidoo : This game is awesome is has so much of action the boss fights is awesome
Shriyans : Dear rebel twins I don't know why but I collected map parts but they aren't coming in my map parts collected
Tobi : Amazing game with good graphics.
Ed Edwards : The game has messy and horrific controls
施詠頡 : It is Really incredible game 😍😍 we need more chapters for free😍😍😍😍
Shaun Swinton : Super fun platformer runs smoothly great graphics
Riyaan Sheth : One of the most fun and High graphic gane on android
Jofer esco Ligod : This game is so fun 😂 i like it it's easy to play. This is i recommend to you.
Oliver Michael : I can not play it because it stops at the caricter screen
Zukisani Madikazi : This is a wonderful game thank you for making this game
Nick Motsarsky : Doesn't seem to have a way to remove the ads. Lame.
Wavy Air : Solid game, no ads, what else is there to ask ?
Mr Arbab : Addictive & Awesome. Controls are also Good ❤️
Jon Wilbur Tan : Enjoyable game. Wonderful ingenuity. Keep improving it. :)
Nitten Rajput : Fun fun fun plus+ challenging.. alright!
pratik agrawal : The game needs a separate key for power up
Levi Jansen : Fun, easy yet challenging.
Redux : Redownloaded and doesn't let access my old save file.
SnSama : Addictive game but feels a bit repetitive
Nik Rathore : Very entertaining and engaging game. Love playing it😁
Kabir Chauhan : It's a fun game life it's graphics and story
Kiddo Vitch : Addiction game... some small guns would be good
Xaverius Stradivari : love the gameplay... do not see any problem so far
Oscar Morales : Good graphics, I really enjoy playing this game!
Živorad Urosević : Great graphics, really had fun playing this one 👌
justin lessard : Fun game great time waster fun action just a cool game awesome job
Tinashe Oswell Samudzi : 🔥🔥🔥 wish they would add more powerups and guns though
Junnel Milallos : This is insanely good. Thank you for the team who brought us this treasure.
Ivaylo Petrov : Great art work and gameplay.
Estephani Nunez : it's a fun game but I uninstalled it because it didn't save my progress that much
Shaik Munna : Game is good bot controls are difficult to operate
Hassan Khafaji : Its a great game but after a while it gets boaring ... i prefer you to play it
SINS G. : Epiccc GAME🤘🤘🤘 this game has potential if you guys work on new updates in the future it would be more awesome.
Aaron Henderson : Sucks me in every time, good balance of adds and game play
AJMAL KHAN Y : Veriy nice game Good graphics and super control
Limawan Only Darwin : Can install but cant running on android 4.2 Samsung galaxy grand duos.
Mykquel Reynolds : Cookies must die it is my favorite Android game the game is a little buggy can you please make more updates
Brayden Phillips : Best game ever i allready made it to chapster six i love killing all food mutants
NhelYT Animation : Im looking for some new games,the mechanic of this game is new for me Im expecting that this game give me so much fun
Angela Allauigan : its verry good! i love it , hope you make games like this soon😊
Nightwraith Mina : The game is good! I dig the slowmo mechanics
cpt buggy : This game is great and funny, keep up the good work 👍
sitesh mendiratta : I enjoyed a lot while playing this game, a great experience indeed!
Marodz Multivius : Unique and fresh. Cant get bored of it!
Dylan Lafontaine : Good game controls are kinda wierd tho but that's what makes the game good
Dihan De Jonge : This game is finomial the soundtrack is on point I highly recommend this game
Grant Davids : This game is so Awesome and the best I've played in a long time . Keep it up! 👌🏻
Kokai Koi : Very nice graphics. Love it.
Patrick Palowski : Awesome. Loving the slow motion. Die cookies!
vsea : Really smooth and enjoyable game.
Lee Christopher Arcala : 100/100 perfect for student !!
Saurav Dobhal : Well designed game. I loved every aspect of it.
Sean De Jager : Crazy, 😜.. Brilliant game . Lots of fun..
無主 : Amazing soundtrack with great gameplay
pika chu : Needs more powerups and weapons Overall great game💖💖💖
Arghya Debnath : At first I judged this game by its name... I thought it would be not so much good... But I literally have fallen in love with this game!
laurin mazrekaj : Cookies must die is the best no wifi game like it's so good any one reading this u should install it and give this app support
Nathaniel Sarmiento : Wow.this games great remember playing this type of games since 2012 bring back memories.this game really 😁
aciotopia : nice but loads to long and lags
Gameun Only : I like this game about shooting cookie, that's so cute 😀
ali alsahli : I loved it before I got in to it, hope it will be a good game..!
Alex Clark : So addictive i love it the gameplay the graphics just love it
Daksh Pershad : The game stops at 80 and stops downloading
Carter Manly : Best game I've ever downloaded 👌, if you guys dislike it that's your loss
fizi hasdi : This game is beautiful. This game is what I'm looking for, just classic game.
Palak Raj : Too many long ads soo annoying
Marwan Yehia : Really enjoyable and fun game, well done.
Joseph Mavanza : So I pick up the map pieces and they don't count no more. What's going on?
Robert Moore : Great fun, challenging great visuals
Andrei Traista : Really fun and interactive game!
Amit Singh Tomar : Game is hood but controls are very poor
OP BADBOY GAMING : I like this gamm very high graphics ,conteols and gameplay
Ajayant Kundu : Clean, smooth, satisfying must try
Nabil Moutana : This game is just fantastic. Big thank you to dev team ❤️
Filthy Brudda : Its so good i play it everytime good game its not bad but good thing is its offline!wow!its good
GachaMalaysia : Fun game but i always crash plz fix this
Biniwale Suraj : Great music and gameplay.
Muthu Selvan : Awesome slow motion 😍😍,and game play
Ihtesham Emon : If you got a Pocophone f1 then this beautiful game is bliss for eyes!
AHMAD Mm : It have to be more way to collect Gold
DENNIS FRIMPONG : I like every rebel twin game..this one is exceptional as always
Daniel. A : A game truly made for mobile. I simply love it.
Shri Patel : Really fun and addictive game to play! Loved it!
Pawas Saxena : To say I LOVE THIS GAME - IS STILL AN UNDERSTATEMENT. ❤️ Kuddos to you guys! What an amazing game!
Mamta Devi : The game is good but the music is cooler than game
shodipo olushola : Awesome and nice graphics design
Blue Moldy Cheezers : Best game ever I wish this game never ends I love it so much!!!Make more levels please😃
Luka M. : The controls are absolute garbage
Portia Mutasa : Amazing fun and very good but I downloaded my one at happy mod
Tri Arianto : Cool games with simple gameplay
Ebbo 1974 : Great platform game. Really playable
NotRehydra : Great game i love it so much make a #2 please Very much appreciated
Luigi Blanco : Such a unique game. You must try it. I personally love it.
Anthony Deluca : love this but it's hard but really cool and innovative
Yugarth Sharma : This game literally makes me feel like a BADASS! It's SUPER AWESOME and HEAVILY ACTION PACKED
The gamer Patrick : Its really good game but sometimes i kill the cookies and the bigggggg one with it's exploded spear kill me you can make his damamge little bit to 100 and the explode of the spear 150 not 250
Keller Crossley : What a rush! Play this fast paced action game. You will not be disappointed.
Ahad Brawl : This game is awesome also is hard too i love it every thing is great tnx ❤️😍
Nikos Paraskakis : Very nice am amezed with it , also there's no bugs
Setia Sahab : This game is amazing and have some unique concept
Adam Nobling : I really like how hard and fun this game is also it's for gamers
Arulkumaran : Super game... I am ever played like this game best graphics and more enjoy full game I love it...
Stephen Miles : Excellent and very addictive swipe game. Well recommended
Op King : Super fun game. And the music is a plus
Jeff Angus : Fun after you get used to controls
Annette Stuart-Hawkins : It's hard to understand how to play.I am 55 and love games like this.
amirreza valipour : It's my favorite game and I suggest you too play in your free time
Malik Bilal : Good game great work keep it up 👍☺️.10/10 from my side
Bokoski. : Cool af. Entertaining and fun. Loved this one.
Swapnil Thakur : Refreshing and fun game after so long, if u like max payne time slow this game is for u
lost_lamp : I love it! It's very addicting and entertaining.
Bemals Dvanitha : Amazing game nice graphic and gameplay
No nobody Gdndbdjjdb : This game is so much fun could work I love it so much I played everyday
kobi Medcalf : Its boring you need better controls on how to play
Noah : Didn't have much luck trying to crack it but pretty solid game ngl
sandeep gowali : Best game very addictive gameplay
William González R. : It's super cool, but LESS ads
NIKHIL AGARWAL : Good mechanics and fun.
Ivy Manulat : graphics are so cool.
karan D : Awsome graphics and skills Totally fun game
Franz liszt : Best casual game ❤️ Awesome graphics Awesome story Awesome gameplay Awesome control
Lincoln Mcgee : It's a very fun and addicting game and I like cookies
D C : Very disappointed. Not receiving Google achievements.
Drawshades : Game is good advertising is working less idk why
User One : I uninstalled after playing it for weeks and I found out it has A LOT BUGS
King Oje Ogunlowo : Awesome game..... Love the gameplay so much.... Definitely a 5 star
lokesh krish : innovative and awesome graphics
TRUST NO 1 : It's a perfect game thank you for your hard work
Md Yasar : One of the worst game we are unable use the power when even we need
Sahil Sharma : Good graphics and gameplay
arwichhh : That's good overall but my fps always drop (snap 855)
Adam Korski : The best game ever 😄😄 super fun we need part 2 please
Sushanth A : Best game I ever seen.I like this game.game graphics is so good.thank you......
Ivan Dsouza : Super super super super super fun game!!! Hahahaha love it!!! Please make more!! 😄😄
tamil tricks and tips : I love like this game oo we want more game in this animation concept soo plss
Tiffany Blount : Any game asking for access to my Google Drive is a no. Yikes. 😬
jay m : Its too hard I'd give it five stars if you made it easier
Shudhashekhar Das : Totally astonishing with cool animations
Siddharth : Graphics best Controls best Challenging levels music best
Athul Krishna : The best game i've ever played on Android Thanks to the developers for making this game
Excalebur : All it needs is an infinite mode
matt craig : Really fun. Like really really good and fun
atun : Wow wow this game is amazing, iss fresh and original, thanks for create this game.
Sumanaakter Aryen : Cookies must die Is the most likeable game Plz make like this game
KOLLA LOKESH : Awesome, Time-pass,Nice Animation
Harshit Khatri : Nice but no healings only when it died option comes for revival by diamond
PUNEET V : Awesome But need cash for big upgrades
H J. : Wonderful game and great play and graphics
Amitesh Vashistha : Amazing music and gaming experience
Devanshu Yadav : Must play game fantastic graphics
Bugigi _ : I just saw an ad and im already impressed
DarkAlpha Gaming yt : (Awesome) Game , Graphics , its great
khushi giri : I didn't enjoyed even a single second while playing ....not that good ...
Yigit Sekerci : Relaxing and good game with nice soundtracks
PARTHA PROTIM BARUAH : Its truly the best Indie Game of 2020.
Dylan Br : Is a very addictive game and super fun and satisfying
Benet Joy : Nice concept Good phyisics Good observetion and dedication 😍
Rafiqul Islam : There is some problem on Chapter 83, in last stage. I am not founding a cookies that's why I am unable to go for next stage.
Francis Otim : Very fine game I love the controls.😊
Yamni Waznirah : i really love the visual of this game . really recommend !!
Christian Panjaitan : Very excited and addictive too play this game. Enjoy it !!!
rohit patwa : I had more than 200 gems now it's showing 25 only plz fix this
Abdullaziz Arcillo : Impressive graphics and gameplay
Rakibul Hassan Rocky : Best Offline game I have ever experienced.
Julian Du Toit : Twice i have been bugged into the environment where i had to start over. Put me off entirely
Manahi Pirzada : It was an okay game. Very repetitive.
james abbott : I feel powerful, but challenged. Great game!
Kaïs Besri : It's ok it's very pay to win but sinds it's solo and free it's okay
Anoop A : Good game but levels is too hard
Anagh Ghosh : Grwleat game lots of fun I recommend it for all ages
Khalid Moath : It's a really cool it like doom but 2d and on mobile
Crosslife : Great game, I like the slow motion stuff
krupal zala : Really unique game. Reminds you of the movie Matrix.
RAVI TEJA KETHAVATH : Awesome and addicting action game, must play
Dev Sriprashad Prashad : It is a awesome game that slow motion is awesome 😎👌👌
Кирилл Костенков : Good game. Needs performance optimisations.
Handy : Bruh can you make it CONTROLLER support even if theres one option but cool game bruh
deni haruno : Simple game but satisfying
sriram : Very nice app very easy to play enjoyable
Sagar Mohril : New concept of game fun Playing good.
Michael Ferry : Fun, quick, challenging
Where's my Pizza? : Very good game. This game is very fun and enjoyable. Good joob devs!
Psalm 8:4 : Useless, no checkpoints. Gets boring
diyor mashqulov : game is really really cool, tnx owner for creating such a cool game
Human Homo sapien : Not good because it gets boring after 3 chapters
Triane Tambay : Super fun! I love the design.
Sin : Game crashes automatically
SD Diver : kinda hard to control the game
Christian Bailey : Very fun and easy gameplY.
mab gaming : Best game graphic and very fun
James The don : Abit laggy but good and action packed
Puneet Jhunjhunwala : Superb! & Cute Graphics!
Grumpy Goose : This is truly a unique experience absolutely amazing well done
sumo gameplay reviews : I like this game very perfect levels and more funny
Naruto Gaming : It is not even one star it is half a star because when I download it says if couldn't be download
Chloe Mahvngsoc7holodD xw 58oney : I love the game but I do not like the name it is calld Cookies must Die.
Deepesh Vesuwala : Amazing game. Uninstalled due to the toughness
002-Abhishek Dangi : Really great game the slow motion is love
Tushar Nanda : Best Slow Motion Game Ever Thank you OK Tested🤗
naqieuddin azman : Absolutely a fantastic game! Love it so much!
John Russelle Ramos : Super enterntaining. Full enjoyment.
003_Lokesh Kumar : It is one of the Must play game for me in mobile arcade...
Emil Morlova : Awesome game without any intrusive ads! Great job devs!
Beyonder 673 : Controls are lacking stuff that's all
Jermaine Parchment : Easy to play hard to master
Mahmoud Joma : Great game but too much bugs
Rahat Parveen : I like this games but it is 2d is a single problem
Savin Mihail : very interesting and fun game i like it<3 try it guys it the best ^^
Sahil Raj Singh : Doesn't have proper controlling system
Aurora Galeano : Amazing work, keep it coming rebel
Earl Loyd Alarcon : best game i ever played on playstore... simple and fun..
Matt Zolnier : Fun but pretty repetitive.
JeremyResidence : Cool game can also pit a multiplayer
Diana Lavender : Such a fun and cute game to play LOVE IT
Sarvex : nice game , creative controls
Myles Hamilton : This is a really cool game to sit down and enjoy
Tolo XD : Game is cool but can't load chapter 1
Abi Zzz : It's like Simply Powerful, Action, Cute 🤩
Vishal Kapri : Best slow Mo game in mobile yet pls make more game like this
Anurag Tyagi : Best arcade game Real time thrill
Fredd Afiari : great game but its time for an update
Krystian W : It's ok, but boring in the long run
lavish sharma : Very nice game the slow mo part is superb
DUTTA chandan : Please add... watch video and earn money option.... and fix money earning chain....
Riaz Cedras : Its like angry birds but with adventure.
Cedric Maldonado : Pretty boring its just repetitive stuff
Niezaam Karriem : Cool game. Keep up the good work
RACHMAD FIRDAUS : The challenge play store cannot recorded
tunez egbaz : I have missed games like this on androids so awesome...
Mahesh Warthan : A fun game, nice graphics
4DuB Creative Zone : 🎯"Awsome game graphics & controls r Phenomenal"🚀🛸🕹...Please create more lol🃏
Esteban Pérez Villa : Great game, it's different and unique.
Gail Joseph : Its fun to play but sometime its chet you
Clash with Aditya : Literally awesome game. Just so many adds coming
Akinsunlola Andrew : I really love this game.you know the slow motion stuff
Michael Joko Wardana : I like it 🍑 why does an eyeball does 100 ducking damage
Kristian Mora : It so good that you fight cookies but also pretty annoying
Sasha Wickremasinghe : Fantastic! Really fun and addictive!
Sage : this game is amazing because I get to kill cookies and cookies from CookieRun Ovenbreak are hideous and shouldn't exist
Ahtisham Alvi : The game is awesome. Please add some way to earn gems
seba me : Best game ever. The gameplay is addictiv
Aman Gupta : finally playing an amazing game after a long time
Ashutosh Singh : Very nice game with good controls
Tapu Sutradhar : Really fun and time killing game!!
M. K. : When i saw developers name i already knew game is awesome.
Nice Nice : Best offline game. I'm really enjoying this game.
Ashraf Kutbudeen : Fun game and good time slow
HOSN FatHi : Wow that's great, so much fun and easy
Woody : i love thus app takes me back to the days of sticky ninja love it
Fernando Arias : Amazing game, is very funny.
Kishore Kumar : This game is awsome but map is coming to rare
success Rebirth Mahle : JUST AMAZING !!!!!! So much fun and Challenging
O. M.K : This game is so Fun but you get board after some hours
Rhittick Chatterjee : One of the best time pass game ever
vernon henderson : Real gamers will love this game fo sho make more games just like this okay thank you
BunogValfouri TV : So cool So nice ghrapics its so awesome play can't uninstall it
Remaining uchiha : Its cool plain and simple
Mark Cian : The game crash repeatedly
soumyadeep das : Can't watch ads
Ahnaf Raiyean : Tons of fun for a game that is offline.
Mostafa Fighter : very wonderful game!! .. I hope that you will be playing online later
CL-C-75-ABIN VARGHESE : Unique graphics game
ARPAN NANDI : Fresh and again a brilliant game from rebel twins.
shikhar singh : One of the best arcade game , loved it!
Manuel Antonio Hernández Peña : Simple, but perfect
Freddie Gichuguma : good graphics really fun
christian poche : Very fun game to pass time.
Петро Лой : Alot of bugs hard to play coz of them
Siddharth Sharma : This is game loaded with fun🤩 Damn! It's worrh my time for sure🎮
E F : Every chapter is more fun than the last
abbas sh : Boring, absolutely not entertaining
Arun Baboolall : Whenever i stop playing.. And come back after 1 day.. In jst send me to chapter 1
Jericho J. Gamali : The game is amazing. No lags
Artos Kuma : Very fun, tasty difficult
Izir Young : Everything I ever wanted in a game! Another game or sequel please! 👏👏👏
Adi : Awesome, no words to express ediction
Alexandre Guedes : Fun game. Very charming.
Kiitan Oginni : This is amazing af the graphics i ssooooo good you downloade this apppp😟
VICTORY 445 : It's cool game very nice to all developers of the game thank you
Felix Meimban : Great game just like playing "My friend Pedro" kinda hahaha but yeah its amzing
Hemant kumar : Please add manual fire button because i don't want to waste my bullets
yug tecnical : Awesome game I really enjoyed unbeviliable game and update really awesome
Eze Ihemadu : Easily one of the best games I've played on android.
Mamata Kuanr : Just an amazing game....more than a game...good for passing your time✊✊☺️☺️👍👍👍
Andrew Pasmore : Great game. Surprisingly challenging.
Jan Bos : It's simple and fun.
Zandra : Excellent work. This is a very good game for anyone!
Christopher Cannon : One of the best games I played in a long time, I highly recommend
John Lee : Great game, great reflexes for the character
AkulahMar : LOVE IT!! give it a try!!
Saczz Extras : It's one of the best game available in Play Store everyone should download
Jacob Rodford : Great when you don't have internet access. :)
Muhammad Farzan Khan Abbasi : One the best offline games I've played.
Sazuan Anuar : A great entertaining games. What an experience.
Sagar jadeja : i love this game ...best graphics..
Peter Frankiewicz : Super fun...and cool tunes..
Mikennah Oleson : Such a fun game! 5/5, would recommend!
Eric Elliott : Love this game it's fun easy to use highly recommended
Ram Jefferson L. Velarde : good job who developed this game i love it very much!!!!😁😁😁😁😁😁😁😁
Jesse Dodge : Weird yet fun very goofy fighting game
Tyler Johnson : Pretty cool and unique game.
Chander Bhan : I love slowmotion in this game. like super man.majedar game 10/10
Samuel Mckerrow : Great awesome fun and very addictive
Eddy Anderson : Game is fun I hope they keep working in it
الفرعون تحتمس الثالث : Amazing offline game try it guys it will make you happy
Ko Than Lwin : Nice addictive game, Keep Balanced ❤️
Tiwari Mrityunjai : Slow motion is awesome
Dhirodatta Paul : If you are familiar with the developer, that's enough. Play this new addition
DEEP MUSICIAN : Amazing graphics and also actions
Eng_Omar .M : One of the best Android games I have ever experienced
013- Balaji.P : It's very much fun and simple
Ali Hanaii : This game . "Allien crazy driver" two of them is good liked...!
Andrea Molitas : Fun but gets boring overtime
Dadul Bhutia : Loved the graphics
Shemm Junior : Best best game with unique feeling
Luca Crespan : nice idea, bad game but good looking
Alex Lobynin : This game is charming and epic at the same time!
Steven Segundo : This is an AWESOME game!!!! First time I've seen or played this kind of game.
sherin jinson : Nice and entertaining addcitive
pedro tellez : Great game but too difficult.
Charlie Ball : Amazing but it is hard
Seth Ashford-kelleher : Really good it is a shame that it is ruinined by greidieness 4 money
pradyumna rao : Innovative, very artistic
GAMER'S HANDS : Best platform game ever played
Adarsh Singh : One of the best fun time game ever..
BC644 Newaz Ahnaf Rahman : Best game ever I love❤❤ the boss fight song
Patriot : The absolute dumbest fun you can have on the toilet...lol
Kunal Kavthekar : Fun and timepass arcade experience
Sazzorx Creations : This is now my favorite game .. totally hooked up totally addictive game
Hari Kumar : repeatedly same stages
Created by Weng : Can't purchase. It's fun though
arun kumar : I love the game because it is very chocolatee
Saumya Chanotiya : Amazing amazing amazing!
Deki M. : This is the most beautifully addictive game I ever played.
babychic CBUPHIL : All I can say with this game is... INAMAW na duwa oi! hahahahahahaha HILARIOUS.. CONFUSING... WEIRD.. SLIDE HERE AND THERE NO DIRECTION JUST TO KILL.. yet still INSTALLED and PLAYING!!! *BOOM* 😂🤣
A Google user : I love this tipe of game i love it, It's really amazing game😊
Verty JuNe : Awesome story & fantastic gameplay
Oyale Salami : Great game .... I can't install the latest updates tho ...
Riggy Ian : Good game but it's awfully alike with king tongue
Hey Sadiq : Awsome arcade game ,i love it
Ivan Maduna : Nice game guys, keep it up!
Julian Helm : fun game.cool graphics.👍
Stephanie Bryan : Good gameplay. Fun. I like it.
NEENA SINGH : This game is kind of copy of "aliens drive me crazy " named game
Hassn Eltokhy : Doesn't start I've google pixel 4a with Android 11
keston King : I HAVE TRIED EVERYTHING TO DOWNLOAD THIS AND ITS NOT WORKING
Hj Ban Hj Othman : Finally it worked! This game is so awesome
Ryes Enroja : This is one of the best games that I've played. Glad that I found this one!!
Q : Just a nice timepass game.
Berke Orakçı : It's so good and fun. I'm really enjoyed this game. :)
Sangeetha Loganathan : Fast paced and immersive game
Mitch Boo : Fun, fast, exciting. Great game!
Vikram Jadhav : Awesome game.. design best..
Hitesh Choudhary : Good game!!!! its the most heroic game ever!!!👍👍👍👍👍👍
DeShawn Brady : It's like angry birds on steroids x10, love every bit of it!
Fadhil Razak : its too laggy, my phone cant handle it
Šime Šparica : Something new. I really like what and how you did it!
Christopher Ayoola : Just downloaded it and I'm blown away already, amazing game!
amir mohammad : Wow it's so good. It's amazing. Thanks for your good games.
Jessica Tan : Love the controls n gameplay
Gautam Jr : Never played a game like this before. First of its kind and I love it..!!
Thomas Barager : Dude, this game is AWESOME! So far I have no complaints...
Gokul Krishnan : Everything is awesome!!! An Addictive game 😍.
Yousef Amr : The game is very difficult
Monique Isgenius : I don't usually play games but this one is fun
Vivian Agus : Such a fun and amazing game, love it
Prasiddha Basnet : One of the best android game of 2020🔥🔥
Angel Ranjith : Good but when we fail the game starts from beginning
nAuQeS : Its Actually Amazing to be honest. there is no reason to explain my love for this game. 100 percent good
Alexander CruzNeves : I rarely get on here and give a glowing review about anything but this game in my opinion is really awesome
akash gupta 0509 : It's a nice game fully stres free
ELMER BUTCH TAGABUEN : Great game! I enjoy it thanks Rebel Twins for this great game 💪
Riki Gayen : amazing game . And very funny 🤣🤣🤣 . Nice 👍
John Kyle Nicor : So many Chapters and I enjoy this Alwayss🧡😊😁
Ankush : Beautiful Game, Great Job🤘❤️
Mehrshad Baee : one of the smooth game in android
ANU FUN : About this game Stop a group of evil, mutant cookies before they reduce whole city to rubble! Meet Jack. Jack is a super-secret agent with special powers implanted in his body by government scientists! He has to stop a group of evil, mutant cookies and their powerful bosses before they reduce his city to rubble! Hurry! Grab the best weapon and sling onto the battlefield! Start an intense and exciting war. Crush your enemies, survive the attacks, defeat huge bosses with your smart move
Mithun M : The chapters are repetitive
Aravinda Raj.M : Good game but i hate to play it from 1st again nd again.. Just change that..
Adithya R : Good game . uI is so smooth it's unbelievable
Yousef Amr : The game is very difficult
ᜆᜃᜒ ᜋᜒ ᜐᜓᜋᜒᜏ᜔ᜑᜒᜇ̵ᜒ ᜈ̊ᜃᜒ : Controls not working
Surrounder 713 : It's a great game u should definitely check out this game.
MAN MAN : Really cool . Should have more update in the future !
brahmagnani sreeram : Superb game but Google play games is disturbing by its adds
payam hakemi : Very funny game.you can enjoy this game
Rami Awar : So good. As a game developer myself, this blows me away.
Marcelino Crespo : Really fun and innovative game
Sara Nouramin : Cool game but there is no women character :(
Jordan Tumblar : Gameplay is godly but I have to pay for that
Xen Mogueis : Its so good great app if you read this you should totally download this app
Yehoshua Apphia : I like the way the cookies explode like boom
Dayron George : It's a nice game with nice controls
Pratik Sahu : This game stands out from all the generic games that come now a days.
Jai Arora : Its nice but there should more options in game
shiron salim : I am now playing at chapter 101 . It doesn't seems like to end . 🙄🙄.
Mr. Harry : Just amazing!! Love it!!♥️♥️
Leatile PSgamer0210 : This is a really fun to play game.it gets five stars from me
pari Iyiy : Amazing gameplay!! So fun!
Arifah Fadzilah : Oh my gorrrddddd! I'm in love with this game! U should try it:)
Hyper 6673 : Best man.. Like that game.. Awesome Action Game..
Riyaz Shaik : Super game play and controls
shashank singh : This game is good for time pass Overall good game
TANTAN Alberto : This game so good graphics
Mike S : i like the way the game plays.i HATE ADDS
Kristian Markow : Absolutely love it. What a gem
Beastastica Blaq : It glitches another and it doesn't give you what you pay for
Christopher Ferrera : Very fun game and so full of excitement 👏
Terry Prescod free style. : Love this game keep the gud work
Kwanzi Quadrillion : It's really fun... Best Android game so far
Soloz Murbibah : THIS IS THE BEST GAME I EVER MET I REALLY LOVE THIS GAME THANK YOU FOR MAKE THIS GAME
Luz Ortiz : Ok soo this game is SOOOOO EDICTING THAT MY SON PLAYED IT FOR AN HOUR.
Amritraj Naidu : Thank you for improvement in the application
Spellman Smith : The game surprised me. I'm having more fun than I thought I would.
Iji Kolade : A wonderful and addictive game .
Player UNK : Very impressive a good time pass 🆗👍
Nalla Perumal : Fantastic game- very addictive
GreenApple CZ : I love games from these developers. Awesome as you can expect
Talha Khan : Good game fun to play recommend for all
Mriganka Das : This game is such good, i liked it ❤️, five star given.
Hossam Mohamed : It's good, but not perfect.
Taylor Curtis : One of the best games I've played on my phone top 3
palisade : super fun movement
Sayan Basak : Love the graphics
Puneet Jain : Addictive game with nice gameplay
Som Prakash : Looks good, plays fun.
fra francesco : Great mechanic, recommended
Imrana Najmuddin : You are the devs we need in this world , like you made this game for free... any developer would make this game paid its sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo gooooodddd ........ THANK YOUUUUUUUUUUUU.
Chula Karunanayaka : wooow, this is really wow . superb game . i like this sooooooooo much ❤❤❤❤❤❤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤😊😊😊😊😊😊 thanks sooooooooo much
Cezar Rotariu : Overall it's a fun game...well done, like it
chris casey : Fun and simple just what BoJo ordered
Kiaf : Probably the best mobile game I have ever played.
Мелисса : I think this game is so perfect, I Iove it! ❤️🤩🤩🤩🤩🤩
Adithya Baswapuram : Best time pass game ever
Rohit Nandakumar : Very fun and addictive
Klique Rvb : This turned out to be way more enjoyable than I was thinking
saltملح الارضof the earth : ok i am sure that this should be rated PG 13 not 7 just because the golden boners with balls that you can find obviously with the bons, yes i see you bob and i know you mad a drawing of a dick on your job like you did on your school disk
1 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS CHALLENGE : You deserve it Can you give me wallpaper based on this game please
Papia Das : Very fun and addictive game 🙂🙂🙂
TheUnknown : Nope i dont like it... just smashing cookies and defeating all boses👎
Aggressive Tweeter : It's fun and I like the music
Rajesh Kumar pradhan : Good but plz add friendly army
A person plays games : Good game on this trashy app store
κᥱᥒᥒ E𑀥Y : Nice and very entertaining game...
Theo Bell : Good game. Give it a try and see for your self.
Pepe Lastarria : Best game I've found in a long time
Raymond López : Awesome game, you'll love it.
Ismael Almeida : How many levels does the game have?
Demmis Wachira : I've been playing for a while and I still don't understand what's happening 🤔
Freschian Cariño : It was so amazing i feel im in action while im playing this game 😃😂
Jasmine Chinnachot Balchen : Fun but a bit hard
SUBHASIS SEN : Delicious ,finally some good fluffing game.
Made Lanang : The best action game for mobile
Akhil Sahu : Best platform game
Nathan Tran : Amazing free to play game
Kritesh Agarwal : Super fun. Super cool.
MOUSLIM YAAKOUBI : This is one of the best mobile games I ve ever played
LEEONNE BALAIS : Fix da game wen ay enter it is black all
Im Tired : Probably one of the best mobile games ive ever played
Irfan Abdullah : This game made me feel like a badass
Hetal Patel : Very good game fighting games I love
A : Really fun and compelling game
Franklin Ashong : This game give me alot of fun
Kaiden Neal : It's a really fun game
Lindo Thula : It is a nice game indeed
Har Phy : Can't wait for next update 🔥🔥🔥👍🏽♥️
Yogesh shrestha : after update Android 12
sherif salama : it's so good and I love it
ECE-A-009-BHAVADHARANI M : Funny game play and enjoyment
Chevannese Ellis : Great game but its too addicting
Arijit Mondal : Awesome graphic in 2D
Homeless Gamer XX9 : Fun crazy gameplay loop...
Vi Woa : Very boring, barely a game
Nada : this the best game I've played this year , it makes me feel like I'm in an action movie
Katelyn : Don't like the controls
Why : I like it a lot so far
luqman hafiz : I'm so like this game because is not pay to win and so strategy game iQ
Bill Stewart : Never made it past the training. The "innovative" control stink.
Roronoa Zoro : The best offline game i have ever played
Mohammad Farooq Khan Jehan Zeb Khan : Recommended stress reliever game
Autumn Y : Not bad, but there's a lot of stuff going on
KUMARESAN GOKUL P : Extraordinary Game💯 Gameplay Terrific 💯🔥 Cookie all-round Villain🦹‍♂️ Rebel Twins Congratulations 🥳 one the Best Game And Fun Overload 🤪😆😆
Honey yasmin Roazmee : I just want to say that this game was AMAZING game ever.
ic3 Ec0 : one thing i am gona say its the best game from one of my list
AMAN ANSARI : Best best best I love this game I always want superhero slomo game
vignesh m : Fun and entertainment
Mummy Ji : Very addicted must play
Christopher Fennell : Fantastic game! Thank you!
Ruvarashe Shoko : This game is awesome I think they should make 2
Jeevesh Pant : Nice game, enjoyed it fully 😁
luke connor : I stoped playing this lame game at the first level.
Minidu Jayasinghe : This is a marvalous game ,great action . I love it
Em S : Good game. I just installed it and i am enjoying the game.
ALIENS IN ATTIC : Nice game guys make a 2nd one for this game
Isabelle Wong : Agreeable This is an epic game If your fingers r fine
Nate Harris : It actually is a good game for cell phones!
Mattia Salvatori : Great gaming experience.
Cecile Villanueva : It is so amazing and beutifull game tahnk for making this game
andrzej matysiok : Amazing .. Keep it up 🙏
rosechard montilla : Wow this game is good and is fast to downlode i like it👍😉😉
Akash Manna : One of the best games I have ever played. You should try this ❤
Aaron Curiel : Its a great game but its just not my kinda game you know
Happy Sappy : I think they can beat pubg in all ways
tomy stormy : I justed watched the trailer and i already know am goint to like it if i dont i'll be back here exaggerating hoe bad it is
Sabarish Krishna : Best game to play. Simply awesome
10 Althaf : Good... Time killing game.. Love it ❤️
Wishwatika Ghosh : Impressive gameplay features and all
legend x : Very hard and very amazing game 😘🤘
Zeyn TA : I really like it it's very enjoyable
Maxime Lafortune : Me and my gf love it we can't stop playing
Miku : noice game it give you power to do za warudo
Ipeleng Ngcobo : This is game is one of the best I've played on my game list💯
Akash Patel : Fantastic game I have ever seen in my life
Chanelle Twine : Truly loved this game. Worth the download
keley keleyman : How many chapters are in this game? Does it have an end??
Shailesh Singh : Great work developers ❣️ Waiting for more updates 💕
Ramlal_Ka_Beta : Must play game. Really fun
Anthony Thomas : Unique and.fun fast paced
XxMiguel PHxX : Very cool game and enjoyable!❤
JKL 420 : Awesome game great game mechanics all and all a great game
Ravi Singh : Best indian game i ever played Its far better than faug
Lewhan Balasooriya : 100% crazy fun games
Hossein Hosseiny : It's so great game in world. I love it
Noel Samba : Wow love this game..!!! Its fun..
Ali Hendi : Everything was fine about this game. Congratulation.
kadaj moltimer : this game is so funny . I feel I'm in Matrix
Jeferson Maninantan : Its fun and addicted
rhett bales : Different and fun!
Rushil Shetty : I'll tell this game is only pretty good
Sagar k : Too muchh adv but good game
Shashank Dandge : very addictive best game 😍🤯🤯🤩🤩
خالد الحميدي : I don't care how long or match it's going to take me cookies must die😠
Lerato Matlou : THIS GAME IS SO FUN YOU MUST DOWNLOAD IT ❤️❤️❤️
shola bode : Love the crunches! 😭
Yudha Idram : The archer things too OP, pls nerf
Dani Sinauk : This is how u make an awesome mobile game ppl
Jacquelyn Quilang : A brilliant game!
Kyotiee George : good game well played
Khanh Tran : Cool and fun game!!! Gave me a vibe of My Friend Pedro!!
suraj rajan : Best game i have ever seen very interesting
Amos Eligius : Loved the game. It's fun!
raag joshi : It looks like a bad copy of Drag'n'Boom
Sparsh Singh : One of the most badass games
Ranty W : Fun gameplay & Enjoyable
Mostafa Said : This is the best mobile game i've ever played!
Ghss Ayyangarkulam : No words just love this game
Weng Wah Tham : This game super cool
Mineesh B Raj : Very fun game. I really like it.
Anthony : Kinda boring after you get everything
Shmulik Kuperman : Pure fun Amazing quality
Nickeil Moodley : Exceptional game... I dont want it to end
Mark : Cool crazy game, love it
Jebbin Joseph : I have a new favorite right here. Kudos! 🔥
RICARDO THOMPSON : I R E A L L Y like this game and I advise you to play this =)
vishal singh : Loving this game so addictive
Ali ElShazly : Very well done game and enjoyable
Annu : Superb game...I just love it.
madhu gangwar : Loading is too much
ASH : Amazing fun to play..
Dhinesh : Reduce the loading time between stages
Karthik : This game is just wow can't believe it's indie 🥂
tone tone : Best Offline Game.I Love it♥♥♥
Pratik mahto : It's a Game for casual time pass
Njayo Synthia : It is fun to play you should try it
Dhiraj Shettigar : Add more chapters or endless mode
FURY BOI!!! !!!!! : The best and most original game I have 3ver played
Tlhompho Silas Morakaladi : Cute. Helped me through the boredom of social distancing
surdeep sekar : It's a great game to kill time
Incubus : Woah! Wasn't expecting this game to be this fun
Cool Cool : I luv this game so much I can't believe u guys made this.THIS GAME IS OUT OF THIS WORLD
sachin tiwari tiktok king : Funny game butt verry nice i love this game please play on this game its verry nice
Muzammil Muzammil : Good game of Action and Adventure
Gilang Dwi Septiawan : I like it this game! So enjoyed to play
Fud gey : Outstanding would definitely recommend this game 👊🏾🎮🤣
AcoolName : I hate it. Why is it so addictive?ಠ_ʖಠ
Sam Bam : Awesome super adorable
Shahbaz Khan SKB : Wooho what a fun we got what we exactly needed
Kevin Berkeley : This is a FUN game. And the music...👍👍
Sambeti Karthik : Rebel twins games are good always
Mohamadsharil Sharil : This game is very good and story. I liked 😊😊😊
Telsik Diplac : Oh wat fun it is 2 ride in a 1 horse open sleigh
Rachna Nodiyal : One of the best games of 2020!
asish pranave : Nice game man u should totally download it
Zara Abdi : This game is so good that even my brother got it
Pro Games محترف الالعاب : There are some bugs and glitches
Ernest Bazanye : I love this game!
Luke Angelides : These adds are absolutely horrible.
Abs gamer : Best game and offline
Burd Man : It's got my attn. (That's hard to do these days)
Amirhossein Jamhiri : Its great game its very good for Entertainment
Shahi Majid : The best offline game there is
subal gharami : Good game with fresh gameplay
jitender mondal : Extraordinary,good job 👏
meenakshi madhu : It's a pleasure to play such an adventurous game
Josh Borchardt : Doesnt work on older tablet
Kevin james : Good timepass offline game
Sahil Wagh : Awesome game complete enjoyment
Arham : This game is full of action and amazeness
Sar Dharshan99 : Fun filled and awesome 🤩🤩🤩
Catherine Lopez : Very nice game i rlly recommend playing it 😎👍
Mira Meraabi : If you want a game full of action downlaud this game
MOEIN HJBD : All games of this company is perfect! 100% must try.
U Thant Win : Best of all the time
Omar Reyes : Im surprised the game is free!!
Muhamad Izzat Roslan 1992 : This game great. Everything about this game is great
Koala : Fun game good entertainment 😁
Gaurav Pathare : good grapics and themes
Ben Hooks : I rarely right reviews but this game is tight I recamend this game to everyone
Claire Gonzaga : this game isn't functioning at all .to the creator of this game please do something about this .
Ezhylarasan T : Vere level ma..💜😊😙 😀🥰😍🤩🥰🤩😝🤩😝😜😝
Rohan Bhardwaj : Beautiful game fun to play
tejas katkar : Best action game I ever played!! Loved it❤❤
Gulshan Singh ECE : Never played a game like this....I love it😍
Saravanan Packiaseelan : One of the best games I have played on android
Tushar Choudhary vlogs : I don't think that 2d games are that much good
Dark Wing : The bosses are so epic 🤩 love this game proff I love dis game
Vincent E. Hicks : Very addictive game n i love it
sun flower : This game is one of my favourite to play it is 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Cebile CB : Addictive and tonnes of fun!!!
Sankar : Music is exceptional 🔥
Karuna Ahire : This is a complete satisfactory game no complains
Paul Sturgess : Not bad, worth the download
Ryan Martin : Please add IAP to disable ads.
jakub balacin : Fun game, love it
Christian Joie Ramirez : Please add a multiplayer
Sechaba Qathatsi : Enjoying this game more than I expected, it's pretty good.
amier ashraf : super fun and i love grinding this games
jose isiordia : Super cool and original game.
Nor Hidayah Mohd Azman : Fun game! I enjoyed this game 🥳
Ajmal Shahar : super game..cool to play..i like it
kaustubh kaloti : Very good game amazing and lovining it!
Mauricio B : controls are weird
Rupessh Metra : Excellent and addictive 👌
Riyon Fernandes : The game is really fun
Eric Felipe Moreira : Awesome and funny game
Deemos Leemos : I didn't even play the game lol not I'm sure it's cool
Oliver : It always made me restart when I logged of
Donald Harris : Greatest game on the app store
Niladri Ganguly : One of the greatest gaming apps
Eternal Crimson Brothers : ALMO what is that? A frown?!?...Play this ;) NOWWWWWWW!!! YOU TOO, GRANDMAHAHAHAH *COUGH* So here we have to complete the objectives. RUN! Oh but it`s just a glass of water? DID I STUTTER?!? Family friendly? Well I want to see viol- ah.. THATS A BONUS FEATURE IF YOU. DONT. RUUUNNN!!!! Grab this game.
Smile : Really fun and cute
Miki Sarawagi : Uhuuuu..!! The game today's generation r hunting best one
Alert Hashani : Please make a second game this game amazing
Indi Blu : It's the best quarantine game 😊
Nicolas Lamadeleine : Such an amazing game 10 outta 10
GT alessio : This game is the best I've seen in a long time!
Cameron : I am too busy to write a review as I'm currently relishing in the cathartic cookie carnage.
Alex Toledo : Very nice game , soo f**** good !
علي كاظم : we need move the solder in half the secren and attack in the second half
Advay Mehta : fantastic background Soundtracks.....
Mohamed Ibrahim : Definitely one of the best games I've played for a while now 😍✨
CasualCookies : I freaking love this app its awesome😜
Brandon Ertel : Not since bad piggies has an appgame been so fanfriggintastick . A Must try!!
Qasdina Adlina : I actually enjoyed it. Fun game
Jade Zurayda : I love this game perfect game!
Obed Saputra : Lol this is game so fckng awesome. Cool..!!!!
Chirag Panwar : Very good exciting game ver well done
Pdc Ent : My name Muhammad imran Hossain, 😁 very good game brother, Thank you,, 😁😃🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩🇧🇩❤❤❤
Kyla May Torres : This is good, big thumps up
Revo : THIS GAME IS AWSOME!! IT REALLY KILLS MY BOREDOM!! IT GIVES POSITIVE VIBES WHEN I KILL ALL THAT MF COOCKIE MONSTERS!! 🤭👹👹👹👹👹
Chaitanya Sawant : So much fun...recommended.
Ram Dora : Best time pass game
78 Syed Sahil : This game really cheer me up..
Q Q : How many levels does this game have?
jay solanki : Nice work Developers...
Rajputana music : Very funny game
M jafar : Fun and engaging
Gina Villarama : Best gameeeeeeeeee everrrrreee i. Love. It!!!!!!!
69 Paths : So far so good, got no complaints yet.
Suchitra Goel : The word 'Amazing' is made from this game
Chad Duncan : Amazing! Love this game!
sidhartha sarangi : Just awesome Thanks a lot
Zubae : Amazing game, worth it
انمار عمار : It's so good game I really enjoyed it
captain free video games on pc : best game ever i hope will contiune forever 😁👍
Ankit Jain : Mind-blowing Control 10/10 Graphics 10/10 Gameplay 10/10 Cut scene 10/10
Riaz Murshed surhid : Enjoy this game love it.
Mohamad Izzuddin : Fun game, F2P friendly
Javon Garrett : Fun experience and worth the try 😊
siva gami : Best game ever played Very awesome
roshan PK : Amazing details I love it
Jerome Jumalon Alayon : this game gives me extreme fun!!!
OUT 2kgod : This game is really I love it
Derrick Gitau : The gameplay is so cool
ananya : Best game played in years
Sayan Sen : Such a watless and wastelesa game ever i have seen
Fozan Waheed : Rip off to drag n boom you should be ashamed
Steveo F : Extremely good and fun game
Spandan Patel : Best game i have ever played...... Awesome game
Billy Newsome : Very fun time waster
moein heydaryian : It's a good game but can be improved.tnx
Andreo Mendes : This game is just perfect n nothing
L G : I can't even install the game anymore
Amrit Bhatti : Stolen sounds from a recent mouse tower defense game called Ratropolis.
ankamah gyimah : Nothing to say. Good job
Abu Jafar Gaming : The control is so terrible
Muthukumaran : I love this game this game a really good game
HRISHABH SHARMA : This game is so funny 😂😂😅🤪
Game Experimentor : Bruh, it's damn P2W. But nice concept. Completed Chapter 3. Note: Start: 22/12/20. End: 24/12/20.
Junior Leslie : This is such an addictive game
Jerome Aquino : Love this game so much!
Nirav Ninama : Finally we got some new superheroes 🤪
dustin worobetz : Fun but tough sometimes
sina jourablou : one of the best amazing action games forever🤘🤘🤘🤘🔥🔥🔥☺️☺️☺️
Julian Boyette : This is the most fun game ever 👍👍👍👍😆😆
triple Zee 19 : Best game I've played in ages
Riza Rachman : it's soooo funny and addicting!!
Strykah Coin : Great game face pace
Brandon affendy : Better for stress person 🕺
Mohammed Al Madani : its amazing. best game ever
Maria Monica Maravilla : i din't try it but my friend told me thats this is good so i well give 5 stars
Sourabh Kumar : This game is really amazing
Vimal kant : Great casual game ever
amro mega : Best game on play store
Adeeb Akhtar : I love this game very much.❤️❤️❤️
Beast boy : Helped a lot in quarantine
Shady Taha : I wish it was normal controls
HeinZayarOo : I like it best game ever I see
DrKsLaYeR : Nice and hard game
Hacker B : Very funny 🎮 game
Dylan Pritchard : I'm guessing it was good didn't really play it
Norman Reid : This is a really fun game
Shah Arqam : Simple yet Phenomenal!
Aditya : Good and relaxing
Sunil Mallya : Superb I love the theme
Maymoona Al Mawali : This game is amazing. It's very good
jitesh chhaya : amazing game..love to play
AljHon Balce : Looking best for further future
Kingsley Basoah : This game is so addicting
martin lenart : What a blast! Well done devs!
Gary Shouter : Nice game 👍 going well so far
the ooofcap : Damn, this game suprise me on who good it is
Mohsen Joker : Very very nice and good
OFF DADDY : Guy just download the mod For unlimited gems and coins
Suman Ravi : Nice but difficult
Mohamed Hashim : Good job very good game 😀😀😀😀😀😀👌👌👌👌👌👌👌
Prabal Tirkey : Good game for casual playing
samavia razzaq : What's the total number of stages anyone?
Deepu Nagarajan : Honestly a fun game
Gabriel Reis : i can't stop playing
amax mino : It good to enjoy time
Christian Dave Catubig : This app is really amazing.
D2d- 006 Sayyed Wasif : The game is good for tp
Manoj K. Jaiswal : Ultra Awesome Game,extremely cool
mohit gupta : Graphics are lit af
MJ Angco : Love the game!!!!!
Alex Xander : Very good action game .
Hardik rana : Nice game I play it.
Akwasi Begyabeng : Awesome game...like the goofiness
Sahil Pradhan : Awesome game... i love it 😍
Mojo : So hard to control the character
Jordan Smith : I enjoy the game a lot
Andrei Bernat : Its very funny and easy
Josh 1980 : Repetitive but good game.
rose Wollman : This game is better then any game WOW❤❤
shaun shimili : Sht dope yasssssss!!! Great time killer huhuuuuuu thank uuuuu!
Steve Blanchard : Good fun game so far
Rohan RAVAL : too good bro nice job
Bobby Hicks : So far it's cool I haven't gotten that far but I'll let you know soon as
Joseph Kpuih : Why do level to get weapon i still got kick
Kalpak Sarangdhar : Best offline game
shru gaming : The best offline game
Ebay AllDay : Wow this game is fun!!!
Jithin Prasad : I simply love this game...
Jaoidi Oussama : I love this amazing game 💝💝💝
ゴンザガ心一郎 : I love it this game so Epic🤗
Fizan Freddy : Nice game I love this game
Manpreet Kaur : good game I like it very much
Sol Nicholas : Enjoy this game to the fullest!!!
Lorival Júnior Oliveira da silva : I love this game it's the best game ever
Amit Kumar : Best game i ever played You guys nailed it
Noddlle : I want to know how many chapters actually.
Ayana : Really cool gameplay
wai yan min khant : So Much ❤️ I Love Aliens Drive Me Crazy, ဒီဂိမ်းတော့မဆော့ကြည့်ရသေးဘူး။
ar tonelix : wow this game is amazing
BOSS Man : BEST GAME OF ALL TIME
Rajesh Sharma : My experience with this game is the best
Igor Utida : Really fun game
JacKezly : Best Game [Cookies Must Die] Killing [Cookies] New [Skill] I Gave [🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟]
Manuel Nikoloski : best game no complements
Seema Singh : Very nice casual game
Albert Cubilla : Great game app for me.
blueish burger : This game has lot of potential
Dipesh Somvanshi : It's a really fun game
Abdulaziz Muhammed : I can play this game for my diet.
Harun Buğra Fidan : I love this developers games
Punit Patel : Best game for fun
Yusuf Ikram : It's a great game I love it
Ronit Choudhury : Very Very Nice !!!
umar song : Fun and exciting game
Aziz Messaoud : Best game on android
MOHD AMMAN : New and appealing concept
Bazla Siddiqi : I love the play through
Vivek Gawande : Very fun game
Hari Babu : Best fun game ever
Sarita Jiwrajka : Whoever made this game really hates cookies
Vishal Dhakad : Please make it multiplayer 🙏🙏
Caesario Maulana : Good game I Enjoy playing it
Bonez Morgan : Lost interest after 15-20 min
Shreyanshu Yadav : Exceptionally well planned 🤩🥰
Dhvanit Tolia : Simply superb game
Andrie Baleriado : this game is so very good
Ravi Teja : Full of fun.
Thanasis Tsif : Really fun game
paRsa GH : It's a bad game . Its soo bad.
Precious Reyes : So much fun to play! 😊
Arpit Sharma : Best game on Android
kotha satyanarayana : Never connected with internet for diamonds
Tuệ Linh : It is very interesting you guy have to tries it
Twishumtah ACS : Awesome nd cool game.
υикиσωи : All rebel twins game are amazing
Regina Juliana : im so enjoyed while i play this game
Krispy Boy of the family : This game is relly good
Jeffrey Manzano : OMG...the best-EVERRR!!!! I effin luv it!!!
Helper Guy : Its good but not that great
David Zachary Destura : greatest game ever made 😀😸👍👍👍👋👏
Elanngo 24 : Most addictive game ever I used
Somnath Sinha : One Of the Best Games I Ever Played
erfan lashgari : It's cool and fun
Kyrie Light : Awesome game forever
Tedidod : Very well made game
Amir Hdyz : Very fun game 👌😁
joseph bereber : HAHAHAHA this game is so cool
Noor Galoody : best game for phones
Charbak Ashraf Charbak Ashraf : Nice offline game
Fathia Medina : Really fun game
Preeti Dixit : Best agent game like hitman 2
Jëlly Brëád : It's a very fun game 😁😁
Rachael Beth : Super awesome fun
joe ram : Something very different!
Nitish Kumar : Nice and it gives me feel like a hero
Aymen Jr : This game is damn fun
Rick : Best arcade game
Akshay Bharadwaj : Best casual game ever
Nisam Ndkl : addictive..super action game
The Gadget Alpha : fun play .. great music
vivek Aggarwal rockz : Osssm game action & adventure i lik it
George Stevenson : Great fun game 👍
Hanif A : This game is great
Duke Filmmaker : Best game ever played...
Ogaba Agbese : Exceptionally fun for me
B Sasikumar : Not worthy of 1 million + downloads
Bindu : Great addictive game
Ruffos : Wonderfull keep it up devs 👏
Darwin Lopez : It just keep loging out
Roger Habit : Good game got the the mod
Only Joker : I like everything about this game 👽
Intrepid Annoyer : Damn this is a good game
Prince Castillo : thats game its really crazy🤩😝😍🤘
Tariq Harris : This game is amazing
defqon 1 : This game is outstanding😍
Norhan raafat : The game is very bad 👎
Shelloh Almodal : Absolutely great game!
Majdi Mbarki : This game is so fun
Gaurav Aryal : Loved it awesome game
Allan Reginaldojr : Very cool this game
Ava plays Stuff : It's an amazing game!!
EXIGMA : AWESOME GAME IT'S TIME KILLING 🔥🔥🔥
Mage Breaker : GG very Unique.
NonsenseHumor : I bet that this game is inspired by "balls?"
Mr. John : Attractive and fun
Raad Hasan : Very nice app.
Pulkit Shekhar Mishra : In love with this game😍
Michael Hampton : The game is awesome
Mohit Dabla : It is a veri nice game
Emil Eldhose : I like slo - mo games
Kieran Hayes : Just a great game!!
Tristan Johnson : So good, enough said.
ELCHUY3861 : Last update ruined the game
Francis Lahiri : Awesome action games...
ItzChillzzz : Good game i like it
Ajay Katuwal : Best game of 2021
om prakash Ojha : Copie od Dragn boom. I request eveeyone to play Drag n boom
shaik jaseem : Too cool slow. Mooooo
Aicol Prima : This is so cool thanks
Sheraz Ahmad : Awesome fun game
Afganix 554 : A lots of Fun
Ruvimbo Chatapura : soo much fun.
Trustyou : This game is great 😊
Lawani Emmanuel : This game is one of the best games😘
Minoli de Silva : I love this game ❤️
Mac Decon : Awesome action game
hamzah aja : this is so cool game
Kamo Let : One of the best games ever
amna souad : Good game I love it
Carlos Mario Lopera Hernández : It's soo funny :3
Modern skill : Man its a addictive game
Fenil Modi : Best game i like it
Shit Head : This is 9/10 of a game
Tavis Neil : Its a fun game
Abdelrahman Eldesouki : A lot of fun!!
Oliver Proctor : Fun and frantic!
Rang3r LN : This game is awsome!
Abdullah : i love this game
Liezl Compion : Fine but cookies dont deserve to die they should be eaten
Irene Kiwia : Amazing I love the game
Isaiah Thibodaux : Just Buckets Of Fun!!!
Mark Laurence Visco : Nah I just love it!!!
Mike B : Explosive & Awesome
Sujit Pavaskar : Superb action packed game.
Rajdeep Barman : Loved It...stressFree ..so addictive
Mustapha Aliyu : The game is very good
Edward Ingle : Lots of cookie crushing fun
Sonali S : Controls are horrible
give me the formioli : LOVE THIS GAME!
Jon Hartley-Folz : Good mindless fun
Kushagra Sahu : Best Arcade Ever played
Saleem Usman : best games make more games
maria nur dewanti : I dowload tihis game but its not work
Trishit Mazumdar : Have many bugs.
mohit k : Am in love with this game
Mike Collier : Crazy idea!! Crazy Fun!!
Mahmoud Nazeh : Good for kids
Khalix Santiago : I CAN ONLY SAY "LOVE THIS GAME"
Naledi Moloi : Very fast paced
Edward Chan : Not bad game!!!
Yatharth Yadav : Best game forever
Carlitos Mandala : One word cause I'm faded rn "Addictive"
Aman Khatri : Very good timepass.
Ninja Striker : I love this app the app is the best
D Day : This game is so dope
Emmanuvel : Great game. I'm impressed!
Gnaneshwaran B : Good entertainment gmae 👍🏻
Vignesh Vicky : I am not expected from this game!!! This game unbelievable...good work TEAMS!
Adeniran Charles : Really nice game
Kcin Legojar : I love this game!!!
Amit Messi : Nice and awesome
marky Trahan : Great all in all
IX_C_30_PRANAV BISOYI : This is a super game
Nanda Thu : Best action game.
Rahul Bhattacharya : READ THIS REVIEW: good app
Mohan sable : Really great game......
Komal Bhanse : Awsome game i ever played.
Anthony Jones : That game was awesome
romeo dote : impressive game! wow
Abhishek andotra : What a fabulous game 🤘🏻
Dr.Sherif El-Barbary : Exceptionally iteresting game 👍👍
Mark Pearce : Amazing fantastic game 😍😍😍
Ahmad Bagas : new experience for gaming
farrel maykatra : Good game like it
Mohit Sharma : A true entertainer........
NeonKnight 1970 : Controls are....... bad
Sami kh : The Game is very good Thank you
maria flor jabellana : It is cool game good
Marcuza 007Jordaan : They never disjointed us(dragon hills 2?)
Wambui Kanyukii : I recommend you download this.
somaye ghiasvand : It is perfect game taste it❤❤
belutpuaka : Best game to play
KEN TACH : The best game ever 👌
Aj Pags : Its cool i like it
Cipriane Mathew Villanueva : Idk how but I loving dis game
Riyad Al Homsi : One of the must plays
Vik : Controls suck in this game
Inyama Marvellous : Great ... A good was today happy
JODIRECK JARGIST : Very nice game
Vader Venkat : Cartoonist and fun
Prisha Lalwani : this app is awesome
Himanshu Adak : God damn awesome game
Plump : Great game ever 👌👌👌😆
Coon 990 : It makes you feel like a beast
Dragon Warrier : Great and different game
Rishi Karmakar : Very impressed game
Yoa Fah : Always loved rebel twins games
Roopa Devi : Best superhero game
Varun Jain : Great game play
Ba That : small and strong
aina fendy : Wow!! Good job!!! 👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
Mess with the honk you get the bonk : This is great!
Kevaughn Williams : The best game I have ever played
Rahul : Not interesting concept
May Zing : How do you use the weapons?
Orion MOlina : Very cool game
