shamim : the puzzles were great, really made you think. quite eerie in places which added to the atmosphere. i like that it saves your progress too.
melancholy asylum : the fact that the second chapter is pay only is sort of sad, i've played all your games before but i guess i wouldn't be able to play this one, i still love your games and will replay them every now and then. keep up the good work, still gonna 5 star for your effort and for what i've seen from this beautiful game.
mackenzie coleman : great game i was really excited about this and was hoping that it would be better than the last game they released and i wasn't disappointed at all. gameplay is hard but its still fun to play. reminds me of the first rusty lake games when doing the puzzles was fun.
anna skibinska : the game is wonderfull. it gives you good logical puzzles and keeps you engaged by the creepy atmosphere. the second part of the game is locked behind a paywall unfortunately
eric stenger : what an awesome game! this was the first time i played one from this franchise. it was difficult enough to be thoroughly enjoyable. the storyline was a wonderful compliment to the gameplay. on to chapter 2!
rafy riquelme : i love all rusty lake games, but with paradox they have absolutely outdone themselves. bravo! the only thing i would advise the makers is to go easy on things like the part of people's files. i felt that broke the athmosphere of the game with the people making goofy faces and the silly info on their professions.
no one : good quality, first escape room type game i've actually enjoyed, and it inspired me to play the other ones as well. love the storyline connecting them all together. it's not too easy, not terribly hard, and i love the design
a google user : the developers maintained the legacy of the rusty lake series !!! infact, they raised the bar with this one. everything is related to the previous parts, yet everything is new. a good choice for the old fans as well as the new players. kudos to the team !
freddy neitzsche : superb, difficult, interesting, frustrating, really really enjoyable. a little bit too macabre at certain points. definately not for children or easily upset people.
keirstin young : absolutely love these games, i took a gamble on their samsara room, loved that one (although i used a guide and cheated), but on the first chapter of this one i did it all on my own. the second chapters chess part got me, so i looked up a hint and went from there lol definitely would recommend and i plan to download more 10/10
devyn elder : super fun, i like no time constraint or strength needed. i enjoy poking around each area. i had to watch a video to get past some parts but i'm happy overall.
michel ten voorde : i like the idea, but the drawing part is so frustrating. even after watching the walkthrough i can't get it done. uninstalled before even having completed level 1.
puzzle 2020 : the story is creepy, the puzzles have just enough challenge and variety, and i love the style of the art and graphics. such a great game!
j d : great game. definitely challenging, fun and a little spooky. also, has several other games in series that are linked, but can be enjoyed separately.
tyler fleske : no ads and very fun. i only needed help once with the walkthrough. i can't wait to play part two. i will gladly support work like this. very well made and thought out.
r bolin : an iq test and a deep psychological story combined in a simple interface make one of the best mobile game experiences i have ever had. i encourage people to play all the games in the series. 10/10 across the board!
claire johnson : chapter 1 was great. very challenging, but all the clues made sense once i figured them out. one of the best "escape"puzzles i've ever played.
agy_1 : i would say this is a generally good game. good lore and out of box puzzles. i have to ding it for its chapter 2. i felt the developer was simply lazy to use the same room, same design, inexcusable!
bonnie mcguire : the hand was challenging and fun! i really loved it. i'm not paying for level 2. and the option is a 20 minute video!!??? no thanks! that's disappointing.
richard : at first glance, this game appears a bit janky. but you will quickly find it is very well engineered and a lot of fun. the developers have added a lot of subtle and very cleaver details to make it engaging and hard to put down.
jose miguel caballero : to put it simply; its the best point and click game series i have ever gone through. the rusty lake series is most interesting in its twisted version of reality. it will truly make you want to play more! keep it up rusty lake!
kulwant singh : great game. really enjoyed working through the puzzles - some of it is bit hard but doable with a bit of thought, everything linked together pretty well...sort of. going to try all the other rusty lake games.
a google user : although i've often struggled with this game series, enough to check the walkthrough numerous times, i've found it resonate with me in so many ways. subtle, intriguing, captivating.
a google user : i never write reviews. but this time its different. the only reason i am writing this is because i know it will help rusty lake, and i never want them to stop coming out with new games. i don't even like games. this is the only thing i will play. amazing job done. beautiful graphics, controls, everything is so well done. i have never bought a game until now, i'm buying all of them. download these games. you will not be disappointed. so happy i came across rusty lake!!!
deb hamwood : excellent addition to the series. brilliant puzzles plus a movie tie-in. very enjoyable hours spent playing. replaying the whole series again since i love it so much. thank you rusty lake team!
bartlett miners : this was awesome. not too difficult but definitely kept me on my toes. the aesthetic is amazing and the usage of voice and video makes it seem too real. very good
edvina grigaliunaite : amazing game <3 although it's a lil too hard but it's fun and scary best escape game i played. the quality is amazing and the story is super interesting, if you go to there youtube you can see hints ir even mini horror movies that relate to the game
stephen atkiss : really good game, really weird mind mess, addicted from first moment, purchased chapter 2 and was not disappointed. even like short film could watch at the end. really well done guys!!!! hope a chapter 3&4 might be produced?!
julia fox : loved the first level. i was definitely disappointed with how similar the second one was when i had to pay for it. seems like they just didn't want to put much effort in it. not smart considering they're disappointing their paying customers.
jamison sigs : if you like point and click adventure/puzzle games, arent easily freighted and have a strong stomach, rusty lake is what everyone else wishes they were. in my experience with many many other games in this genre, i mean if there's a competent developer making these games i've played all of them and plenty of seriously not competent developers games as well and the puzzles rusty lake puts together are far and away the most challenging, no hints rookies walk throughs are on youtube rusty lake is #1
elizabeth archer : been an avid rusty lake fan for a couple years now, this game was by no means an exception. another amazing addition to the cube escape franchise and i'm loving the story development that you guys have! now i'm just excited and (im)patiently waiting for the next one!!! <3
michael : this puzzle game has the best ambience! it reminds me of the immersive feeling of playing 7th guest. into the puzzles themselves are top-notch, interesting, and various.
john french : chapter 1 was excellent. i needed a few hints to complete but chapter 2 had a couple of puzzles which i couldn't understand even after watching the walkthrough!
kira lueaf : i love the game but i can't continue playing after the memories because on android i am unable to use the lever required to leave. when that is fixed, paradox will get 5 stars for sure !
laurent yang : the soundtrack was great, puzzles were unique and challenging, and the plot was really interesting. wish i could get part 2 but i'll definitely be trying the other cube escapes :d
martin orjales : difficulty: 1-4/5 engagement: 1/5 production: 5/5 the production quality is top notch! the videos in the game and the atmosphere can be truly frightening. the problem is since the progression advances at a snail's pace, retaining the feel they're aiming for becomes impossible. the puzzles range from "guess what i'm thinking" to stupidly easy and nothing but time fillers (making you swap rooms for 10 minutes isn't a puzzle). ch1 literally ends with a maze where they hand you the map.
sean : absolutely love this series, i was playing some of them out of order thinking it was just some weird escape game with no story, then i got to case 23 and was like "wait, she was in those too, oh wait that connected to that??" and i decided to look at them all, and started to play them in order, and whoo boi, stuffs addicting, it has you constantly questioning things, whether something is literal or figurative story wise. and it's a m a z i n g
cyris siryc : this was nice as well, just like the others. has a part 2 you have to pay for, but after playing all the free games they have, i was willing to pay because of how much fun i had already experienced with their other games.
sarah williams : i have to admit that i have never played and actually followed through with any other game other than anything by rusty lake. i've followed them for years waiting for new games to become obsessed with all over again! 100 % the best available on your phone. please please keep putting out more i'll be playing for as long as i live thanks for such great storylines
auryanna rose : i was stumped twice and had to look for help, other than that this is a fantastic puzzle game that filled many journal pages with questions and clues found. keep up the amazing work!
x jokepie x : as per i have no idea what's going on but i absolutely love it. i feel like there's going to be a big reveal at the end. always good consistency and thought provoking puzzles. i don't mind supporting them further by paying for chapter 2. worth it
naomi moreno : i played their samsara room and fell in love. i saw this one and it was just as amazing. i finished chapter 1. puzzles are fun but you have to buy chapter 2. i think it'll be worth it. looking forward to trying the rest of their games. highly recommend this to anyone who likes puzzles.
kirstie woolner : amazing - creepy, engaging and utterly brilliant. feels like a very well thought through story with an excellent conclusion. good puzzles to keep the intrigue. i love these games, but this is my favourite.
daniel chorley : simply outstanding. a challenging and thought provoking game requiring problem solving, verbal reasoning, and trial & error. probably the best android game i've played.
harshit jain : one of the most interesting game i played!! this game made me start to play all the rusty lake games and i found them all one by one amazing as they all come, and damn!!!! there is even a short film, that was a surprise and it was so interesting like these stories your telling in the game the theme of the game i really really loved it!!!
nova x gaming : this is really one of the best puzzle games i ever played... it's puzzles are very fun, makes you feel like a genius, and connected to the rest of rusty lake games, i liked it.
chu bonnie : absolutely amazing! this game left me even more clueless than before! the story just keeps getting better and better! anyway, when is the next game? i'm dying for a new one. (i finished all the games [that there currently are]. wonderful experience.)
darkavengervim : a very interesting experience, does not rely on cheap seek and find games just to advance the story. worth the price to get the second chapter.
britt n : this is the third escape game i've played from rusty lake, and it is by far my favourite. it's challenging, and incredibly thoughtful. the movie is a little bonus too. i'll be more than happy to financially support this developer by purchasing their work. well done!
thomas lindsey : this game is ridiculously amazing. it's very well-thought-out, very challenging, and extremely captivating. the rusty lake games keep getting better and better, and this one shows that the creators are at the top of their game. the creators also interact with those that play their games which is nearly unheard of. i can't say enough about this game and it took me a very long time to get through because of the challenges. well worth the price, can't wait to see what they come up with next. 10/10
aleksandra p : slightly creepy escape room game. it was fun to play, a lot of puzzles to solve. very few ads - you can actually enjoy the game!!!
daniel ruehle : tv doesn't work correctly for some of the tasks. looked up walkthrough and saw what tv was supposed to show. pretty lame to have a piece of the puzzle just not work. no way to continue without cheating.
jasmine stanford : adore this game! fun, challenging and spooky. amazing graphics and so immersive. plus the attention to detail and extras is just awesome. definitely buy chapter 2 if you can!
steven killen : delightful and best played in bed, especially as you get deeper into the mystery. a good challenge for the observant mind. but ymmv on the level of satisfaction the end brings...
a google user : i love all the cube escape games, i've played them all a few times. i haven't found another escape room type game that also has a solid story line and a real challenge to it. :)
colin zeidenstein-wilson : all my beautiful, supportive prose were lost in a glitch, so, second try: they're difficult enough, and gory. play paradox! check out all the rusty lake games! i play every one, buy the ones for sale, play the free ones for free!
a google user : by far the best puzzle game i have played. it is thought provoking, addictive, and it kills time but not in a bad way. it left me satisfied that i was able to solve chapter 1, but i don't like that i have to pay for chapter 2. but i love this app and i am recommending it to all of my friends!
sanmay sharma : amazing work by the rusty lake team... and i'm very happy about their seasons version too! it's actually fun to solve the quiz! when you actually have to work only then shall one have a sense of achievement isn't it?
liam miller : i love these games (tho i find them quite challenging) i definitely want to see more games like this one... and even if i cant figure them out i really like to (at least) check them out to see them... i find these games really fun and somthing to do when i'm bored!!!
anthony mtz. meneses : this is such an incredible game within a great argument. i put this score because there's a bug on my phone and i can't watch the videos in the tv so i can't go further ):
terhukka : this game series is great. i have always loved games like this. great story, solving different puzzles and lots to explore and think about. great job! by the way, i noticed the paradox section on channel 588 did not work. (?) only music is heard and a black screen is displayed. i had to look at the solution to be done online. or have i missed something?
jeremy burns : thats a fun one ja! there are some very creative puzzles that are just hard enough, for me anyway, to make you think a little differently.
mb hebert : one of the best escape room games. not too difficult, yet enough to keep you trying. outstanding game. fun, cool, clever.
wageh v : this is the best puzzle game i've played in my life. i hope i can give 10 stars. there is no such thing as this game. the only thing that can be like it is all resty lake games. i watched their videos on youtube and they were great. i advise everyone to play resty lake games because all their games really cool i'm waiting for more games i hope you make more games like this and thank you
amaury p : very interesting game if you like mysteries & solving puzzles definitely recommend for those who like metal challenges & "detective" work.
saba elle : usually i don't leave a review, but this game really got me. developers paid so much attention to the details so realistic, i'm impressed! i wish that was a real movie!
georgie r : absolutely loved it, just wish there was more! the tie-in short film is also excellent, well worth a watch.
fabs cano : amazing, immersive story and entertaining puzzles, couldn't keep myself from buying chapter two, worth it!
cheesecxke : i love the graphics and style of this game but one thing is that when i have to ring/dial the number it never does the right ones and i dont know if im doing it wrong or smt but it never works
grand360 : beautiful adventure puzzle game, with an intriguing storyline, which gives you more questions th a answers, thus motivating you to solve its mystery all the more. watching the short film adds to the game
amie seguin : rusty lake is probably one of my favorite app developers, they're really passionate about the games they put out. they design concepts are some of my favorite and the atmosphere is creepy but not so much it feels like a horror game. overall 10/10!!
tristan s : creepy atmosphere, great graphics and sound. some good puzzles. more often find the clue to the solution with some problem solving,
alba turner : aha brilliant. although i needed a bit of help from the walkthrough, it was really fun to try and figure out some of it for myself. i loved it the creepy story telling element to it aswell. great!!!
jade spurgeon : really quite interesting and is amazing to look at. at times it was a little bit too hard for me so i had to look at tutorials, but i don't blame the game for that, that's just me being a little slow. overall i had a lot of fun!
temper oni : i am a big fan of this series i have played all of the free games and i have watch walkthroughs of the ones i haven't. i am still trying to wrap my head around the whole story line but with this game it is making sense. also this is my favorite game of this series so far because i didn't expect live action. for anyone who's reading this i recommend that you play all of the games in this series, or watch them to figure out the whole story line. great game 100/10!
alexandra tenreiro : first of all, congratulations on your awesome work! i have backed one of your projects on kickstarter a while back, but my backerkit reward email has been lost until now. i tried to redeem the code for paradox chapter 2, but sadly it said it's expired... is there any chance you could send me a new one?
a google user : the game is amazing, i get to play it a jew perspective and i get to understand to whole story even more. its more of an enlightening part of the game. the puzzles are improved. i'm still waiting for more games of rusty lake and i hope the whole series will be made as a novel. please grant my wish
quinn murray : i actually haven't played paradox yet but i'm so excited! cube escape popped into my head for the first time in two years and i used to love these games, they're amazing, my high expectations definitely won't be disappointed!
georgi banchev : it was amazing amazing game!!! sure i needed little bit of help via youtube :p.. but most of the puzzles i solved them by myself. the story line and the puzzle are amazing!!!!!
robert hatfield : seem to have gotten myself stuck in the memories puzzle cant click to return to the organization part so he just runs back and forth not sure if it's a bug but its disappointing to have to stop so far into the game
tarun cherian : a plethora of elements inspired by horror and surrealistic works of old have been employed to create a well-narrated and entertaining experience. hard work has gone into crafting an eerie and haunting environment, and the payout definitely shows!
erik moreno : okay, the story is a total mind bender! puzzles weren't overly hard yet challenging. the game is great for pass time! plus the movies on you tube are amazing
simone spence : fantastic games. i accidentally stumbled across the rusty lake cube escape games and am completely hooked! a little dark, a little weird, but fun, challenging and a great way to spend iso-hours. thanks rusty lake!!
abdulrab iftikhar : great game! the story is a bit too convoluted at times, but i guess that is a design choice. the puzzle solving was very rewarding though.
miz knack : as always, rusty lake has created an amazing game. the atmosphere is consistently eerie and the puzzles are challenging without being frustrating.
tanya singh : an amazing experience. brilliant graphics and puzzles, really innovative story and approach. loved it! would be great if level 2 onwards was free!!!
destiny mcdouglas : great graphics. challenging puzzles but not unsolvable. very intriguing. kind of spooky. i loved it! i just wish i could play more than chapter 1 for free
a google user : yo wassup i need new cube/ rusty lake game fast! doesnt matter if its free or paid, please release new games, this series are some of the best point and click adv genre i have been played since sierra and lucasarts era! fun atmospheric creepy games! and without the frustating factor! thanks and please keep making fun games for us!
maiju hanhisalo : very nice style and storyline, kinda wanna buy the 2nd chapter, but i'll play the other free ones through first, and take in all the content. i've never bought anything in mobile games before, but this might be the first.
nosy rosie : another great game from rusty lake. please don't moan about having to pay for something that has taken time and effort to create. it's either pay for the product or get interrupted by adverts every few minutes, i know which i prefer.
mark hogan : chapter one was fun. i liked the myst style of game play and the puzzles. i was able to put it down a few weeks ago and pick it back up with no problem.
sourav das : mind blowing game. i have just fallen in love. sometimes in scares me. i am unable to buy the chapter 2. though i will say it is awesome. the background score is also beautifully mixed . all over a good game to work your brain.
shirley gloworm : just starting. in the words of a famous 70s variety show character, "veeerrry interestingk". so far, my kind of game. update: 5 stars. there's one point it got a little gruesome, but at least it was in animation. you might want to include a warning for parents & younger viewers. this one definately isn't for kids / the feint of heart. you guys are geniuses
jhon dominguez : i finished this puzzle yezz!! no cheating just only 1 day to me two finish i was late sending this feedback cause my wi fi has run out of load soo its kinda long to send it but the game is suppppeeerr amazing i like it i wish thiers plenty of levels and maybe you can put some creativity mode sooo we can make and challange our friends i like this game and i also finish all of your puzzles thanks for making this game :) .
anthony-john amodeo : very unique and challenging idea based on movie short. i'm still working through the 1st part and the app. i can only hope the rest are the same quality. i'm definitely enjoying it.
glanst1920 : i love this whole series! i've played all the games in the series and can't wait for more! the story can be a bit obscure at times, but it is intriguing and the puzzles are just the right amount of variety and challenge.
jenny beard : great puzzles. the achievements were a bit tough to do without a walkthrough because of being on a phone plus brightness issues but otherwise it was great!
bryte west : you just can't stop playing. it's very intuitive too. it was challenging enough to make me use a walk through at some parts buh i loved it.
harshith vdn : will make it 5 stars if tou make storyline 2 free to play in future the game is awesome as it connects all the cube escape and rusty lake games and the movie is also equally good. the whole plot and story are awesome and jawdropping. would recommend this game to anyone who is intrested in puzzles along with intresting storyline..
euvan la grange : rusty lake developers are a genius with all there games! the mystery, death, plots and twist is brilliant! keep up the good work! hope to c more of your games soon in the future because your games i always look forward to play! ps i always recommend this to people who like these type of games.!
aj galbot : awesome game. the story line is crazy good, the puzzles are hard, but not too difficult, so you get to keep going with the story. i don't know about anyone else, but i love these games
a google user : i always love the games by rusty lake. this game is amazing. it has a great puzzles and clues is enough clear, in my opinion. i got stuck twice i think, but you just need look around the rooms. the rusty lake staff make a great work ever.
leo h : great game, i always enjoy games by rusty lake. the puzzles are intuitive more often than not, and the art and music are of incredible quality.
jen hassler : had to use the video cheats to keep me going, but generally this was entertaining. the movie was a really nice addition and gave a preview about the game. not going to buy chapter 2 (i didn't like it *that* much) but it was definitely a stumper.
aminah berryman : my sister and i played all of the cube escape games multiple times. we will never get tired of them. they are the best games we have ever played. cube escape: paradox is a great and exciting game. the in-app purchase is 100% worth it. thank you very much for creating such awesome escape game.
marycielo corpus : i downloaded it without knowing it had an history. but it was a nice surprise, it is incredibly good. the puzzles are really cool and not too difficult. i totally recommend it to anyone.
daniel lockridge : its a hook. chapter 1 is super fun, challenging, and free. they hook you with chapter 1 and prompt you to buy chapter 2 when you're looking forward to all your hard work paying off to move on. would've given it a 5 star rating, but i hate it when apps do this. make me like something, trail me along, then bam! pay wall.
frederic meyering : incredible game. far from easy not stupid hard. i'd say logical once you get the hang of it. clues are easy to get but not obvious. very good play ability.
thomas schmall : logic won't get you far. it's mostly just random trying around - not nice for a point and click. the drawing puzzles are buggy, make sure to try everything thrice.
a google user : would be nice to be able to get out of game play without hitting the power button twice and then catching the task switcher before it goes away.
hemp eyn : best game i've played so far however last star missing for illogical stuff such as **spoiler alert** why would a parrot appear in window after playing a tape backwards? i deducted it may sound differently in other time (brain) and give me a phone number or something but nooo... a parrot
a google user : brilliant! i've literally finished all of your games in 2 days! congratulations, you've managed to create the best escape games out there! can't praise you enough for this, and thank u for keeping them free and cheap, cause i will definitely be buying the other 3! honestly, to anyone wondering whether to get this game or not, go for it, cause i can guarantee u will not regret it + u will be playing all of their other games as well! thank u so much for this! :)
kristian farnan : the game is ok but there's one 'drawing' puzzle that asks you to be more precise than you can be on a mobile phone touch screen, even when you know the solution.
moumita nandi : it's superb but some puzzles are not solving. it doesn't matter how hard i'm trying. i'm still stuck in chapter 1 face moving puzzle. it sucks. that's why i'm giving 1 star. i tried all the walkthroughs it didn't help at all.
ceres zal : i hardly buy games, but i've been following the rusty lake series and buying all their games. this really ties all their series and mysteries together. a lot of things make sense with this game. looking forward to more!
peet : i loveeee this game. it gave me a little anxiety so thats a lil warning you could mabye give at the start, but wow, the graphics, the storyline, e v e r y t h i n g!! really amazing keep making these kind if games! only sad that you have to pay for chapter two but i do also get it. (also, are you guys dutch bc i saw a lot of dutch names come by)
a google user : challenging, but once you figure out what you need to do at each step, makes sense. definitely worth your time. one criticism, a little dark in places, aka violence at the end of chapter one.
leah moretz : i previously left a review that i was stuck with a glitch, but after restarting my phone i had no problem! this game is great, although chapter 2 was harder.
john b : some obscure puzzles had me watching walkthrough numerous times. some i slapped my head after watching others i thought i would never have found if not for random clicking. good puzzler but not for novices
rahul kumar : amazing. truly stunning. challenges your memory and problem solving. will buy chapter 2. my sincerest thanks to the developers. loved the experience.
nilo caiozzo : brilliant as always, another game to immerge oneself in mystery, death and enigmas. the movie was done perfectly and made the game seem even more real. definitely going to play the next cube escape and rusty lake
travis ruetenik : sorry guys, but this one drops the ball. it's maddeningly difficult, but also without much entertainment. i've just wasted two or three hours trying to find sugar for the crow's coffee. and then had to wade through a 45 minute hint video when i gave up. you guys really really need a compelling hint system. i got so tired of switching brains...
stephanie kabetzke : amazing game! incredible detail. fairly difficult, i did have to use the walkthrough a couple of times. one of the best escape games i've ever played.
josh : rated up with "the room" escape games, that's a pretty big deal.. i loved the story line, the puzzles were fantastic, they really made you think and go back over yourself. chapter 1........ just wow!!
yan eve : creepy. brain teasing. aesthetically pleasing graphic. super horror that really give you a jump scare. difficulty is not too easy but manageable. love it so much.
autumn lee : i enjoyed this game. it was engaging and captivating. i played it all in one sitting. the downfall however is that you must purchase chapter 2, wish it was free. besides that good escape room esque game.
grace w : great game!! thoroughly immersive and engaging, i was hooked and couldnt stop playing. love the graphics and the design. well done to the creators! i'm going to have to play all your game now!
bex dee : i don't have a bad word to say about this game. i don't normally pay for games, but this is well worth the small fee for chapter 2. its not just a game, it's an experience. the short movie is a brilliant touch too. please make more of these!
alexis brown : i never had to use the guide because everything made sense but it was still challenging. probably my favorite game of the genre. also love the story line.
a google user : great game ...but you guys might want to buff up the security on settings because i used lucky patcher and bypassed the purchase and unlock the 2nd chapter .... ..... what can i do i am 16ys old in a poor country .....n i want to play this game so much bad that i had to do it...
kaylee dunford : i absolutely love this game! i have loved all of your games! keeps me on my toes wanting to kniw what is going to happen! i just wish i had money so i could get chapter 2 lmao. but either way, i love the cube escape games and i cannot wait to see more!! keep up the amazing work!!
sebi tealeaf : this story is absolutely incredible, immersive as heck and so engaging. i might not be a horror fan, but i loved it nonetheless. couldn't rest until i finished. wonderfully done.
christina berry : amazing!!! best game for thinkers, puzzle enthusiasts and room escape fans! story is great, graphics are great, sound is great, difficulty is perfect!!
bree maurer : difficult, but fun. very trippy. some of the puzzles were a little out there, but this is one of the coolest and most well thought out puzzle games out there
hannah schroeder : it's a challenge but that's why i love it. i've never played a puzzle game before and i will be playing more of these games in the future. paying for the 2nd chapter is worth it if you like supporting indie developers
sophie martin : puzzle tap game, took a few hours to complete, nice distraction. visual effects were good, no jump scares (so far), mild blood and horror, also a parrot.
gerardo mendez : thoughtful and mid-difficulty puzzles keep you on your toes. was really enjoyable (and kinda creepy in the best way) from start to finish!
dima tsoukalas : this game is just the best game i ever played. very smart riddles, not too tough, not too easy. i enjoy the atmosphere and the puzzles and the developers have made a great effort,. every player must play it!
hallie sutton : really fun! challenging but not impossible. took a couple of days and was entertaining and intriguing. have to purchase chapter two but that seems fair.
mohamed alhalabi : it is very nice experience, not so easy neither hard, it has the needed difficulty to be enjoyable and chromebook l challenging. thanks for your amazing game.
james bays : it was challenging but simple it got confusing at times and there were parts were done puzzle answers didn't work at first but re entering the game fixed it
lilith reay : i love this game series so much and i love this one the most of all. over all i'd say it's not to difficult to figure out and if you do get stuck there is walk throughs but i recommend it if you like escape rooms
aryan anand. : one of the best puzzle game i have played most of them rely on adds but this one even if they had put some adds it would be good nice work a bit sad that chap 2 needs payment but i get it its very good and well made and the story is vague but intriguing again nice game very well made
charlett streets : i think the concept of this game is really creative and entertaining. i'm proud of how much detail was put into this game and how you all even made a movie, i wish more creators could make engaging content like this.
xlolohcx : regular fan of scape games here. love it and found it very whole and sometimes i was surprised on the profound and deep storyline. awesome arte and details. overly all great game. nice movie. great plot.
emily porter : creepy and really makes you work for some of the puzzles. some of them were a bit overly convoluted but it's very fun
varuni saini : its a good game but when he resembles his memories the water is supposed to be sucked to another block when i click the liver as it is in the walkthrough but the water isnt going and he cant get into the submarine
chad white : fun game and good creepy plot... easy at first and of course i had to look at the tutorial to finish a few puzzles haha good fun stuff though
hanis syakirah : i'm really glad i found and try to play this games. it have a creepy vibes to it but not too scary. the puzzle is hard for me but i manage to finish it.
bertalan toth : rusty lake i cant belive it you hit the barrier these games are the best scary creepy puzzle games in the world i love the puzzles. whenever something happens like some noises i always flinch but i love it i just bought hotel i hooe it is even better then this and more scary like case 23 i love them all keep the demon of the past its soooo creepy i love it keeo making good games like this
daud muhammad : good game good game but the you can say like solving things are very very very very very very very very haaaarrdddd i can't solve them man so that's why i can't move further but the story is although good but please make the you know pizzlesnor what ever the solving things easier please
siobhan daniels : i loved this game. so challenging! it was beautifully creepy and the artwork is great. i really liked the live action element as well. will we ever get chapter 3? would definitely pay for another one.
lazaros fotiadis : one of the most exceptional games with riddles worth the effort, music that just sticks to your head and of course a surreal touch that makes it so outstanding.! congrats!
games with gazwxm : great game, hard to make this style of game creepy and ominous but this does it perfectly. managed it without a guide, just takes some thinking and good intuition.
 : very interesting puzzle-horror game, but unfortunately too short and nothing of surrounding madness was explained during it. only first chapter for free.
anton lorenzen : really good puzzles. however, i can't see the price of the extension. it says "by tapping agree you consent to the immediate performance of the contract" without showing a price!
jille de lange : wonderful little puzzle game, some took me a while. there is a big where i could refill the glass cup with water although the bottle was empty. didn't effect the rest of the game though just wanted to address it
martin james pirie - personal : love the series and the studio keep up the great work (any freelance work ill help) bug issue tho - accidentally clicked away from corrupt statue and when i go back it wont appear again :'(
golubac lobulac : scary, mysterious, weird, funny. this is something i was not expecting at all. there are tripple a games that i have played that didn't have this type of grip on me. don't even get me started on youtube videos that help you, in a very creepy way, to play the game. you can see that someone designed this game with heart.
ordinarynaga : this us the most amazing game i have ever played! the story is amazing! i love how it makes more sense the more you play! and after you play chapter 2 the entire thing comes together! this whole game really is a paradox! i love you guys and i love thus game!
mrs mop : just as great to play the second time around - classic rusty lake puzzles though had to resort to the brilliant walkthrough by appunwrapper once or twice (ok - 3 times!) - highly recommended - more please!
hitmansusaaoe susa : this game is great but there is a problem in "escape the mind" in the room with the glass and the lever. the lever doesnt work so, i can not go ahead with the game !! i have restarted this 2 times and the same problem always, please fix it !! i play on android :(
veronica : whoever made these games is a genius, finished paradox, birthday and now going to theatre. lovely games. absolutely perfect! no adds, thrilling aventure. and, of course, a unique message, going around the cycle of life! much love!!
kim h : the movie reminded me of "room 1408", not sure why. another creepy, weird, thoughtful game in keeping with the series. terrific as always. so glad i preordered! thanks guys, it was worth the wait. i finished chapter (1) and can't wait to dive in to the next one.
jonathan wallace : a good intuitive puzzler that is challenging but doesn't require a walk through every 10 mins. it reminds me of the ending to twin peaks.
henri zhu : great puzzle game. for me this is well written story line. one thing bugging me... clue in slide 1 for the clock. but at last i've done the chapter 1. keep going with this great game... :)
cassie garcia : super great! i got this game cause i had played another..the samsara room one and i loved it...keeps you very invested. only this is i couldn't get the hang of one part and i thought i had to start all over to restart that level...but turns out i was just dumb lmao but very good games. def gonna play the rest.
amanda dimova : spooky and creepy, but a game that will help you take your mind off things. i love the puzzles and graphics. not sure how i found rusty lake and never considered myself into games but these are for me and i keep buying more. to ppl who say it's too expensive, it's literally less than a latte.
social loner : topnotch puzzle/thriller game. such an immersive experience. i finished chapter 1 and bought the 2nd one and finished the game. cheers to the dev and everyone who contributed to the making of this masterpiece. 10/10 !
a google user : i love the rusty lake's games, i played all of them but unfortunately i can't purchase the chapter 2 and this is sad beacuse i love to play it, but it's look like this is country problem. anyway i said before but i want to say it again, thank you so much for this fun and good work, i love you all
sergio fabiani : fantastic and engaging. i bought the 2nd chapter too: amazing how the game can be even more challenging while using the same context!!! good job rusty lake!
: chef : : wow. high quality escape room. maybe set up a hint system? ads on hints would be a good idea so we can support the game without explicitly pulling out our wallets. great experience!
alexia thomas : very interesting, i have not seen a good puzzle game like this in a long time that has an good story and mystery. but beware that the chapter 2 for the game is purchased and not free
alberto lange : totally love the cube scape series and rusty lake games, definitely chapter 2 is worth every penny. the way it fits with the film and closes the paradox circle is amazing. looking forward to the next episode on dale's journey. greetings from peru
ciril neukom : the puzzles are good brain teasers and the solutions are all within reason. the atmosphere dense and creepy. very fair pricing model.
kelli harris : truly outstanding, once again & worth every cent! absolutely loving the details, too... what seems to be an eye on wall paper, is actually moths or the snow on the tv, a swarm of moths! very clever. ( loved so, kitty ts host) all in all, what is most great, is that the whole lot of your team seem to have worked very hard on the whole rusty lake saga & have come together so well, on an addictively satisfying entertainment enterprise! well done, everyone!! you rock!!
leo, currently magenta-tinted : game was nice but i am currently stuck in the mind-arrangement part in chapter 1. specifically, on the one with a big wine-glass. after i pour the water, i think i am supposed to pull the lever next to it, but it doesn't work. please fix it.
k : i adore this game! immersive and stylish! really interesting and creative, i love the puzzles and how you solve them. feels completely unique to other escape games!
an absolute mistake : best escape room game ive played to date. the puzzles werent so difficult you got angry and stopped playing but they werent easy either. ontop of that the story is more than i could ever ask for.
chaitanya kamat : i didn't like it. you can't do anything without referring to walkthroughs. you can't figure out most things. and it's just the 1st chapter that's free. you need to pay for the 2nd chapter. you end up where you started after you complete the 1st chapter so that is also a let down. sorry, i don't want to sound like it's a bad game or anything... i enjoyed playing it, but towards the end there's definitely a sense of anticlimax.
d marco : you've done it again guys!! another 5/5 star rated game love the length, storyline and graphics. especially loved the incorporation of 'real life' characters from the movie and rusty lake crew . just bought chapter two and can't wait to play it!! under $3 is so reasonable
armand mey : very well built escape game, and i love the story behind it, although i am stuck in one place and just don't seem to be able to get past it... but still, this game makes you think allot
ella gialanella : its a great game so far, would love you finish it but when i'm filling in the puzzles with the pencil it doesn't register that i filled in the puzzle. so as of right now i am stuck because the game doesnt register i am trying to complete it.
utari randy : must playing game of the year.. great game, excellent storyline, graphics, riddle me out of my mind.. and quite thrilling with little unexpected timing jumpscare.. thumbs up for your team..
kingnothing013 : chapter 1 was a great free and add free experience. thrilling, fun and just the right level of difficulty. definitely buying chapter 2.
sarah baxley : rusty lake srsly has the best escape games on the market. they are the only ones i have ever paid for. high quality puzzles, graphics, storyline, you name it. 5 stars all the way.
melanie blanchard : rusty lake never disappoints! their games are always great, and so creepy! i absolutely love it! ;) i have a lot of fun and quite a few goosebumps playing paradox, just like i do all of their other games! great work on this one, you've nailed it once again! bravo rusty lake!
aura herrera : i love this game. i have played all your games and this one is amazing. nice job with the movie also. i just have an issue. on the chapter 2, i gave the hand the black egg and nothing happened. i'm stuck here because it's like i have received the egg but since the hand didn't "reported it" there's nothing else i can do. could you please help me?
jad masri : cube escape games are one of the best i've ever experienced, and one of few that actually make sense. i'm literally always excited whenever i see a newly released game from you guys, keep it up!
rozanne lesch : this is honestly the best crime and mystery solving game i've ever played. i've completed all the games, including this one (absolutely amazing) and i can't for even more new releases!
kat : coolest game ever! like david lynch made an escape game, only better. i had no qualms about spending $2 to get chapter 2, these people are amazing artists & should get paid. i'm a tightwad too esp w apps. this is gorgeous and they play fair. will probably be buying the rest of rusty lake games too!
batman chevelle : i've always loved rusty lakes cube escape games. i dont usually buy games on my cell phone, but i've never regretted buying a rusty lake game, and i still havent. these games are so creative but also challenging with a dark tone and it gets my gamer side, my mystery side, and my horror freak side all excited.
francisco c : we need more games like this! maybe a sanitarium escape game?! excellent graphics and easy gameplay. this was a definite suspense thriller.
vlasiotis nikolaos : very good escape game. the series is good as a whole. it has an aura of creepiness and mystery where you can only hypothesise what went on in the story.
anonimous dimension : love love love rusty lake games. i have played and enjoyed every single one of the cubes but the latest one the paradox saddens me a little. i was really looking forward to playing the second part when i discovered i needed to pay for it i tried to but it wont play. would have rated 5stars
kirk stothart : another adventure into a world i have grown to love over the years ! again an installment that does not disappoint. 13th game ? at least 4 years playing and always left coming back for more ! great job ! added video was so cool !!!
megan vo : the cube escape series are by far by favourite escape games. they're also really addicting. the style is a perfect balance between fun, challenging, and creepy. 5 stars!
emz woods : these are honestly the best series of games i've ever played i'm constantly in a state of good confusion as to what's going on and the puzzles are always fun and challenging!
parker ertl : amazing puzzles, just spooky enough to not be scary but to be pleasantly unsettling. left me wanting to find out every little detail around every corner!
ben : great story and puzzles but unplayable part means i can't progress. can't dial the numbers on the phone properly, it keeps jumping to random numbers!!
ondrej rosypal : not a fan of the in-game purchase. we play the cube escape series within the family and unlike the regular paid games the family library cannot be used here. disappointing, because otherwise the quality is top notch (as with the other games) .
wj ba r : brilliant puzzle games. great fun. loved playing the whole series. thank you for giving my brain a workout and for all your hard work making the games. please don't stop!!
l b : the first chapter was probably influenced by the movie called shuttered island. if you watched it, you know who did what to who. during the gameplay, some puzzles we're just out of place like when you have to flip the women's face but in real life... you wouldn't touch a ghost..... and you wouldn't blow out smokes that turns into different symbols...
daniel schneider : this game was very fun! i just beat the 1st chapter and had a hard time putting it down! i plan on buying chapter 2 and recommend the game to anyone who likes using their brain power.
life of yooms : so fun! i got all the achievements. of course with the help of youtube user: g m p . awesome guy who got all the achievements. i got the green vial instead of the red vial. if you get the green vial, then you don't have to go through the stinkin' forest to get to laura. also, i didn't play chapter 2, because it's purchase only.
layla b : i love your game. i would've bought the second chapter if i had any money but i recommend it to poeple who can. this game was a major stress relieve to me . thank you for making such a masterpiece. i'll play your other free games since i'm broke
juan gutierrez hernandez : best rusty lake game ever! i want to say congratulations, you have made an excellent game, the eay the game and the movie are connected makes this game a masterpiece. i can't explain what you made me feel with this game but i want to say thank you for such a wonderful game! and thanks for creating this dark and perfect universe.
abhiram g.r : nail biting game! great content. you can't just come to conclusion, especially at the clock. there are lot more, sometimes i had luck. but fantastic, it is all the logic here! hey! readers... i just escaped. can you try to escape..?
tatyana hieb : stuck on a part. an important piece won't show up to continue to the next part and i reset the whole level and started over, still stuck. no way of contacting anyone to fix it
timberly rae : really? get me into it then hit me with a purchase. but the level i played for free is awesome. it was totally fun figuring out how to get out. and what a trip some of the clues were. my 11yr old son was into solving the clues with me. does make me want to buy the 2nd chapter. fun game!
shirou chui : my favouriteeee escape game is baaack!! i've played all the series and be more and more curious about the story! this one is way mooore creative.... and more thrilling... also, the video feature is cool af! so far no game can compare the rusty lake series... this addict me so much...
david moore : i liked the game but when i got to the point of moving the woman's face, up down, right, left, i had to go to the walkthrough 3 times, writing down the movements each time and it never worked. all i got was, "wrong way, move other way". i uninstalled it.
nate half : love the game but coulda sworn i already paid for ch 2 and there's no option to restore purchases so i guess i'll pay again as it's only 2 bucks and maybe i'll rereview after but just kinda disappointed i have to pay again, if ch 2 is familiar than i'll know if i did or not but pretty sure as i bought all the others and played them in the official order some time ago, will say though, still worth it, it's that good!
k n : i don't really review apps but this is just amazing! the graphics are beautiful and the game itself was smooth. this is such a perfect past time.
ansh ak : mazes were superb.. mind-blowing ideas.. chapter-1 is masterpiece but ending is slight confusing that who killed that girl. chap-2 is only available after a paycheck. it should be free. overall very good.
steve leblanc : definitely another masterpiece, however when i finished chapter 1 and tried to move on to the second chapter the app locked up. update cleared up the problem. thanx to a great dev team!
a google user : great game the puzzles were kind of difficult at times and then trying to figure out where to go and what to do next without any help was kind of difficult as well but that's what it should be very good game great job
jacob stahly : these games are awesome if you like room escape games. clearly a lot of effort was put into each one and they barely have any ads, mostly just supporting their other works. highly recommend
paranormal : my reviews keep disappearing for some reason... whatever. so right now i'm at the point where the game told me to call the number 94559, i believe. so i go to the telephone and i put the numbers in, then i have to exit to go click the telephone itself but when i exit it resets and therefore i can't call. how do i call?
lisa : well i loved it until i was in the brain and could not pull the leaver after tipping the glass....i tried and tried and it just would not work :( sucks to get so far in the game only to have it not respond so close to the end. bummer
yomi bumal-o : finally finished it and it was truly challenging, especially in trying to collect all the achievements! as always, another great game.
jannese _ : i have always loved the cube escape games and this one was no different. i just got a little frustrated with the ending puzzle because i wasn't sure what to do. but a great game overall!
brandi liner : it was a great game until i got to the woman's face. it kept telling me the "other way" and "wrong" but i was following the walkthrough with this part before even moving the woman's face. must be a bug :'(
kevin naicker : thrilling, best escape style game i've played so far without using any hints, challenging but fair..
steffi reynolds : just the right difficulty. never got really stuck but definitely needed to rethink things quite a bit. love the vibe although not sure how i feel about the ending :p
graciela nunez : this game was the best cube escape i've ever played. its history was awesome, its puzzles and riddles. everything was perfect for me. and wow, i loved your short film, rusty lake. you should do things like this for ever you put my expectations so high, i can't play more games because i feel like those game are nothing if i compare with your games haha i love you, rusty lake
elliott : this game is buggy. one point you need to trace am outline of man to proceed, but the code is real finicky on the exact lines trikes, (which is difficult on a touch screen phone). looking at online walk throughs doing the same steps i am trying to do and not working for me made me uninstall this game and give it a 1 star
draco storm : i loved playing this! some of the puzzles were really clever, and it wasn't infuriating like a lot of escape the room games ^^ and the graphics were cool. you'll enjoy! :)
alyssa mcdowell : really am enjoying these series. captivating storyline. interesting, odd puzzles. unique and eerie. worth paying for the extra room.
moe tschudy : worth buying the collection and playing through that first as it adds to the experience. this is great so far.
kaitlin branine : amazing. very stimulating and entertaining. the artwork was very pretty as well. just the right amount of challenging to be satisfying and fun
ang sinying : waited for so long and really worth it. the storyline and the graphics were excellently done. glad that i paid for the chapter 2 and finished it.
prajeeta pradhan : cube escape: paradox is the best one out all the games that i've played! this is my second time playing after completing the rest of the cube escape puzzles! thank you rusty lake for these amazing mind puzzling games!
sharlee lmr : fun and intense! some enigma are a bit hard but it's still funny to play. the 1st chapter is free but the 2nd isn't. 1.99+tax, i had fun with the 1st one so i didn't hesitate.
newt taylor : honestly, even if i like your puzzles and all, the look of the games etc., i just wanted to point out how sexist your games are. it's pretty disappointing to see that you don't escape misogynistic tropes. it ruins my experience of the game to see that women in all those games are always either dead (laura), giving birth, or planting flowers.
anastasia becks : oh wow, as a huge twin peaks fan i have no less than 5 stars to give. what a great game, the atmosphere, the art... interesting quests, no just another point and click!
shiv sagar : cube escape is by far the best escape game ever for me..its an advance level escape game series..the storyline,puzzles and the surrealism is insane.i look forward to all it parts n i wish the developers keep making them endlessly.but why is chapter 2 for a price?
miranti asmo : all rusty lake game are so good, i feel like finding a real diamond in pile oh puzzle games. its not just puzzle, the ambiance, the story line, bgm, and heck, art also amazing. speechless.
stefan saru : atmospheric, dark, interesting point and click adventure. love rusty lake games, but this is my favorite so far. the cube neatly, subtly and sometimes not-so-subtly references other rusty lake games. the past is not dead. it's not even past
shawn middlesworth : this game is amazing! the graphics and interactivity are so impressive. there are mind blowing surprises throughout to keep you motivated to keep playing. bravo!
matt noway : fantastic, as always. well worth the wait. bought the premium version on steam, and seriously considering buying the premium for my phone as well. i bought both versions of rusty lake hotel, too - that should tell you just how good these games are. can't wait to see what's next!
savannah cseh : amazing if you like challenging puzzle games, makes you feel like you are there and like a detective. love this game, once im not broke i will but chapter 2 (thats the only bad thing in my opinion)
jon voss : i have played all the games to the point of memorizing every puzzle. the music, the story, and the imagery keeps me coming back. these games are always on my phone.
ian jamieson : what a game! i love real escape rooms, and this is the perfect transition to my phone. i'm a big fan of point and click games like monkey island. cube escape is superb
saxbend : excellent, compelling and highly innovative and downright creepy escape room game. just weird enough in its surreal logic to be challenging without making you tear your hair out.
bobbie archambault : this is my second game by rusty lake. i love there's no ads. i love the challenges too. i'm going to buy the other games, for these reasons. totally awesome.
tara cattenburg : rusty lake games are my absolute favorite. great job incorporating the other story lines into paradox. not sure why people are complaining about having to pay for chapter 2... chapter 1 kept me occupied for over an hour :p well worth the wait!
justin d : great game as expected! just finished the game and about to run through it again for some achievements. love the movie included with this one. keep it up! cant wait to see what you come up with next!
derek anderson : my absolute favorite in the entire series. it puts a lot of puzzle pieces together, and reveals a lot of the lore of these games. absolutely incredible. 11/5 stars if i could
angeliki : the game is amazing! i love everything about it, the grapgics, the idea, just trying to understand what i need to do! i suggest you download it 100%. i wish chapter 2 was free so i could continue it cuz i'm broke
annie alberto : love the illustrations but somehow i cannot click on the light switch nor move the picture pieces around the frame. phone works fine, i don't know about the game though. :(
samantha buckley : really enjoyed this game. could be challenging at times but not too easy either..so it was good to be able to refer to walkthrough!
tyler a : im stuck on the maze part with the mind. i poured the glass of water, but the lever won't work and has a weird red button over it that isn't in the walkthroughs? im not sure what im supposed to do update: oh shoot im stupid i didnt realize you were supposed to line up the rooms
gary miles : if i could give this more than 5 stars i would! i am binging rusty lake games right now and this is the best one so far. thoroughly enjoyable, just finished chapter 1 and immediately paid for chapter 2. frankly i'm amazed that most of these games are free, i would happily part with my money for games like this. outstanding work rusty lake keep them coming!
sierra silvas : i really really love this game but i ran into a glitch, when i play harves song he doesn't come through the window like he should, i waited a long time, switched brain's, took the tape out and put it back , rest the game i don't what eles to do but it sucks i can't play till it's fixed :(
caleb fleming : wow. its been a long time since i've been so engrossed in a game. just a fantastic piece of work, i immediately gave my $2 for chapter 2 and downloaded more cube escape games. the play store needs more quality experiences like this.
anna artioli : what in all the holy hells is this game. genuinely unsettling, distressingly clever (a couple times too much so: keeping the symbols codes straight was a bit messy at times), and wonderfully refreshing. absolutely recommending it to friends!!
mira : i've played all of the rusty lake games (except for the ones you need to pay for) and i love all of them, especially this one!! it is kind of a shame that you need to pay for the second chapter but nonetheless a wonderful game!!
ta na : i love this game but even after the updates, when i played harvey's song in the future, he doesn't come through the window like he's supposed to. tried everything! ah! i guess i didn't try everything! thanks for the hint! and excellent game! please make more!!!
alex cuttell : very intriguing, methodical gameplay. good change from the standard type of puzzle game. wouldn't recommend for the faint of heart
51d : absolute genius, very dark and well thought out, great puzzles and a fantastic storyline, definately thought outside the box to create it, this game is the benchmark for a new era of games
arihck diller : intensive, intriguing, interesting, very nice work and excellent shortcut, perfect combination of music and graphics are simple but adequate.
sarah tarbox : interesting and engrossing story line. not predictable. puzzles are challenging, but logical and can be solved with some thinking.
ophelia wolfe : i really like this game the puzzles are confusing and entertaining i love it please make more games like this. bonus no ads
andy huynh : please add an option to remove screen transition animations. i want to play this game, but the screen transitions give me a headache.
noar sopi : this game is definitely the best of the cube escape games, somehow, everything in it is amazing, the ambience is great, the gamplay is great, so are the visuals, 10/10.
tj karna : the best escape game ever. it gave me the chills and tested my thinking and code cracking skills. this game is the best. i loved it. the game play is at its peak. the graphics are top notch. the story is so thrilling. it is a spooky story and it is awesome. i would suggest to all my friends to play this game. it feels like you are really stuck in this place. and have to escape it. loved it so much.
casandra cottrell : hands down the hardest game. love that they have the walkthroughs to help you whenever you need cause man i needed it. hard but definitely fun and exciting! a must try!
walder b : i went sooooooooo close to solve it all without any walk through. (classified files for book ranking) ...! this game is great. this game was hard.... verry hard sometimes. i wanna try champter 2 now for sure. hope its free !!! thanks for you guys work ! its precious
sarah questell : i enjoyed it. challenging escape game with some psychological intrigue. very twin peaks. i got stumped quite a bit, though, and unfortunately had to look up the answers.
adriana amezcua : i've played and paid for all of the rusty lake games so far and will continue to do, but this is by far my favorite short game! i especially love the short film that was created for this! i wish they'd make one for one of their longer games, like roots or hotel!
racheal winson : just as amazing as all the others. ignore all the haters moaning about the fact you have to pay for chapter 2. they're an indie company producing fantastic games that don't have stupid microtransactions built into the game- far more annoying than paying a few pounds up- front! they also did tell everyone that the second part would cost money. just because some people don't pay attention...
hilwa j.iskandar : it was fun and challenging.you really gotta use your brain. good thing they got some walkthrough vids on youtube which is convenient because i can't solve it by myself :)
scotia mccombie : absolutely brilliant, highly engaging, varied logical puzzles & dark plot. incredible for a free game, away to purchase second one!
v. nesstea : i love this game!!! favorite of all time hands down! i love having to think critically. greeeeat job to whomever developed it. i'd play this game and this game only until my fingers fell off it i could buy more chapters. still a great experience though!
josh bourgeois : all the rusty lake games are great. well worth the money for the few that arent free. this latest game is no exception. i good balance of challenges without being tedious.
chris greenwood : brilliantly engaging escape style game. keeps you informed to just the right level and the story is also interesting. likely to purchase chapter 2.
jopa726 : you can't play without the help of youtube walk-throughs. frustrating and then to make matters worst, i got almost to the end of chapter 2 when "the man behind the curtain" with the disembodied hand disappeared. i had to reset the game.
shayan yaghouti : it was the best game that i have ever played. i recommend this game specially the second chapter. although the game story is too long, solving the mysteries will make you addicted!
 : i really enjoyed this game, but there's a problem in part when we're playing in main character's head. i couldn't unlock the tube to let the water inside other room.
sagar chitale : there are bugs in the room 1 specially where you have to complete the challenge of move my face.. it keeps on running in the loop after the ghost comes out! no way to get the cloth from the lady.. please fix the bug asap..
theredsaladmanjoe : i enjoy the rusty lake games and the mechanics, but could not advance in chapter 1 cuz my game would crash whenever i used the tv. i hope this bug is fixed cuz i would like to play till the end of this game
nematjon rajabov : great game. but i think only an episode is not enough. in addition, this game is little bit difficult . i've used solved video from the net to arrive the finish more time. anyway, cool game
kylie halley : an enjoyable puzzle game. not so hard it's impossible to complete but definitely a thinker in some parts. great mystery and really connects the story
victoria johnson : yess! this was what i needed! i played through chapter 1-9 and felt so empty when i finished because i was left on a cliff hanger. i'm glad there was more when i found this chapter. i can't wait for the movie they are making, too!
ronnie r. : way too obtuse this time. while i normally pride myself on rarely, if ever, needing a walkthrough for the cube escape games, this time i found myself getting lost nearly constantly.
carrie caulfield arick : challenging and engaging, i loved this game. this was my entry into rusty lake games... and i the first one i paid for happily (a couple of years ago, looks free now). bought roots recently and it's the same quality... this is a developer worry supporting with my dollars! thanks, rusty lake!
little leigh : awesome. a great range of different puzzle types, challenging but rewarding, lovely artwork. thank you for sharing your work for free.
ryan bessin : pretty weird which was cool, amuses you for a good while, some good logical puzzles, some not so logical. really well made though, loved the little puzzle mind bit.
tess passey : just the right amount of creepy. great game. escape room in a mobile game, done well! beautifully drawn and animated. the puzzles were so good!
jim weter : the best escape game i have yet to play! fairly difficult at times, creepy to play late at night in the dark. great sound effects. how have i not heard of rusty lake before?! will definitely be checking out your other games.
nobrainbear bear : love the concept of the game and the style is very nice. indeed the video that you guys made to correspond to the game gives a nice touch of surrealism to the players. well done!
daniel beach : satisfyingly difficult and spooky. really good! only quibble is that the controls are sometimes a bit crude. otherwise perfect.
m3lp l30n : could be a great game, has potential, but the in game hints are extremely vague, you need top have internet to play this game to get actually useful hints. so this is not really an offline game, but not bad the game just needs better in game hints. i wouldn't mind posting for this game as the developers really do have a true commitment to their game. thank you to the developers of this game, but like me in mario maker you need a better system of hints.
chris holt : pretty perfect escape game! challenging but not to the point of feeling lost and needing a bunch of clues for vague puzzles. love it!
sophiia : such a great game! had my attention for ages, genuinely difficult to put down. had a couple of head-scratcher moments but this is definitely the top of its genre. 100% recommend
jack taylor : any game like this that ends with turning to a wiki for help and then the answers still make zero sense gets an automatic 1 star. the tracing section is poorly optimised for doing on phone screens without a stylus.
a google user : i love chapter 1 and i'm considering buying cheaper 2. it's a shame you have to pay to play the other half of that game. it took me a day to finish the game. i love rusty lake games. they're interesting, have a good story line and make you think.
sarah murphy : the first chapter is amazing. it was a bit tricky in parts but overall, with the design and the sound it's great.
justin steele : good game with so many glitches. you either can't grab or use one or another item. i had to restart the game multiple times, still with one issue or another preventing me from proceeding
pedro rodriguez : i've played a lot of point and click games and this may very well be my favorite, it is amazing how many puzzles can fit into a single room, i'll get the second chapter on steam as soon as i can.
heather lee : now this sneaky game drove me nuts for days puzzles wickedly challenging. i've played most of the cube games but this one was high level creepy and hard. well worth losing some sleep over. a must play... download it now
adham ziara : great game, but there is a lot of glitches. at first i couldn't get the duct tape although i kept pressing on it, now i'm stuck inside of his brain and i can't get out of the piece that inside of his brain with pic and black body.
tom wright : bugged played the game and eventually came across a bug which impeded my progress. couldn't progress further due to this. avoiding further details to avoid spoilers.
trash : honestly rusty lake have the best escape games, they're the right amount of creepy so that it's not the entire story line. and the story line is so well thought out and so cool and honestly just get the game seriously.
guram mikaberidze : the free first chapter is good. the second half is a bit lazy, but still not bad. i gave it 2 stars because second part promises a different ending to the story, and it is exactly the same. not cool.
sean ashton : this game is weird but amazing. some things you may get stuck on, but luckily they have a walkthrough on youtube. the story as a whole is very eerie, kinda gives off a salad fingers kind of vibe. do yourself a favour and play this wonderful game!
angela lantain : what an incredible game! the addition of live acting was a stroke of genius! the puzzles are challenging and sometimes require you to look at things from a new perspective. i don't know how you're ever going to top this!
dianne sa : i watch the movie first before playing this because of a friend and she told me that it is from a game then i downloaded the game immediately the game is difficult yet solvable. it's very fun and it really lets you think. what a very nice game.
a google user : love it. passed without using hints. i played a few other games of this cube escape series but one suggestion for the producer: name or organise them more systematicly coz i can't tell which one i already played and which one i didn't
camila pizarro s. : live this series. i really liked this one :) the only issue was with the face puzzle. never really get it, i think i just solved it with a bit of luck.
laurent richard : boring, slow, impossible to figure out without checking on internet how to proceed on some steps, not good for beginners, plenty of steps don't make sense, just an excuse for showing crime scenes. can't an escape game be more positive and make more sense??
bernard gomez : dissapointed. was having a lot of fun with this game until reaching the rearranging memories part. would not allow me to proceed because i could not pull the lever for the water. i know i am doing it right too because i watched numerous walkthroughs. siiiiiigh...
dorian johnson : this is by far one of the best escape games i've ever played! it's intriguing, creepy, and challenging all at the same time! very creative, great job :)
atharva nair : one of the best games i've played!!! the story is amazing and the puzzles are great. i will recommend it to all my friends and now i'm definitely going to play the other cube escape games.
thorbjorg una thorkelsdottir : loved it! really makes you use your brain and not just 3-4 puzzles and on to the next level. just wish you wouldn't have to pay to get to chapter two
nyla davison : another amazing game from rusty lake. i love them all. all so beautifully drawn, voice acting is great. hard enough to keep you busy but not so easy it's a bore. please keep making games!
geniz hernandez : love love love all the rusty lake games. they're great puzzles with fascinating pieces that help you understand the overarching story. if you're a fan of twin peaks or of surrealism in general, this game is for you
lucinda rundle : love this game, the 2 chapters just weren't enough. some bits had me completely lost so i had to go to youtube for help. best escape style game i've played.
matthew jones : really incredible that a game of this quality can be free (well, as free as you want it to be!). challenging and sinister, this will stay on your mind hours after you've finished playing it.
perihan mostafa : best game i have ever played in my life. the puzzles are perfect, not too hard but not that easy. the plot is amazing. the graphics are very smooth. 10 out of 10 would recommend!
mini monster : the puzzles were challenging and engaging, and i actually ended up getting stuck quite a few times. if you love puzzles, you'll love these games.
ryuu alarie : this was an amazing game series ive finnaly finished all of them but i'm kinda sad that you have to pay for the 2nd chapter but i get it. the storyline of these games are amazing and sad. 2nd place below fnaf if your starting from this game, dont!! it won't make sense and will make it harder to understand, good day
aleric inglewood : random stuff. when i gave up and wanted to see the walkthrough the puzzle really began. i gave up figuring out how to find the walkthrough video too.
gertrude agnes newbie : if you like other cube games, you will love this one. iplayed them all. puzzle game with twist. it's creepy horror game. you need to play all games because all stories are related! :)
dvch : wow, simply wow, this game is one of the trickiest i've played, i think it would right after "the room" series(which is on the 1st place on my ranking) clearly an awesome game, but wouldn't recommend it to kids to play it, since there's a couple scenes...
john van heerden : some of these indie games are done much more professionally than the big names in gaming. will much rather pay for these type of games as a once of purchase, than paying for all those other ingame purchase rip offs to have a 'better gaming experience' in most other games.
edgars pavuls : great, dark game with amazing and mysterious puzzles will buy second chapter! had issues with draw to fill stage, but after reset, issue did not persist, therefore 4 stars
ananya gawande : one of the best games i have played in a while. each episode better than the other. an intriguing storyline. keeps you hooked. definitely an exercise for the brain!
michelle stewart : love everything that is rusty lake and this time they outdid themselves. what an amazing adventure to watch the short film and get clues to play in game! these guys have set the bar now! well done to everyone involved in the making of this masterpiece.
carly servais : brilliant as usual. definitely a long rusty lake game worth the wait. i've played every cube escape game and this is one of the best. so many new elements unlike other cube escapes. keep up the amazing games! i never get tired of them.
tomaz krt : marvellous! this is an extraordinary game, definitely not cheap and easy. feels like a real escape room. the puzzles are well written and nothing is left to chance. i highly recommend it!
sylvia zuko : great puzzle game. this company is awesome. yeah some parts are tricky but overall good connections and great story. i like how the other games kind of play into this too.
navaeh warriner : i would give more stars if i could actually play the game. when you are coloring in the door it will not keep me procede.
lou hooper : this game is like no other escape room app i've ever played! with it's mix of jumpscares and puzzles, this is probably one of the best games i've played so far! i've loved it since the start and so far i'm only halfway through! awesome game in all
natalia petrash : it's very pretty, and most of the puzzles weren't obtuse enough for me to need the walkthrough. story is really... artsy. a bit too deep for my smooth brain.
michelle belacic : this is a great game. interesting puzzles and very challenging. the animation style is also hauntingly beautiful.
matt fedorka : wow. tense and calm at the same time. i was able to finish the game without help, although there were times i definitely wanted to check the walkthrough. fantastic!
kg tiger : amazing game! the words in the beggining take on a different meaning at the end. sad that the second chapter has to be purchased, though.
yasmin ragab : first time purchasing a mobile app and i don't regret it at all. this entire series is amazing and no escape room game has drawn me in nor been quite so charming. thank you to the creators for such a wonderful experience!
christian murray : this was pretty fun, the puzzles weren't too terribly difficult, and most had solutions that would make you say "duh!" after you finally figured them out.
laura b. : as the last chapter of cube escape. case 23 is finally closed. or is it? i mean the series is really bizarre but in a really cool way and that's what i absolutely love about rusty lake games. 1487 out of 5!
chetna agrawal : i love the game. the storyline is great. makes the plot... i'd say more interesting to follow. as always, script (programming) is well written and the theme is good.
darrin kippen : best escape room game i've played yet. i'm loving the environment, the mood, the puzzles. the environmental story telling keeps you immersed in the game.
sg pro : escape room puzzle. there's a whole backstory to all of it too which is kind of interesting. multiple games all interconnected. creepy.
molly cotton : really really enjoyable point and click. not overly obvious but also not impossible without a walk through. will definitely be looking into the next series.
tantan 0000 : this was so fun to play. it had me on edge the whole time i played. it was also really long so i could have played for hours. some parts are really hard to figure out but that just adds to the fun. this is my fav rusty lake game by far.
herningtyas caturini : the visuals so creep me out, the story is brilliant. so detail about the roomes of memories arranging, thos hole key... unfrorgetable. brilliant game! done the birthday series too.
n rippz : when really stuck, a hint option would be nice. other than that, great puzzle with good sounds. caution: addictive!
joshua rubin : chapter 1 may have only taken me about an hour or so, but it was captivating. the story itself is enough to keep you interested. it's too late at night for me to start chapter 2, but i'm definitely looking forward to it
bich thuy : it's good. it's a really good horror game, i can play it though i scared of horror movies and objects. it forces me to think a lot and sometimes it is a little bit hard to find a clue. interesting.
cassandra lajeskie : a very fun puzzle story that has an accompanying movie! kept me engaged for a while, inventive, and satisfying to solve.
julie lindstrom : i swear i love everything by rusty lake so freaking much, 100% recommend. no ads, or at least i can't remember any, and it's hard but not impossible. if you download this you will not be disappointed:)
dc diver : great experience, very creepy. some of the puzzles stumped me for some time, but i got through it. can't wait to play chapter 2.
trista mankle : you have to pay for the second chapter which i'm not a big fan of, i wanted to complete the whole game but come to find out, you have to pay. other than that it was a pretty decent game and took me a decent amount of time to finish the first chapter.
nikki berry : i was originally just looking for a game to mindlessly pass the time. instead, i ended up completely engrossed. it's just creepy enough to be intriguing.
outrunning karma : fantastic! i like the art style and the gameplay is quite good, would only add an offline hints mechanism. :)
anton stanley : love the cool puzzles and creative real videos.. automatically had to go look for other games from this developer after i beat it!
cheryl chris : was really enjoying the game until a glitch after i put the second eye in the deer's head. i can move between screens but nothing else works. disappointed
sc : this is a spectacular game. i never write reviews but this was just immaculate. so much effort and details went into this game and its worth playing. however a tinyyy bit sad that you have to pay for chp 2 but anyways thanks for this amazing game!
eric swalla : absolutely phenomenal! great escape room experience... kept my wife and i engaged in the many puzzles for a few hours.
tugui mark : it's amazing i love all the rusty lake and cube escape games since i was 4 i didn't play chapter 2 because i have to pay but when i watched it on youtube it was super and it is very good for kids because they can learn a lot from these games
weece takacs : best effin' murder mystery/puzzle game ever. played non stop for about six hours over two days. well done, and bizzare. i am impressed! don not miss this one...
john gamroth : pretty cool. the puzzles were easy enough to not have to get a bunch of hints but hard enough to make you think!
t pryor : excellent game. (i did have to get a few hints though.) really need think through each puzzle. surprise ending
ash white : awesome story line. easy game play. challenging but not impossible. recommend downloading for the free episode, well worth the space
steven schnarr : such a high quality game experience. if you play all the rusty lake games you start to see the story is connected to way beyond just what you see at first. so amazingly well done.
simon olander sahlen : cute game, a little too hand-holdy for my taste. sometimes i felt like the game gave you the answer before you had time to think for yourself.
zaina moataz : i love these kind of games but one problem is the phone i saw a walkthrough and he made it so easy then i tried doing the same as the video but it didn't work pls try to make easier
jesswin : i recommend this if you like detective games. i have a little hunch that he is the killer but i really enjoyed the game! thank you for making this luv it!
richard majabague : it was a challenging game that i can't even pass the first chapter. if you're like me who's just bored, this is not for you because it's hard af. great game, devs.
aman mirza : man this is gold!!! if i'd say anything it'll spoil it so i'm gonna keep it simple. this game is really really fun, not like the other escape games, it is simply amazing.
andi fels : unnerving. unsettling. i hated it. and yet i loved it at the same time. genius. and the complimentary youtube video that goes with it is the icing on this horrifyingly perfect cake.
kayi wan : love it, as during pandemic, cannot go any real escape room. this is really a good substitute. 1 chapter for around an hour, matches a really escape game too, haha
rodrigo laporte : whoaaaaaa you've really stepped up with this one!!! the graphics the puzzles everything is better and better! and it was already pretty damn good. oh and the movie! wow! can't recommend it enough!
amalka slavikova : amazing... the storyline was breath taking and the puzzles unique... i purchased the second chapter and it was worth it! i just wish we had got an explanation ...
jimmy hernandez : wow. just wow. the puzzles and game play are amazing. this game had me taking notes to try and figure things out. they even have a short film about it. that's some genius promotional work right there. take my money now!
343 chinmay shinde : rusty lake is the best . its games are way unique than any other escape or puzzle game i have played . i have played all of it and now for which i had awaited paradox has arrived. extremely captivative games. keep it up rustly lake keep bringing more and more games .
d a : great great great escape game. clever, with puzzles that make sense and can be resolved without walkthrough (which is cool). i highly recommend all rusty lake games.
lawrence l : love the atmosphere in the game, and the puzzles were varied and interesting. definitely on the tough side, but worth a play through
alexandra fernandez : i'm playing cube escape series from the first episode and i just can't stop. now i finished paradox i even bought the chapter two because of this is the most intense, interesting and original game i ever played. thanks for such a good job.
anthony m : now the games horror is good. and i called the number you guys said 14335 when he said "look through the keyhole" i did and i holded my burning cigar and clicked. the ladys eye had the clock instructions. i did that and now im stuck. nothing else to do. i cant open the door or the lady will catch me. i cant find anymore keys. and that red thing on the door is hard asap. i cant find the correct pattern. you need to add hints like the other games!!! please update the game!
chuy s : it's enough to make me struggle, but i never use hints. i find my way through the puzzles after a while. i love it; i recommend it for my fellow intelligentuals as well.
kea dennen : good game played ch. 1 for free, bought ch. 2. enjoyed both. a little difficult when i got off track and needed a hint, but good puzzles nonetheless. will definitely purchase more.
tanay rishu : wow...this is quality. loved the concept and the puzzles were lovely to solve, the story and the eeriness of it all is even better.
timothy denyer : absolutely incredible!! my favourite puzzle game! a great mix of strategy, ridiculous confusion, and horror, perfectly smashed together for this amazing game! more, please!
shailen sobhee : chapter 1 was fine and i bought chapter 2. however, the puzzles are repetitive and the puzzle with the clock wasn't that great. overall 3 stars.
mohsen bahadori : i played this game months ago and after that i watched the short movie that inspired the game. yet i think about it! i couldn't believe a mobile game can have such deep impact. the atmosphere and puzzles was great. thank u rusty lake
jazzy jchrizzle : different in the best way, very creepy parts, dark, twisted, you can get a bit lost though with where you are up to.
wriggly clown : dude, this is one of the best escape the room type games ive ever played. i do wish some of the puzzle were a bot easier cuz on the map one i had to go to the walk through, oof. def recomind tho
don munro : if you like this kind of thing then this game is an absolute gem. all of the puzzles are fair and if you stick with them, you will be rewarded. i've only done chapter one but how the creators jammed so much into it is beyond me. truly excellent
laxmi vs : i love your games this is actually the third time im playing cube escape : paradox...dont mind me but i rly love it...i actually love all of it. i wanted to buy the chapter 2 but cant :( but its fine...oh btw keep it up with these games if ya make more games i would love to play 'em! :d
rachel wood : i absolutely adore the cube escape series, i happened upon it by accident and fell in love. recommended for fans of the odd and unusual, as the game draws strong inspiration from twin peaks. can't wait til payday so i can buy the paid games from rusty lake
amy percival : on chapter two it seems there is a glitch? as soon as i got the second brain or "present mind" out, the birdman disappeared. now i can't screw the lightbulb into the machine because it disappeared along with him. a bit disappointed that i'll have to reset the whole thing.
chaz beech : good puzzle game. unfortunately, you finish level one, and then have to buy level two. cheap way to hook you in, then get money of you.
kelly cipriani-gray : as always...10 outta 10! sadly, ive finished my playthrough of chapters 1 and 2. everytimr i play one of these games, i never want em to end. and as always it exceeded my expectations. these games have alway been my fave. i really hope yinz continue to make them. as long as you guys do, ill dontinue to throw my money at yinz! thanks again for a phenominal gaming exipirience!
clinton sharp : just a bunch of frustrating nonsense. just a session of watching a video then copying what the hero does. no rhyme or reason whatsoever. just wasted over an hour of my life. there were better games in 1986. i was there.
jay bruno : i like this game ...i greatly appreciate the storyline and den some...for most , i think this would be awesome if it was based on actual events. nicly done...!!!....and don't make it too expensive...and also have other detective stories as well, just like shutter island...
matthew hicks : difficult but worth it. a wonderfully creepy point and click adventure / puzzle. it's like playing a episode of twin peaks.
a google user : extremely well put together game! challenging in a fun way! also very thought provoking and it definitely keeps your interest!! great job rusty lake! also, the movie was incredible! thank you for an amazing and free game!!
kristoffer huupponen : fantastic gameplay, clever and loads of fun for those looking for a game with riddles filled with interesting clues. i would definitely recommend this series of games to anyone 15+. i wish rusty lake would make more games like this in future! =)
cassidy purple : really great game. really makes you think and remember stuff from earlier in the game. i'm glad they provide a walk through for when you get stuck as well. i even enjoyed watching the short film... good job guys!
ryan smith : this game is completely absorbing. it's creepy, and it delivers a mystery with lots of puzzle solving. i can't wait to play chapter 2!
rebecca pechon : aaaahhhhh so freaking good!!! i was waiting for this one to come out and it was so worth the wait! the added audio and videos were so intense and made the game more atmospheric! this is the best by far! the developers really out did themselves this time!
cameron howell : probably the best mobile game i've ever played. it reminds me of classic 2008 addicting games escape style games. then the movie just makes it seem all the more special. amazing job and thank you for making such a great game
em witty : i really loved the whole rusty lake series of games. but i liked them so much i finished all of them in the course of 2 days, other then that i loved the style and creativity in the games. also how they all made a full story. i hope you guys make more games like this!
amy ko : no money to buy the next chapter. :( i hope you have the option to wait for the next chapter or watch ads to gain for next possible challenges. i love the game all from rusty lake,, just only this one is my last. cant have possibility to get next chapter :(
kami bebe : my awesome sister and we played all the cube escape games multiple times. we can never get tired of them they are the best games ever...cube escape paradox is a great and exciting game. the in app purchase is 100% worth it. thank you very much for creating such an awesome escape game
lily r : genious yet scary creepy & brilliant ofc. i had to video cheat most of the time throught. i thought acube unadsumingly easy by the title, etc, but no way.
daniel cook : very fun, did have to cheat a few times, usually just for simple things that seem obvious later. some of the puzzles i would recommend having a notepad for
enjeru hernandez medina : it has been one of the most engaging gaming i've played on my phone, even at times were i didn't knew what to do (i really felt the need to complete it). i'll totally recommend it to anyone who's into mystery & puzzles
stacy edwards : amazing games guys. creepy and easy and hard at same time. i tried not to use hints but a couple of times i had to... looking forward to playing others.
kai : this is an amazing game! i love the creepy aesthetic atmosphere it gives. this is a game worth playing! it gets a little tricky at times but the walk through on youtube helps with that. 10/10 game!
seyfi ozkut : once again a wonderful game from rusty lake. what a story line cube escape series have. both chapters were very well done as usual and a short film as well this time. you are spoiling us :)
maciej marjanski : fun. challenging. frustrating. like a good long puzzle that you can keep coming back to. only tried chapter 1. thanks!
kennesha goode : not impossibly difficult, while also not being too easy. they always make really good content and this was no different. very fun and interesting. i can't wait to play the rest
ian elliot : i love the escape game genre. this is a good game. its a bit surreal which can cloud your logic a bit. however, i am awarding 5 stars for its quality of production and addictiveness.
abc : i had an enjoyable experience and considering it is a free game i would definitely recommend it if you enjoy puzzle/point and click games.
jennifer barton : played every game! great challenges, please keep them coming. not too easy and not too hard, plus well done on the movie! fantastic!
ian s : one of the best free escape games on android. must do the achievements to fully appreciate the depth. totally worth the $2 for second chapter.
brittany barton : fun little escape game. it wasn't too hard that i felt dumb, and wasn't too easy to where it wasn't fun.
abdulelah alkurdi : and yet another wonderful cube escape game. i love everything about this game. the scenario, thrill, depth, art, graphics, elegance, gameplay, intelligent ideas and much more. thank you!
sara wasfinallyhome : forget my other review, even tho the phone part does need more explanation but forget it. it has a lot of bugs and its very laggy. coukd be better.
christopher : your games are beautiful. dark, creepy, engaging, mesmorizing. perfection. and... i think some of your artwork is at 456 bar in brooklyn??? best games ever played on phone.
alexandra taddeo : great game, had me thinking the entire time! i personally had to use the hints at some points but once i watched them it become so obvious i wished i didn't look! going to be playing a few more!
gigi sims : loved it up until the point one of the codes did not work. i checked the walkthrough and everything. i was right, it just didn't do anything. it was the code that you find with the evidence to get harvey's song back.
vyrve 1 : i just gave this series a chance quite recently. i absolutely love every game, but this one is my favorite. the movie and the game together are brilliant. i don't know if the developers will see this, but i thank them for their amazing storytelling. i highly recommend the entire series.
bittercoffees : really amazing game. the details and storyline were so good and kept me focused on the game. it was so good that i finished it the day i got it lmao
iris hua : scary, mysterious. good puzzles. some things were too hard to figure out, but they have an official guide to help with those parts
lanya cai : just finished the 1st round. multiple endings?? wow ok i'll try harder the 2nd round. i always love their puzzles, even though some took me days to figure out. i'm very satisfied. i'm glad i participated in the movie sponsorship. love it so much.
izeadot orizeaspeck : well done creatively and functionally. everything about it just works. nice storyline and the puzzles are relevantly challenging to that storyline.
guy osher-lahav : perfect escape room. the design is captive and creates great atmosphere. the story line is great and each task is well woven into the plot. perfect.
jon guell : great puzzle game! hard enough that you feel like you are accomplishing something but not so impossible that you have to cheat and look up solutions.
jacqueline cobel : its good just like all the other games but ads keep pooping up even when the ap isnt runing if you are going to make us pay for chapter 2 cool it on the adware it caused an alarm not to go off good thing the baby woke me pleas fix the adware issue
travis illig : chapter one is really fun but also pretty hard. i had to get a few hints - there were definitely some puzzles i'd never have gotten. i still had a good time with it and i'm glad i played.
maranda sharp : pretty great game, is pleasingly difficult. story is hard to follow. but very interesting and semi creepy. i like it. about to start chapter 2!
shamalama moomoo : you do get a few jump scares but over all it is a puzzle game, great to do with friends and family and amazing
francesesco1710 : i've paid for part 2 and it doesn't work properly. non of the tv clues with the magnifying glass come up so i'm having to go onto help sites to get anywhere. not impressed.
the untouchable : it was a good game until i have to arrange the person memory, it wouldn't let me raise the hatchet for the water to go through so i couldnt move on with anything
nat grafton : for some reason the section with the rotary phone just doesn't work at all, trying to do it over my phone and it just won't work. pretty frustrating.
supershasha : gah, i love these games. i played the first nine on kongregate and didn't know this one existed until a week ago. i'm really excited to be playing these games once again and finding this hidden gem. thank you for the memories and amazing gameplay :)
nitzan gabai : fascinating story, gripping atmosphere, and clever puzzles that'll give you the feeling of an escape room. it's truly a blessing to have free games like this. please support rusty lake and buy their add on content! it's worth it.
mark saga-ad : i loved it. it worked well, smooth game play, no bugs. i'm an avid fan and paradox is an awesome addition into the rusty lake universe. keep up the good work!
ash : its a beautiful challenging game there are a lot of hard work and effort spent on this game and its very great and mysterious . and i liked that you put kenneth ( cinnamon toast ken ) in your game he's one of my fav youtube's . too bad i can't buy chapter 2 because my country is banned and i can't purchase anything online its really a shame but its what it is i enjoyed chapter 1 nonetheless .
dee dersar : amazing!!! 5 for sure. officially now my favorite game. excellent game creators. def a challenging one for me and there's no hints. which honestly made the game even more amazing. can't wait for chapter 2
kyle christanne labrador : honestly didn't know what kind of game this was. i don't usually play puzzle games like this but this really got my attention. i got chills while playing this game, the horror side of it made my heart beat fast. love the idea. great game. would recommend.
aaron biblow : where do i even start. actually i'll start here: play chapter 1, watch the short film, then play chapter 2. but before any of that, go play all the other games first. top notch series and my favourite games in the app store, hands down.
sagar shah : yet again rusty lakes have proved why they deserve so much praises and appreciation....you guys are genius such a gripping game..i have not seen in play store....your creation is simply outstanding...every game of your is so intriguing...every step is so connected ...thank u so much for one more addition to your jewel!!! thanks so much on e again...and yes i am buying your game....i don't buy any game on play store generally but u deserve this and looking forward for next version..
michael odea : the game is great, only i am stuck at the part where you need to use the pencil to outline and fill the first man figure on the paper next to the typewriter. i fill it in and nothing happens.
tyman baker : ok this is by far the most unusual game i have ever played and i loved absolutely everything about it. it gave me pure chills and made me think hard and now it's time for chapter 2
ania ski : this game is excellent. strange and interesting and very well done. i played both chapters on a weekend and loved it.
lisandro pastinante : very fun. finished it in around 2hs. compelling story. medium difficulty puzzle game.
aravind g : i was enjoying and solving the puzzles without hint until the memory arrange puzzle.i seem to be facing a bug where in the guy climbed the elevator and ran past a wall.now i can't get back. please resolve this guys.i will lose all my progress if i reset it
antoinette m : what an experience. totally amazing. get lost in it. watched the short film too. will be downloading everything
dean ogilvie : beutifully composed psychological story telling intertwined with unique problem solving that rewards you for paying attention. which is easy with such a captivating mobile gaming experience. well done guys.
gianne marie : great puzzle game. this one of the few horror games i played, and all of them were accidental. but i kept going because i was invested in the mystery
desiree janis : beautiful game... i play hundreds of them. it's just too difficult to enjoy, for me. could be worth a download for you
dragic : i spent about 2 hours solving this and it was worth it, it is really challenging and im damn proud of myself for solvi g it without walktroughs, hopefully ill get my hands on second chapter aswell. keep up the good work!
molly uphoff : the rusty lake games are truly one of a kind, i've played them all and the way they build a story is incredible!
vance angel : fantastic escape room! i love the complexity even in such a simple cubical! love what you've done here. 5 stars from me!!
james frith : it was great there were a few parts i didn't understand but didn't ruin anything. just used a bit of the walk through.
f.z ._. : it's a very good game i enjoy it very much i don't see any problem in this game thank you very much rusty lake for your good games and one more thing pls make more games for android
elena guguila : emerging and creative, so much attention to detail and the movie was nice as well! great job!
paul o'donovan : simply stunning, an absolute credit to all involved. these wonderous rustic lake series of games are a joy. paradox, the best yet. loved every bit of it.
pat bell : amazing! finally a challenging game with new fresh ideas! not just a mind numbing "tap the screen then watch an ad" type game! loved it!
lincoln missing : i really enjoyed this game, it was a very meaningful and jaw dropping experience. i will definitely play it again and again. i love it.
tf phill : repetitive and puzzles are one-sided (only one answer to solve problems/tasks ) make it so you have a few endings? would feel more emersive...
sunnlime : i'm a highly educated person with a high iq and have been clicking around for hours with no progress. there are not enough clues or something, or it is made for people in the top .05% of intelligence.
om prakash mishra : very much interesting... more confused than ever after completing chapter 2... the whole concept has been tattered after realising who the dark soul is.... but a fantastic game no doubt
alexander lowe : excellent escape room puzzle. only a couple moon-logic portions and there is some depth as far as endings go. will buy further chapters.
rickie caudill : best escape game on the android market! can't get enough of these! paradox was challenging and the accompanying video was a nice touch! keep it up guys!
demian wilshire : a great experience. it takes games and problem solving to another level
elizabeth eden : it took me a minute to realize this wasn't your standard escape game, however the whole play only the first level for free thing is lame. they should either charge upfront or mske it free to play.
wilburd : super awesome story, graphics and puzzle. loved it! minus one star because i am unable or restricted from watching the film.
jim mcdaniel : i found the puzzles very interesting and a fun diversion. the game content reminds me of twin peaks a little bit and was well done.
hrvoje merdzo : best game ever. alternative endings, smart puzzles, great art work and music. a great mind and soul experience.
paul : awesome game, keeps you fully engaged at all times. puzzles are med-hard but with little thinking and common sense you can solve them. great game! awesome work!
igor almeida : gameplay is amazing. very engaging story, it keeps the tense and mysterious atmosphere all the way to the end.
ekaterina yarzutkina : fairpy easy point and click quest game. loved the puzzles and the atmosphere. no ads!! amazing for a free game.
liza ong ante : great puzzles that got me thinking but not too difficult. movie was amazing cinematography. i do not pay for apps but this may be a first.
elsabelle11 : love these rusty lake games. very clever puzzles. creepy and atmospheric with excellent music. after one puzzle the story's hero says his brain hurt. i could relate.
thomas limberger : played the first chapter and the puzzles were quite creative and not monotonous in the least. however, they are also very challenging
raye bradford : was a little jump scary. most things were able to figure out on own. link to a clear walkthrough was very useful!
satyam singh : the is very perfect as i wanted, just it do not gives any sort of hints, so, took me 5-6 hours to complete chapter 1 only. and i'm going to play whole series after my exams.
juha u : another wonderful puzzle adventure from rusty lake. unique atmosphere, intuitive gameplay and intelligent puzzles. chapter 2 is well worth the buy.
laura mcnally : thoroughly enjoyed chapter 1, will be purchasing chapter 2. easy enough that i figured most of it out, hard enough that i felt really proud of myself. i don't think i can sleep with the light off now though.
you know more than me, but, : it's okay. i finished it in under an hour. if you like a heavily diluted, mobile version of a point and click adventure and don't care about the unimaginative story, go ahead and grab it, it might entertain you for an hour.
bryana mahoney : it's fantastic but i really wish you didnt have to pay to play chapter 2. kinda makes this a one trick pony app that only takes an hour or so to solve.
tony ibrahim : a great game, simple but well made. you'll with through it with momentum, though there's a few head scratchers. esp in the optional chapter 2
nicole roos-bolton : this game is amazing! awesome graphics and sound and well done on the short film, very impressed! yet again super excited to see what game you will make next! keep up the amazing work! :)
anastacia thompson : absolutely amazing game, highly recommend you check the rest of their stuff out too. i adore puzzle games and surreal horror, so this was right up my alley. great game!
dora morolli : fantastic as always. the movie is also really well done. i still have some nightmares about it :) looking forward to the next project! totally worth the money.
jeffrey eyerly : really great puzzle game and fantastically creepy! but in a good way. i started with this one and will now play the rest of the available games by rusty lake. great job everyone!
simlover00 : this was an extremely interesting game. even though i had to use walkthroughs to help me from time to time when i got stuck, it still didn't reduce the amount of fun in had
cameron decoster : a fantastic addition to the cube escape series with call backs to the previous games. fun puzzles and a great tie in to the short film.
reland boyle : i'm enjoying the game, but i can't pick up the globe key. i can see it, but i can't get it. same with another key in cave. really frustrating, guys.
teresa rincon : i really enjoyed how challenging this game was. i loved the overall experience especially the puzzles & the music.
aulia putri : i've been a fan of cube escape series since the lake and i always waiting for the new cube escape series and i love it. i enjoyed the game and the movie in cube escape: paradox was brilliant. thank you rusty lake for the games. i'll be waiting for whatever you have in the future.
andrew dale : rusty lake series forces you to really think. love the story line. but guys, i paid for this app, i get halfway through it and i'm slapped with another $3. fee to play chapter 2? nah man, i don't accept that. charge me that at the beginning. once. don't drop in chapter prices. getting greedy doesn't look good
anna o'shea : game play and controls got a dislike but only for the reason that they glitched out. it wouldn't let me pull the lever to let the water through to the gears. really frustrating
amy-claire oates : simply brilliant! spent a full day playing this game from start to finish and was very excited to see just how many rusty lake games there are! fantastic work.
alissa purplebunnies : wow, chapter 1 was amazing! so much fun, very clever, beautiful and smooth movements. it was kinda freaking terrifying though. almost peed a couple of times lol
melanie m. : incredible!! very eerie, some mild jump scares, great audio, fantastic also on mute (has subtitles) - gives a good 2 hours of gameplay.
dink : another awesome game in the series, took me a while to get some of the bits of this one, but not bad for no hints. the movie helps more than you think. looking forward to the next one!
gabby kennedy : i love all rusty lake games, but this one is by far one of the best. the storyline and plot is spot on and i absolutely love the darker elements and the massive plot twist! #rustylakeaforever
rebecca howes : very erie with a beautiful story sort if gruesome so i don't recfonend for kids but definately worth it. it's kind of confusing in some parts but if you like puzzles. this one is for you
roshan shetty : awesome. simply superb with good decent art graphics and puzzles are also too good,not too easy. mind blowing puzzles.
alison marvin : uninstalled. cute movie (click on tv to go to 18 min ad movie). couldn't figure out chapter 1. if they had spent more time trying to make a playable game, rather than the movie, it would have been better!
aiden bassette : great game, great horror aspect, great puzzles, but i am upset that you must buy cheaper two. otherwise, great game, planning to play others too.
cindi coan : these games are excellent puzzles for adults only. well done and excellent story line. they are not for kids...dark themes and graphics. i have played 3 now and i can't wait to play them all.
jimijenkins : i am a long time fan of the cube escape games, but holy expletives. this game was by far the best experience rusty lake has ever given me. paradox gets a definite 5 stars. the only thing i didn't like about the hame was that half of it was paywalled.
ilya p : it is quite short but very atmospheric and this video at the end. drawback is that video fragments ignore audio settings
kyan hill-cameron : this game is amzing. i loved chapter 1. it is a great puzzle game i definitely recommend it to any one who like eerie puzzle games with a story behind it.
vaoeshi : i finished the game within 2 hours and damn this is so good! i played a lot of escape room games, but this is one of the best ones. check out the other cube games too! they're the best! i honestly recommend this.
k marsh : such smart and thrilling games! awesome and creative storytelling and great looking gameplay. i can never guess what's to happen next and i love it!
darlenten strife : so it does have that creepy kind of vibe of the game. so they did a good job at that. would be interest to see what it would be like with better graphics. other then that i'd be interest with chapter 2.
a google user : surrealistic amazing. simply genius. just discover their games, and what a surprise! excellent! looking forward for their next release!
jakub novak : top quality as always! complete game with no ads or in-game purchases; optionally you can buy chapter 2 which i also recommend but it's not necessary
averie : very interesting game, a bit tricky on the skull puzzle but otherwise very entertaining, cannot wait to install the other games.
pavni sahu : best game ever!!!! worth the money spent, amazing storyline, secret plots and achievements and secret movie.....the while series is fantastic.... cant wait for more games from rusty lake!!
a google user : i want to give this a good review but my game is 100% stuck on the women's face. tried moving it for ages. even stooped to the walkthrough to see if i was doing it wrong. and she's just saying the other way or you are wrong. help so i can sort the review out. very angry
alerick rogers : i have fallen in love with this series! i have played all of the free games and even bought the 2nd chapter to paradox. i'll probably buy the premium games as well.
gary hughes : really enjoy the rusty lake series but i've run into a problem with this one. i get to the j where he is going thru the "rooms" in his mind, i get to the room where you're supposed to tip the giant glass of water over then pull the lever ti drain the water and i move him to stand by the lever and the white function button pops up but no matter how many times i clicked on it the lever doesn't move so the water won't drain and i can't adavnce after that point. what am i doing wrong?
katherine lucero : this is cool, it's challenging but too short. my only complaint is i wished it was longer but definitely worth downloading. now i'm going to look for the rest of the rusty lake games!
micah chiang : this was the first app i ever played by rusty lake. it essentially got me into the entire series. i've played almost all their games in one sitting. i can't wait to get to this one in the story's timeline so i can play it again!
ariana hammer : great game! my only issue is that it does not allow me to buy chapter 2 when i click on "purchase." instead, it just exits out of the purchase menu.
anshu rajendra parmar : best mind twisting games. i have completed most of your games and the horrror and mystery remains fascinating every single time. i just loved it!!!
raymond morris : the walkthrough isnt working. when i color the door in with the pencil, nothing happens. i uninstalled, and reinstalled, and still got the same result
sandra shears : such a wonderful game. i was never into this type of game until i played this game so far i've played all of your free ones so addicting i had to keep playing to find out what happens.to anyone who is reading my review this is a must play every one of them there are 3 of them that cost but we'll worth it.
david pinto : great experience, spooky, and good puzzles, though some are rather cryptic, rather nice variety of animated puzzles throughout.
midoriya my boy : so challenging! i admit i had to use the walkthrough a few times but it was so fun and fulfilling when i finally figured it out. i definitely would say to play this game.
sana majidnia : i think this one is the most confusing one. especially the safety box codes. this one is the last game in rusty lake games i played but it's really confusing even for me that i was familiar with games.
crashjr86 : fantastic puzzles and creepy atmosphere. have played hotel, paradise, and roots. decided to try the cave and this one. don't regret it. will be getting the rest.
detective noir : this game is a true brain teaser. it makes you think outside the box and forces you to use both your imagination and intellect. i love it. the story is thoroughly intriguing as well. well done!
ishanee joshi : insane. i downloaded all the cube escape games and the devnagri references made me a little proud. also the lore behind it is trippy, amazing, and sorta scary. i love it. i bought hotel as well. addicted.
peter veltman : just wow.....! love it! exclusive artwork wrapped in a game. the puzzles are solvable which gives a fantastic sense of i did it....
mariam khachaturyan : i really like your game series! the universe and the graphics is simple yet attractive, you really feel like falling into rusty lake))) thank you so much, keep doing!
athanasia karatzia : my favourite mobile game of all time!!!! the cube escape series is amazing, i have even purchased the games you need to pay for, and have never been let down. this is one of their best games so far!!!
mohammad yousefian : the most special and one of the best games that i have experienced. please don't look at it's simple graphic and appearance. it has a fascinating and exciting story.
louisa wang : a psychological thriller! like every game in the series, this is an amazing addition! loved the mind palace puzzle.
steph r : ive played every single rusty lakes game and love them. definitely some of my favorite games. props to the game makers for always bringing in new and fun twists! highly recommended!! and anxiously waiting for the next one to come out!
bon john : this game is amazing! it has the perfect amount of difficulty and scare. the movie was also amazing and deserves more views.
sewer dweller : this game is awesome. it's the best escape the room game i've ever played. the puzzles are intricate and the art style is so spooky. i was so sad that i have to pay for chapter two, because it is such a good game
gregg chianese : could be amazing if they'd fix the black background issues. i'd buy all of these, but i will not until the issue is fixed.
eleanor kendrick : thanks for acknowledging my review. the games were great and i was sorry when i realized that i'd completed them all. i don't like to use hints but instead prefer to figure things out. that's why i'd be irritated when i had to resort to the videos. but we do what we have to.
sristi ghosh : i've to admit i didn't expected this game to be this fantastic !! from the story plot to the game management and graphics everything is just perfect . those who loves to play mystery games like me i'll suggest you to download this game .
kirsten williams : one of the better puzzle games available. bonus that it is free, beware the second half of the game is pay-to-play, but worth it.
kuqui p : wow this is so cool, i'm someone who gets scared easily, but the story is so fascinating that i couldn't stop. the movie is so cool!!!! i have play two games of rusty lake and they are really entertaining i definitely will continue enjoying their games ('')
e t : was so happy to see that a new one had come out. i discovered rusty lake games recently and played them all and was waiting for the next one. didn't have to wait long and it was just as good, if not better! going to get chapter 2 now. thanks for the great games.
general phantom : i was captivated by the simplicity of this, i think it was good not just because of the puzzles but also because of how it throws bits and pieces of information your way to tell a story.
karla zarco : omg! i'm a huge fan of all the rusty lake series and finally see a connection between all the games before its just amazing! i still wanna keep playing, and a lot is still a mystery! i need to know the whole truth rusty lake is always a good idea
sebastien le callonnec : would love to give a better rating, but the app is buggy and prevents me from getting further by not allowing me to pick up the globe key.
chelsea fulton : the game itself is challenging but after playing it for almost an hour and a half i went to bed just to find out that nothing i did saved and i have to start all over.
hafez mousavi : this game is awesome! i can't believe it. this is not a game. its a masterpiece of art. i mean, how many times you see a well prepared thriller mystery game, which has a supplementary movie with it!!!!!
kimberly d : it is a good puzzle but only the first puzzle is free and then they want you to pay for the 2nd puzzle, which is the same storyline, so to me it isn't worth the money
michaela trykarova : absolutely loved it. its hard to find a complex game like this these days. makes your brain be engaged the whole time and it's a great exercise
keira painter : gorgeous so far, really interesting mystery and complex but fun puzzles. it also has a great walkthrough for if you get stuck!
a google user : this is by far the best rusty lake cube. more puzzles than previous cubes although not as jumpy or 'horrific' as others. it's nice that you see more of laura. and i really like that you see dale and laura 'in real life'. nice touch.
vicky denaxa : just as expected, an amazing game. sometimes frustrating, but that's the point to keep you on your toes! now to find out how to get achievements...
tom collett : slightest inconvenience that you have to pay for chapter 2.. but i certainly will! once again another engaging brain twisting escape game from rusty lakes. out camping, got the mrs two littler sisters on it too. we all love it. keep on going!
caroline gibbs : gave it a 3 stars as i read the reviews. i was unable to play as a security warning. i did not continue maybe my security is good or android doesn't accept the game. shame as i was looking forward to playing it. identity of company was not known.
abhishek sah : paradox was one of the first game i played in the series and it was fascinating to find a game of such great storyline, puzzles and ingenuity in it.
keith dadson : enjoyable with some interesting puzzle work. variation in the puzzles was adequate with only one or two really challenging me. kudos to rhe developer
familyman530 : if you like puzzles and thinking then you will like this game. a lot of the puzzles remind me of old resident evil games where it makes you think a lot
stephaney smith-cameron : really good and interactive. not just clicking blank space over and over. actual thought put into puzzles. well done.
libby shell : great gameplay, most puzzles have you think a bit, but not too hard, so you get stuck and frustrated.
angel tears : rusty lake! it's amazing, mestirious, funny, horrifying, all the details are well merged, the story, the graphics, the every thing! like, i will never spend five days in row addicted to the same game, i just finished the cube escape series, and voila, iam verrrry addicted, best wishes
jurruping lee : i am fan of the escape cube series, been waiting for the newest one to come out, but i'm having a hard time starting chapter 1 it keeps crashing on me several times. i really need some help, please
anita jacobs : loved it! fresh ideas for the puzzles. needed help with the clues for the clock. knew what they were, just couldn't understand them.
daniel ostrander : super cool and atmospheric. interesting art style. actually spooked me a few times, watch for jump scares. loved how it kept gameplay fresh.
barbara k. : if you have played other rusty lake games, you will just go ahead and buy chapter 2 to get your fix, no need for my comments. but if you've never played rusty lake before, don't do it! run while you can or you shall be doomed to eternal disappointment with any other game. there's no going back. you've been warned!
yash mendiratta : amazing experience and the graphics are brilliant! it will be better if they introduced hints instead of discord app or watching the whole walk through video
laura wesely : amazing game. addictive, well designed, just tricky enough to not be boring but not too hard to be frustrating. couldn't put it down
pau luarca : the story telling is 5stars. the idea in tv, projector, tape recording and the best the mind/head puzzle. i wish it worth to buy the chapter 2 of this game.
jorge korgut junior : although the simplicity of the history, this game impressed me with its magnifics puzzles and keeped me playing until the end. a really good puzzle game.
nojam v : i love these games but in the mind rearranging part there seems to be a lag for me and i cant open the water tap and i get stuck in that part. ive replayed the game many time but i keep getting stuck there
craobh chaorainn : absolutely brilliant - i loved the atmosphere, the puzzles make sense and they've provided an easily accessible walkthrough if you get stuck
daniella santos : rusty lake makes the best escape games ever. the movie is also very true to the game experience, and a great addition. i loved it.
aleksandra ouwerkerk : very ominous, a bit unsettling story wise. quite creepy too. but the puzzles very nicely done. loved the one with head:)
frank della ventura : more from the premier game developers. if you like weird, challenging puzzle's the whole series are a must.
mollie smith : i really enjoyed this!! it had some parts where i got stuck but also had really simple parts. i was well thought out and i liked the challenge.
ratna xiu : this is the best escape game this far, i don't into horror or eerie kinda thing but mystery is always my thing !! and rusty lake definitely catch my heart looking for new installment, never write review but this one i think i need too !! (already purchased the premium game too)
altaf hossain : awesome story,and...the name is related.i was ...it was a beauty. the only upgrade that i hope is to play chapter 2 ,for free. thank you again for this amusing concept.
rebeca cosi : it's is really a great game!! the fact that you made a short movie about it makes it even greater! it's really unfortunate that we have to pay for chapter 2, i really wanted to play it. congratulations!!
stevie : i love this game!! i have played every rusty lake game and this series is really close to my heart! it truly did not disappoint! i also loved the live action in it too! it was a really awesome experience!
shaila sharmin : great game! it is just the right level of difficult. my only gripe is that there should have been some sort of a hint system. but i really enjoyed the game, and also the accompanying film!
snow storm : is there a bug in chapter 1 memory box? i can't open the tap with the puller and the image on my screen is different from that of the walkthrough video too......now i'm stuck
ben robinson : great story, great puzzles, great game. purchased the second chapter and enjoyed that as well. quality content from a quality developer.
amy purt : great game, difficult enough to keep me entertained but not so difficult that i give up. good storyline and graphics. really liked the movie as well.
cassandra ward : short playthrough, but brilliant idea and story. very intriguing and takes a lot of thought. i very much enjoyed it.
ghost li : i can't speak highly enough about this series. i love horror, i love point and click games, i love the puzzles, and i love the story. genius, genius, genius. thank you, rusty lake team
abhilashi mattoo : such an amazing game with good graphics! has the suspense the mystery and a complete detective feels! a must in everyone's storage ...i highly recommend.
lil' potato : i l o v e this!! everything us perfect gameplay graphics, plus has good story line! it even has cool mysteries pizzles codes and more! should install im proud i found this ( but really install it-)
hani musa : so frustating that it keeps on freezing when i'm trying to check the tv. i had to reset it 3 times but it keeps freezing.
adrian rizzo : intuitive puzzles, challenging but always solvable. not overly long in duration but very high quality.
this is not the time or place howard! : best escape game. its difficult. the people rating ones complaining about the difficulty are right, it is difficult, so if you like that sort of thing, this game is for you!
kristina : rusty lake games are legit my favourite. such an amazing, surrealistic vibe and great graphics. i've played all of them at least twice and really can't wait for more!!
a google user : very uncomfortably creepy i'm not sure i liked it but i loved it. i liked that the free version plays as a complete game, although if you get intrigued your kinda hooked into buying the second chapter
mae trini : i dont usually write reviews but this game is 100% worth it. the puzzles are simple but still challenging to make it fun. i enjoyed the story and the style.
alanna crump : five stars hands down! not only did it give mystery, it was spooky and suspenseful at the same time. i liked how there was no big hints given; it required you to think. loved it!
nikhil kumar : the worst part pf this superb game that we have to pay for second chapter. but but the game is superb . the levels created are awesome . thanks for this game.
tim knight : brilliant but sadly over too quickly... this is the best of the escape room genre i've played, and one of the best free games on android (the 2 is worth paying for chapter 2). please make more.
lorraine lim : the best and most ambitious yet. found a game-breaking bug tho. spoiler alert: if you order johnsson bird food before getting all the statues/chess pieces, harvey will not show up at the window no matter which brain you have on.
amy jane joy : this game is incredible! i loved chapter 1 and i look forward to buying chapter 2. i have never paid for a game for myself (only for kiddo) this game is so well done that a cheapskate like me is pleased to pay for the full version!
brian christensen : very addictive. i love there is a story with the escape room. the story is integral to the situation, not simply puzzles.
a google user : brilliant game, and we loved the movie - great production value, well shot. if the next kickstarter could include a real escape room that would be fantastic (minus the risks, obviously)
jolene dsouza : a very smart game! keeps you hooked for hours. its also pretty creepy to play late at night. this game was brilliant and a lot of fun. one of a kind for sure.
joelyn rae hufnagel : one of the best cube escape games to date! the movie was a genius touch. what a blast to play. if you haven't tried the cube escape games yet, you are truly missing out. can't wait for the next one!
sarah byham : simply amazing. completed chapter 1 and had to play chapter 2. i cant get enough. i hope you make chapter 2 into a short film as well, that would be very interesting.
ronald vlijm : amazing game, as are all from this series. rusty lake team: note that the purchase button for chapter 2 does not work for me, you may to ensure it works as intended. thanks and will try to buy at some other time.
matteo pellegrini : digital escape game, very enjoyable. definitely into the "fantastic" vibe!! presented like a surreal thriller.
lazarwolf winkelmann : nice visuals. challenging enough. nice mystery theme/ back story. unexpected & entertaining results from the puzzles.
nihal nawab : the hardest ever. great job maker,very challenging and most of all it makes me feel real coz contains everything every move logical. great experience.
radhakrishna kamath : amazing game. wonderful puzzles. very innovative. i just loved the game. great theme and great story line.
chlpaty sirak : i really liked the game, no bugs, interesting story, smart puzzles. overall nothing to dislike, this is a good game.
asl 4 life : you have to pay to beat the game??? it is definitely interesting, but yo ho to chapter 2, it's 1.99!! seriously?? no replay value. uninstalling!
kristin underwood : nice game. got a little painful with some of the puzzles and needed walkthrough at some point. but love the movie clips. great work with that !!
chris sonjeow : unsettling style, engaging, cryptic...basically all around an amazing experience. the voice acting will haunt you.
goat and mothar : now this game was certainly something special. while it short, it seems to have a very interesting story and tons of hidden lore that just gets my theorist brain running. definitely one of my favorites.
ashley wilson : super eerie and terrifying yet amazing all at the same time played both chapters and literally couldn't put it down now i am going to have to go find more of their games!!
iman ghorani : i think this was the best episode of cube escape. and chapter 2 was totally worth it, except the riddle of the clock was a little bit out there and unreasonable.
mohammed el alami : amazing game! geart storyline, some puzzles are a bit tricky ( had to check the walktrough 3 times). it deserves 5 stars.
linda serck : what a superb game. spectacular production, creatively sinister storyline, and excellent puzzle challenges. highly recommended.
jennifer f : i've just finished chapter 1, this game is amazing. lots of great puzzles, creepy background music and storyline.
ethan mcwilliams : i really enjoyed this game, quite often very challenging and enjoyable, had to use a couple of hints on obscure things and felt very silly after seeing the remedy a++ game.
lincoln : this game is amazing, i downloaded it and just couldn't stop playing. i finished the chapter and was totally awestruck. this game was well developed and thought through. great game 5/5
tayler dust : this game is amazing, so many unique and memorable puzzles! i want an entire game of the globe puzzle, that one was my favorite and i haven't seen anything like it before
collin loyd : all of these games are wonderful. difficult puzzles with a creepy story tying them all together. this one is one of my favorites. well worth playing
tiny williams : the best cube escape so far. with the game mixed with the real pictures. i need to play part 2 and watch the movie, but it's amazing.
erik clemente : very interesting game, it really made me think... i finish chapter 1 in two days ! i got stuck sometimes and left but then i came back with better ideas ! it was great !
sarah coffey : absorbing storyline with challenging puzzles that make sense and are satisfying to solve. really enjoyed it!
d day : 100% brilliant is all i can say. the best puzzle game i have played on android to be fair. well done. was looking forward to chapter 2 but never realised i had to pay for it maybe in the future.
a google user : great escape game with an intriguing plot line. i've already played all the other rusty lake game series and i'm in love with the engaging story line. it's like a whole new cult out there tbh
ratna kumari lkanam : finally a good escape game that is not too difficult or too easy, the whole escape game genre is filled with stupid games that are too easy. rusty lake is gold. please make more games.
megan dowthwaite : amazing story telling and very intriguing, loved every bit of it and served a great challenges. i highly recommend this game and chapter 2 is worth buying to support the awesome creators
aadil alavi : a classic escape room game with amazing puzzles, gripping and with a pinch of horror. also no ads. hats off to the developers.
lea resanovic : rusty lake is the best. i have never played better games. such unique puzzles and plot of the games. really sad that i don't have the money to buy chapter 2, but i'm sure i would loved that too
lukas hlobil : nice adventure puzzle room. reminds me of the room but this seems to be more story oriented. also loved the puzzle variety.
bella a. : love this game. not too easy not too hard, i missed playing the real escape room game but this one kinda compensate it. multiple clues thrown but some are decoys which is good. will play another
ethan leow : amazing game. no idea why this game is even free. the details and drawings are awesome and the puzzles are really logical and cool.
stephanie sojo velazquez : i liked it a lot. it's set up in 2 chapters but that doesn't mean that each chapter is lacking. doable in less than a day. but you dont have to. just pay attention and you'll have all the information you need.
sofia castano : honestly one of the best puzzle games ever. the work and lore behind it are brilliant. well done. also the movie is great you must watch it!
raj kumar : the best tricky game i ever played , hats off to the creator of this game . that first chapter ending was great ( its a loop wright) , this 5 stars are not enough , i would give stars if there an option . i can't express how i feel, through words . i got shocked when i finished this game, so the creator if you a reading this you are the best 100 thank you
a google user : all rusty lake games are amazing. but, 1st chapter is free and 2nd chapter is asking for 2 bucks which is the thing i don't like. either both chapters should be free or both should payable. i reviewed 5 stars just because i love this game and i am a fan of it..
a google user : quietly spectacular! i've loved all the rusty lake games and they just keep getting better and better. such innovative, fun puzzles in this one, wow.
a google user : you have to buy chapter two, but this game is amazing, count me in for buying it! it's so freaking fun! i love it with the puzzles and the weirdness! it's awesome!
kal zei : i love puzzle games just wish they would put some sort of clue system when you spend hours clicking on everything in the game trying to figure out what you missed ir missing gets old fast
cipriano loreto : i really loved it, it has horror game aspects which i enjoyed. good job, hopefully you could release a new chapter.
ebonys r : i love rusty lake i've played it a lot over the years. i appreciate the time they put in to this games concept, and how it tied in each other. it was amazing i can't wait for more!
jordan perry : very buggy. i've had to reset the levels several times, and cannot complete chapter 2 because i cannot get the lightbulb. i would like a refund for chapter 2.
izzy boola : this game was amazing! it was confusing, difficult, and the story is great!! and i did jump a few times :)
steico de bie : good game! dfficult but not too difficult with different puzzle styles? kept me going without losing interest. one of the best escape games i played
liv roncone : such a cool game! not like many of the room escape or puzzle games you see on a daily basis. plus there are no ads for chapter 1 at all.
santiago : great story and lovely art. just the right amount of challenging. educational too, as i now know how to operate a rotary phone lol
dimitris stavropoulos : it's really entertaining as it makes you use your brain and fantasy in order to solve the puzzles and find out what to do next...highly suggest it!
christian fercher : definitely the best of the cube series so far. i'd definitely recommend supporting these guys by playing chapter 2 as well. you won't regret it. thanks rusty lakes for keeping up the good work.
pratima : it was fun playing this game. i loved all the levels in it, sometimes it used to get difficult but still i managed to escape it. you too try it. it is soo super fun you will surely like it. it was realistic to me but i don't know what do think about this game, pls try itit will be fun to play this game. . it is the best escape game. i loved it a lot i will let my friends know about this game they too would love it
jana sophie : the game is absolutely great! at the very beginning, i got a few problems, but i got more sure after time. at the end i could solve the mystery
a google user : wow! very impressed. i have never played a game on my phone that i actually would play off my phone. it's well though out and can be challenging enough. the whole series is great.
jade m : i absolutely love these games. they are so intellectually enticing. someday when i'm not broke i'll definitely buy the second chapter. and i definitely think everyone should check out the previous rusty lake apps.
loren cheng : incredible. not just the puzzles, but the music and immersive experience. another great rusty lake chapter!
nikki r : hands down one of the best app games i've ever played! i ended up playing all of the ones rusty lake has made. the story telling and lore is awesome! i will remain a fan for a long time.
cameron m : the series of rusty lake games are phenomenal! such fantastic story telling alongside puzzles that really test you! best game you can have on your mobile! keep em' coming!!
a google user : simply amazing, this series has never disappointed me, i can't imagine the effort it must take to come up with such interesting puzzles. it's wonderful! for any true detective it's must.
megan miller : this game is deliciously creepy! the puzzles are great and take concentration...setting up the perfect jump scares. highly recommend if you like the macabre
ashley evans : absolutely loved this one! ended up here after finishing samsara room. im obsessed with these now. awesome graphics, eerie music/sounds, really gets you thinking!
eat right at aditi's by aditi khare sahay : everything was fine till i reached the memory lane. the stupid lever to pump the water is not working. damn irritated. it sucks when you've come a long way and because of one stupid lag you can't play. uninstalling.
anonymous manperson : i won't rate it higher. premium halfway through. you can't just ask for money when i get the game? you really have to waste my time just to make your buck? way to lose a fan. i wouldn't have minded paying outright, but this is just a cheap trick to screw people out of cash.. update: "fan" does not indicate one who cannot remove themselves from your website.. i actually have better things to do than wait a year for a game that is over after 30-60 minutes of gameplay.. i definitely appreciate your insinuation that it was my fault for waisting my time with your app, only to find out that i would not be able to finish the free app for a month or so whilst remodeling and weatherizing my home due to lack of funds.. as stated, i would, and have had no problem paying up front for a game like those in this series that are actually enjoyable.. i do have a problem with scam artists and liars..
nabihah fadilah : i hate scary, thriller, jump scare things so i shouldn't have played this but i must say, the development of this game is amazing if i could give it a 10/5 i would have. it's so good. if you don't hate scary stuff go play it asap !!!!
andrea hartman : i really enjoyed this game and i only played the first chapter. i even liked the simple graphics. puzzles are hard but not unsolvable. i recommend this game.
subha shree : this is one of my most favourite game ever. the puzzles make me to think for two days . and move the face puzzle is amazing i could not even guess we have to do it in other way. you guys are really genius and making users to squeeze their brain
taloncrow1 : i love the rusty lake games, this is one of the best. challenging enough to keep your intrest, and at times, obvious enough, to make you feel right the fool for seeing the answer without realizing it. play it.
woop woop : another amazing game from rusty lake who never fails to entertain me. it's not just your everyday escape game, it's an adventure, with rich backstory and well thought out plot lines. thanks for the wonderful game rusty lake! your games are the best ()
sarah elliott : i never review games,but i have been telling everyone about this game. tried a few by the same creator. bit weird and dark, lots of puzzles ,escape room with a twist. really likes it! cant wait to try some more
julia denise amoyen : like this is the best game ever. not just paradox but all their games. i like the storyline. its super thrilling and exciting. i would reccomend this to everyone :))
woyce : very intriguing and always kept me on my toes. salute to devs for making these mind blowing games. i really like it when they also include short film about this game. you really deserve 5 star rating
audrey cramer : so fun! even though it's a cartoon it's still a little spooky haha. didn't want to leave my bed to pee at night...too spooked after playing the game right before bed. well done game though, really nice job. thanks
brianna flores : this was a fun game. it required a lot more thinking and time than the other room escape games out there, but i think that's a good quality to have for a game like this. it makes you want to keep playing because you're almost there yet so far away. good job, developers. thank you for the game.
eve reimer : love the game. has a great story and it's really simple to play. recommended to those who love a challenge with a great plot behind it
damian knight : great game. loved the story the puzzles were challenging but not too hard. on to the next game from rusty lake highly recommend
vincent gadget : the best escape game i played so far. very smart concept and immersive music and graphics! i like it!
doomsday : extremely strange as usual with a deeper psychotic meaning. brilliant thoughts put in a game. keep up the exceptional work rusty lake. a mind boggling point and click adventure experience in your palm. i recommend anyone who's a fan of strange theories and david lynch to play every part of this game series. i have played it all.
satyam dwivedi : i love how people are raving about rusty games during lockdown and isolation. i've been a regular taker for past few years and i am proud that levels have only improved. more power to you!
anna kritikou : exciting and catching! couldn't stop playing. storyline great. music awsome. suspense on! amazing series of puzzles! many thumbs up!
jayfs : awesome game. all cube escape games have been great!! especially with no ads and for free!!! my favourite game series to date. the rusty lake games are also great. played them all! please keep em coming!!
a google user : i hate the game. way way way way too difficult. i mean i can't even get past the telephone and i think it's infuriating. i would give it 0 stars if i could. i literally had to use 10 minutes of the walkthrough. by far on of the most rage-indusing game a challenge is good but this, this is way more than a challenge. also i didn't know you had to pay for the next chapter(i found it in the 1 star review section). so it's a scam as well. i've come back after 3 months and how does it have 4.8 stars.
sivan markowitz : amazing puzzle game that's very unique and engaging! can't get enough of it, and excited for more chapters.
baxter 8axter : a well deserved 5 star! very varied and interesting puzzles, graphics, music. great adventure!
thomas fry : this is simply the best game series on android and paradox is the best of all of them. on top of that it comes with an amazing and production quality movie.....
joanna delarosa : like how the game has you thinking something scary might happen, and has minor jump scares that's aren't too scary. very simple design like your in the past.
akira skolastika : maann it's really cool!!! but it's too much for scardy cat like me but i love the story. the color. the control. the movie. but the sad thing is i must pay for chapter 2 thank you for the game!
get off of my laptop : this series is one of the best. i love how they all correlate with eachother and it's not too easy to figure stuff out. well developed game :) love it a lot.
kushagra agrawal : idk why but the game literally gives goosebumps due to its sound or format whatever it is . and the puzzles are mind blasting as well , i loved the game so much!
kayleigh dutra : an amazing immersive experience of a game. the art is very well done and the story pulled me in through the end.
gacha swift : loved it!! it is just another great escape game, not only this one, all the other series too. edit: i have finished playing allll the series long time ago that are free and we fans are starving for a new one please!!
nina : downloaded it randomly, wasn't expecting much i just enjoy escape games. this is so different than others i've played and i am in awe from the ending.
hayden smith : such a fun little escape room, it entertained me almost all day when i had free time to play it, i even had to look up a walkthrough in a couple parts because they hid the clues so well, very clever game and i recomend it 100%
brendan o'boyle : difficult but fun. you really got to watch some of the walkthrough for some of the puzzles.
ingrid mccready : this is, by far, the best rusty lake game ever! super glad i purchased part 2. couldn't put it down until i completed the mystery. whew! looking forward to the next one...
mohammed nisar : exceptionally well designed. mixture of mystery, emotions, mind and fear. probably the only game which draws me to play and wait for the next.
miguel sanchez leon : what a great game. good story, music and graphics. very simple and intuitive to use. love the dark mood of it.
ekaterina busarova : one of the best cube games. really interesting and not too difficult compare to some previous. and after all these free games.. i think chapter 2 worth this money. thx rusty lake
nir s : a very nice "escape room" game. no adds, no nags. it carries a correct mild feeling of unease, though the graphics are unusual for the genre.
lilli tm : interesting puzzles, a little creepy which makes the game fun and exciting. a cool storyline and meaning behind each action.
mallory : well done! i loved this game. the puzzles felt fresh, the story was engaging. and suspenseful! amazing!
ora sm : i love all the rusty lake games especially this one. it's a challenging but is not impossible to solve. thank you creators!
yvette latina : update 10/6/20: where is chapter 2. loved entire series. very entertaining and challenging. plan to start from the beginning again.
alice lacroix : i can never get enough of rusty lake... i just wish they had a hint system that would give you a written hint without actually having to watch a video for the whole answer... just a little hint!
jay gray : this is the first escape game ive played in years which stumpted me for longer than 5 minutes. yet all i had to do was think logically and the answer was not difficult to find. great job guys
richard charles : illogical challenges are no better than software bugs, especially when there are no hints to get one past the flaw! don't bother with this one, unless you plan to leave it unfinished.
emma esanbock : i love this game and this series, but whenever i try to watch the tv, all i see is a black screen. i looked up the images so i could play through, but i still really want to see and experience them for myself.
michael r. : great game. 1st chapter is free and if you want to play chapter 2 you have to pay. i was hook 5 mins into the game. thinking if i should pay to access chapter 2 and find out more.
chiam yee : very fun and i finish all the series but in here the tv there stucks! when i press in the tv and then black screen, cannot get out even. hope to improve this tq==
the unhearted poet : this was really good. took me about 30 minutes to 1 and a half to complete i think. kinda sad i wasn't able to unlock that drawer under the case file.
mini lamma : this game is beautiful, there are so many unspoken lores in there. it's not to hard or difficult either. i like the spooky factors in this game. but it's nice that there aren't any jump scares
geogy mancawan : its very challenging, its upgraded cause with a movie and for all cubes theater and paradox is the best!!!! ummmm.... can you please make rusty lake hotel for freee!!!! please!!
laura turcu : i am writing this review from the joyless pit that is my life now that i've finished this well crafted game. i want to thank the developers personally for improving and/or ruining my life so well with this incredible experience ,thank you profusely .
lizard spock : this game with the added short film is awesome! i've never written a 'well done' comment before... but... well done to the makers in this one. just finished the first stage door... loved it!
joshua l : brilliant game, simple controls, good puzzles. even their short film was wonderful. awesome set, wonderful filmography, a1.
ben mariner : fun and engaging but they lost me when they tried to get me to buy the second chapter. i'd rather they'd have charged up front for the whole thing then at least i wouldn't have wasted my time.
andrew mcvay : very well made game. not so difficult that to become frustrated with the puzzles. thanks allot for a fun first chapter.
jordan hayes : this is the second game i've downloaded from this developer and i love them! they keep my brain active with super creepy wonderful stories/puzzles. highly highly recommend
lelouch vi britannia : a great game with great puzzles and an creepy atmosphere. it made me shiver, it tested my brain, what else do you want from a escape game.
dark sky : it was good at the start until the phone part when you put in the numbers when i tried to do 14 it didn't work it just kept going to three good quality though.
miss minxtress : excellent macabre, enticing, surreal, dark but beautiful. i keep meaning to play for just 10 mins & then it's 4am! i highly recommend this & all the rusty lake games. have i been here before?
a google user : good! played chapter 1. no real ending in free chapter! chapter 2 is not alternative, as you rusty lake say, it is continue! i do not mind, it is simply disappointing that you do not mention it.
paige hawk : just freaking awesome. no other words. i get lost in these games and i'm able to escape my stressful life for different amounts of time with each game i download from you guys. thank you, from the bottom of my heart.
kevin stickyarse : that was amazing, i had chills the whole time, even though the puzzles were tricky, they were fun and the little scary bits were awsome, 10 out of 10
elizabeth hudson : really good game, loved the puzzles, me and my husband both downloaded on our phones and played together, did the whole thing in about 3 and a half hours. looking forward to doing another one
lunadragon slayer : i love this series and with it's great graphics and difficult puzzles, it's a thrilling experience.
josh clements : beautiful. haunting. mysterious. cerebral. this game coupled with rusty lake's twin peaks-style short film is a mesmerizing lynchian work of art. few games affect me like this. beyond words. play the game. watch the movie. you'll see.
bridgett alden : as usual with rusty lake, i'm awestruck by this game. the additional movie was sensational, as well. it really added to it all. it's all coming together and... wow. this is the kind of game that stays with you for the rest of your life. i just... it's just so... aw, heck -- once again, i'm speechless. superb, absolutely superb.
shelby martin : i couldnt finish it um most of the graphics especially the moving ones didnt show up it got to the part where youre supposed to click the dots around his head but they didnt show up but i love these games i just felt you needed to know about it
mehrshad amigh : this game gives you a great detection experience with a massive story which covers the gameplay and make you feel good at the end as like as you did it for real!!! thank you rusty lake for such a game
jk nerdy : my first rusty lake experience. i enjoyed this game quite a bit, and it creeped me out deeply at some moments. since there are so many rusty lake entries, i'll rate this one 5, compare/ contrast the others, and adjust my reviews. next stop, hotel.
rainbow elle : i really love this game. i also played the other apps and i keep playing it all over again cause it's really entertaining. whenever i'm bored i always play cube escape or on vacant, recess, lunch after class (well i'm always on my phone hehehe).
em bmitchell : that moment when you beat the game and don't know what to do with yourself because there's no more rusty lake games to play because you beat them all. some pretty badass games. lit.
lea rike : i have long been a fan of rusty lake's genius games, but they really outdid themselves with this one. the best escape the room game i've ever seen, hands down. if you're not playing the full game, you're missing out
nelson calado : love this game and series. however i think i've glitched the game, i can see but can't remove the second cassette. i'm stuck, please help!
verina wrinn : this game is amazing! for a horror fan like myself, i am super impressed by the eerie feel that was made without using cheap jump scares! i'm going to download all of the games! i'm hooked!
rudra chakraborty : this game is phenomenal. this game was really nice to play. though it wasn't easy. had to watch the walkthrough at many places. it would be nice if chapter 2 would be free.
a google user : solved. very satisfied. thanks cube team. but there were two puzzles unrevealed to complete the game, the right box of the clock and right locker of the cabinet. anyone can open them? or they should be opened in chapter 2?
srividhya iyer : worked my way through chapter 1 and i am hooked.. great graphics.. i almost thought the protagonist was the ghost who got cursed when he spilled innocent blood.. guess i fantasize too much lol.. great game. can't wait for chapter 2
olivija ivanovic : oh my god! this is the best game i have ever played. ever. i finished chapter 1 with a little youtube help, but it was awesome! i never rate anything, but this ... this deserves 10000000 stars! good job!
bryan spiegel : ...this game is quite the dark ticket - not for everybody ...though i find it somewhat morbid, its not beyond the limitations i allow for myself in the point and click adventure genre ...but it does get close to the edge
adde arifin : good game. cube series become more interesting than before. all story line good and make sense. point plus for combine film and animation
fruitloop mcgee : this was amazing. i would love to see a full length movie or series of shorts turning the story of rusty lake into real life. please, if you get the chance to make something like that, take it.
stephanie williams : my kind of puzzle. very much like the zelda games for solving puzzles and using hidden clues to unfold the story. loved it!
dargonhuman : wow wow wow. chapter 1 was just setting the stage and chapter 2 is well worth buying for where it takes things. no spoilers but it made my jaw drop. love this series! can't wait to see what comes from the next chapter or game!
danielius kudinskas : some puzzles repeat themselves from other rusty lake games. but overall - great stuff. keep up the good work.
jessica beach : i've enjoyed this entire series, and it makes me so happy to how much it's grown!! this game has a really creepy feel to it leaving you wanting to understand and find the clues. this is by far one of my favorite games i've played so far
a google user : over all it was an amazing game everything looked beautiful. the only think i didn't like are the slightly too small arrow keys. other than that i think this game is perfect
yamila lopez : absolutely loved everything very challenging and addicting one of the best games i have played by far and would recommend to anyone who is looking for a good puzzle
jara resurreccion : i'm done playing all of the cube escape room series. very addictive because they're all great! this one is definitely the best. please release more games like this, rusty lake! you now have a new fan. haha hope you'll continue the story or create a new one. :d
elizabeth romsloe : i download every single one of these games as soon as i find them. this is yet another amazing episode and the movie? when is the feature length film hitting theaters? seriously. this story is amazing.
simon turner : found by accident. one of the best games i have come across on my phone. will definitely find their other games and buy chapter 2. this would be the first time i have bought a game so that gives you an idea of how good it is
kyle allemand : absolutely great work-out for your brain! "my head hurts." i'm pretty sure playing again i will stumble on alternate endings...
neill tupman : fantastic experience, the best escape room game i've played. the developers have created a very intense, paranoid and creepy atmosphere - best enjoyed with headphones!
prateek mehta : well i have played all of your games and it never gets boring and everytime your consent is creative and better with each game but really some repetitive puzzles get boring like the one party decorations part it's other wise i love your games
salman razi : fantastic, best puzzle game i've ever played. i would recommend this to people who like simulaton + stratergy keep up the good work
anuradha patil : the best escape room game, gripping story, challenging but satisfying puzzles and amazing game all in all, and no ads which i really appreciate.
tabbitha salisbury : just finished both chapters. although you do have to pay for chapter 2 it is worth it!! if you enjoy these games then just fork over the $1.99 and enjoy the next chapter!!
sanjula kalbande : i had solved the first chapter completely and then i left the game and when i came back to solve chapter 2 it was locked whereas i had unlocked it previously and chp 1 started from the very beginning please do something about it
mr c sweeney : unbelievably amazing. it was as good as a ps4 game and as fun as a real escape room. what a fun and amazing app creation. well done creators. i didn't and couldn't stop playing.
adelina r : i hope someone can help because i bought chapter two of this game, but it's stil locked. i have completed chapter 1 and after i purchased chapter 2, but i can't enter the room.
alice law : well i really hope i didnt have to pay for the second game , cause i have issue in giving my bank information .. so... the short movie was amazing i love it very much petition for rusty lake to make a real movie !!
polly choudhery : makes you think and the walkthroughs are great. the second puzzles games were really affordable and the grandkids get to play when i'm finished.. they're hooked to.
joseph conn : all cube escape games are amazing. this one is nothing different. out of all the cube escape games this one in my opinion is the best and the hardest. absolutely amazing games.
emily likes gorillaz das it : this was a very fun but challenging game. i love the eerieness of all rusty lake games and this one gives a lot of plot to the series.
kanav : waited for a long time, finally! you made my blood pressure high. awesome game of course, your games have something unique in them, i have to say, hats off to the makers of the game. you are the best, i wish you best of luck
arthur hidden : experience is great but can't solve the mind puzzle part. the drainage is blocked for some reason. i even followed the walkthrough, end up with same result
mr. ben : i had a lot of fun playing this. really interesting mechanics and i would buy the 2nd chapter if i could because the story is really mysterious.
whitney shafer : i really was enjoying the game but every single time i got to the tyoe writter to color in the guy it wouldnt do anything and i know its supposed to because u looked it up because i couldnt figure out what i was doing wrong it be awesome if you fixed this issue
zofia matyjaszek : after bugs came out of the skull, everything became unclickable. restarted the game multiple times and it still doesn't work
a google user : the best rusty lake game so far! it's not too easy or too difficult it's just perfect! i purchased chapter 2 as well and i love it. congrats to the developers
alyssa brown : loved this game! the puzzles were a bit hard but that just made it better! it forces you to think. it's definitely one of those games that takes time and patience.
a google user : this is a great escape game and very mind blowing how fun it really is its got beautiful graphics better than any game i've played and has the most terrific storyline i hope you enjoy this game as much as i do!
raihan muhammed : i really like the game its cool and sometimes it fears me yeah you guzz bring it in a story mode that was awesome and some bugs there need to solve those.
ngoc lam : the plot is really interesting. very amazing and impressive for me when myself puzzled those creepy things and thoughts. also i wonder if the golden cube have any mystery inside itself. hope you guys of continuing to update it
suzannah kennedy : i love all the rusty lake games. they are a creepy as they are entertaining. they are the most unique "escape games" ive ever played and will continue to play every one they come out with. highly recommend .
willem van heerden : brilliant (in a disturbingly surreal sort of way) as always. the entire rusty lake series has been amazing and i'm happily paying for the second chapter.
fabienne bluteau : cubes keep getting better each time a new one comes out, and the 1st ones were already amazing... no deception there, will buy chapter 2 soon. thanks for this great game!
sirlady tophat : i love the story and just the game in general the only thing i disliked was running around the woods in chapter 2 it got slightly annoying after a while but i still absolutely love the game
marta makowska : unfortunately i started with this one. unfortunately because i wish i could have played it in the correct order from the beginning. still this is one of the best and the most developed games. i'll surely play it again. maybe the whole series?
mandie adamache : the cube escape series is my favorite game series of all time. and paradox is my favorite of all the cube escapes. perfect amount of creepy tension and difficulty.
brandon weaver : completly ruined the experince 10 minutes in when i had to shade in the figure and it wont detect it watched the walkthrough did exactly as it showed and still didnt do anything
tasia larosa : great experience! i enjoyed all your games before so seeing this new one makes me excited. i have never really cared about the lore behind escape game storyline except from rusty lake. really outdone yourself!
innie bayewumi : i've been playing the whole game series from the start and i must say i am very impressed.. rusty lake as done it again.. i got the game as soon as it got out and couldn't put it down.. 5 stars!!
raleigh reed : i love these games! however, i uninstalled simply because i could not get certain items. i could click on it all day, and nothing would happen...only issue i've had!
luca collier-woods : incredible game. very well thought out and clearly had an interesting storyline behind it. i definitely recommend this to anyone looking for an interesting puzzle game.
sara carlsson : it is a fun game, though at points it can be a bit difficult to understand the contls or what a particular puzzle is about
simran shakeel : i played it on my brother's phone because it wasn't opening in mine. absolutely lovely work. amazing short film. cheers to the entire rustylake team! you made my day!!
christopher ahlgren : brilliant! and creepy. such original and creative puzzles. i don't love the style of the artwork but respect it anyway.
giannhs skokotas : rusty lake. i have to give props for making one of the best mobile games i've ever played. i was never bored and always looking forward for the storyline to continue. amazing game 10/10
bill madsen : a little tricky in spots. i got stuck for a couple of hours which was frustrating. but it's a nice change of pace. would be good on a plane
ojelly army : loved it but theres a glitch in the secind chapter. how do i fix this. the projector thing doesnt work. im stuck with lots of items with no way to use them. i even took my time and called every single number in the phonebook and nada! please fix this. i should get my moneys worth.
ilaria provera : amazing. fantastic. never found so beautiful game! i'm gonna buy the 2nd level for sure and hope they will provide more levels. do not wait, download it!
ana v. : this team made an even better game!! the film-game experience is unique, also the riddles and trama are amazing. just, genius.
kaitlyn stout : it was all around a calm, yet intriguing way to keep me playing! loved every aspect. the fact that you actually have to think to complete this is beautiful!
megan moitoso : quite a variety of challenges and very well done. just finished part 1 and can't wait to continue!
moth man : one of the best parts of cube escape games! so stunning! it's really strange but actually this only added more mysterious atmosphere! i really like it!
danelle pieri : i've waited what seems like a life time for this to finally be released but isn't as intense as the last cube escapes and was pretty short taking only afew hours to complete so a little disappointed in that area but its ok not like the others
paul mckinstry : great and logical puzzle game! another great entry into the rusty lake macabre adventure series. i will probably buy all of this company's puzzle games!
k leib : yet another great cube escape! this is my first time playing one on a tablet (usually pc) and the controls are identical which is ideal. i felt more immersed on the tablet than when using my laptop.
rory williams : this game really makes you think. it's amazing. a little on the dark side but a much welcome change from any other puzzles i've ever played
john morgan : fantastic game as always. the rusty lake series are by far one of the best games i have played on mobile. i have purchased every one so far and recommend to any puzzlers out there.
david kellogg : superb escape game! one of the best i've ever seen and played. challenging, yet not overly difficult and straining. i look forward to more like this one!
angel garcia : the puzzle make sense. it's not like impossible levels of challenging but not to easy either. great game love it, just finished it so i gotta go overanalyze the lore so catch you later byeeeeeeee
stephen robson : trippy game with some great puzzles. addictive too. started playing it when i was bored, next thing i knew, it was two in the morning.
xx_cosmogyral_xx : such a good game, i love the story line and the graphics. although, it's kind of a bummer that you have to pay for chapter 2. other than that it's a beautiful game.
aron siket : my favourite puzzle game, great controls, great puzzles, the story line is great too! keep them coming!
grimez : it was amazing. i thought it was going to be a smiple puzzle game but nope. it was a mind boggling game and it scared me sometimes. in short, i loved this game.
myka mercado : cube escape is the best escape game i've played so far! played all the free games and bought some others and paradox is my fave yet. looking forward to another chapter!
jacopo pasini : another gem from these guys. the free chapter was amazing on its own, like any other cube escape, and i'm thinking about purchasing the second one aswell. thank you rusty lake, keep it going!
bae taemin : i loveeeed this, definitely the best in the series so far! having the real people was amazing and tye puzzles were super fun! i totally recommend (honestly i cant believe this game is free!)
dude perfectz : simply spectacular. very well constructed to the point the game has a short film on youtube. one of my favorites, worth the pay for chapter 2.
a google user : i was just wondering why i can't pay with the credit i have on google play from doing the google surveys? i have more than enough to pay but it's not letting my buy the second chapter with it.
amanda taylor : the best mobile game i've ever played. i am not a gamer by any means but these games have kept me immersed and entertained. edit: bought chapter 2 and it's not working
andres alejandre : this game took it to another level of puzzle, it was pretty hard later on but felt so rewarding, also the movie is a 10/10 after you beat the game if you don't want spoilers
kaso : by far one of my favorite game series. amazing work keep it up guys. was waiting for it's releases and pre-registered it. finally got notification and almost instantly installed it.
hannah : best, most surprising game of the series thus far! so interesting and introduces half a dozen new game mechanics! i adore everything they release and this is no exception.
mehmet demirci : one of the best escape game i have ever played. just bought chapter 2 as well, you need to make some money so we can play more of them. keep this quality ot if it is possible, make it better.
oren noy : rusty lake is the best escape type game series available. this is the first one i've played on a phone and the mechanics are great!
spicy ramen gaming : terrifying fun. this mobile game is very fun with cool art style and great story some of my favorite times in this game is the creepy bits that makes me wonder about the rest of the story in these games
olga aksenova : this is the amazing game like all of your others games. but i have a question. how to buy chapter 2? i click on the door, then i click to "purchase" and nothing happenes. please tell me how to solve this problem?
eko thedunnowhatthing : amazing game! havent seen an escape room game with such great puzzles and features in a while. wish i can forget about the solution so i can play again
moto mee : never seen a game like this. not only game but music is also psychologically composed in a way that it relaxes and empties your mind. in this game, i literally felt that something bad was passed away. i would recommend everyone to play all rusty lake games with earphone or headphones (you can fully enjoy). the game is made after doing very deep study on human psychology. we can't get this from any other devlopers on playstore. rusty lake is giving more than we spent. thank you rusty lake team.
myanna hansen : this game was my first introduction to the rusty lake universe and i'm absolutely hooked! i completed all of the free games and played the 3 paid games with my partner who loves harvey as much as i do so much fun, can't wait for more games!
nikkyra whittaker : this is without a doubt the most beautiful, intriguing, mysterious, and exciting escape games ever! i certainly plan on playing all games in the rusty lake collection
deanna jaramillo : aw man you have to buy chapter two :( ... but chapter one was so fun and challenging! it's a good way to pass time.
sharon collins : i have played all of your games. this one is by far the best! i purchased chapter 2..i rarely pay for games but chapter 1 was so good. i cannot wait for the next one. brilliant, well done
wil cruz : real fun escape room game. not too difficult. i'm definitely going to try the other games by this developer. wanted to add, bought chapter 2. was not disappointed!
ryan fitzgerald : i had fun on the amazing journey to figure out how to escape the room. it has all different kinds of puzzles wrapped up in a wonderful story.
david r : a great free game showcasing what the developer can do and allowing you to see if it's worth buying chapter 2. for me, that's a yes.
lynkevmusic : super game. somehow the developers have managed to fill this small game with atmosphere and intrigue. really fun game as well. recommended.
mirae : very nice game. very tricky. well made. brain twisted puzzles. but why chapter 2 have to buy? this is supposed to be f2p game! you guys gave one chapter free and then desperate people have to buy? this is sad...
crystal : i love all of the rusty lake / cube escape games. i purchased some on my computer and they're just as amazing. i especially love all the puzzles.
stephanie k : some great puzzles, esp the movable squares in the head. just a little scary to play due to theme.
nathan n : a fun puzzle game with an interesting and mysterious story that you play through as a detective looking for a way to escape the room he woke up in while trying to find out who killed some girl.
kyle larson : how dare you charge $1.99 for the second chapter! one ninty nine!?! this is outrageous... the amount of time you put into every aspect of the game and free accompanying movie, you should be charging much more ;)
jonathan lidbeck : creepy, atmospheric escape puzzle game with a twin peaks vibe, but a style all its own. a work of art.
corey hawkins : damn good. it all falls into place if you keep an open mind. pretty cool the way they mixed live actors and matched the room with props. very cool, actually.
kate johnson : great game. i haven't played chpt 2 yet, but chpt 1 included a lot of good content, ad free for free. and is creepy, like everyone else mentioned. fun to play.
adonisvk : i'm stuck on this bit with the telephone, and haven't been able to progress due to the only numbers i can use are 9 and occasionally 8.
steve goscinski : love the game play, graphics are simplistic but it doesn't detract from the game at all, the movie was great. really enjoy the game
m s : i love the game it is so fun but i quit after chapter 1 because because i didn't want to be jumps are any more and moved to harvey's box but it wat to easy if you could make one just like paradox but like more mild like harvey's bow in jumpscares please make more of the cube escape games btw your cube escape games are my personal favorite
sammantha lockyer : interesting story, actual difficult puzzles and an entertaining idea. i suggest watching the movie after the game!
chris jones : clever take on the escape the room genre. beautiful design and music. interesting to have the video to watch too.
gary lee : it's an amazing game tbh this is not too hard that you have to find solution online. you just have to spend a bit more time to solve the problem. loving it
replica gaming : the greatest puzzle game i have played in a long while. sucks you can't finish it without paying for chapter two. would have made it five stars
d. kate carrot : it's a really relaxing game, with not too difficult puzzles, just perfect. it was a pleasure to play with that game.
tom slowcat : best atmosphere ever for a free game, and great puzzles too, neither too simple nor far-fetched and non-logical.
marta mastrobuono : such a great game! the style and the riddles and everything is great! foot hooked up on it and played all the free stories in a couple days :) moving onto the paid ones probably
meg s : fantastic. just tricky enough to be challenging but not frustrating. impossible to put it down!
sarah wilkins : i love every single cube game, love the way each story is based on life, present past and future, could also be a brilliant idea for a book love love love it.
travengamer : this game is a super cool scary puzzle game and i loved it it was very fun solving the puzzle! please make chapter two for free.
dmitry koshelev : nice game with not very hard, but complex puzzles. some parts are a bit creepy.
art m : fantastic mysterious escape maze game. made it through chapter 1. i haven't played anything like this. it's a long multi part production. well done.
andrea : really enjoyed this game. had to go to the walkthrough a couple of times, but it usually worked more as clues to me. thanks for the great play. will play more of your games!
jennifer koga : a great mystery that i wouldn't mind continuing! i also really enjoyed the achievements that mixed the mobile game with the youtube shortfilm.
ghada : wow 1million downloads in no time! congrats ! it definitely deserves the hype and the success it claimed ! i've played all the previous escapes in the series and im quite sure this will be no exception ; genius , catchy and mind-blowing.
fernando duran : marvelous adventure, once you finished you want to play more. some of the greatest experience playing a phone game.
kika's space : it.s awesome. the bottom arrow is just a bit too close to the border of my screen, i need several tries to touch jt.
anna van schaijk : this is a great game. i'm not particularly a fan of horror games, but this was really fun to do! all the puzzles aren't too difficult, but they do require some thinking.
n0talicee : i absolutely love this game so much its become my favourite! so different and unique i wish there was more games just like this! although i really wish chapter 2 was free and everything but ah well. such a good game i was so happy!!!:)))
owen marcovitz : great puzzle game with many eerie parts. 5 stars, and chapter 1 is more than enough to get you hooked enough to purchase chapter 2.
a google user : half a game. far too much jank, obtuseness and controls not working the sixth time you try. they have let success go to their heads and phoned it in massively. also, no one asked for an indie amateurish movie.
daniella : this is an absolutely fantastic puzzle game. the short film is also great, i've never seen such a game like this. i'm looking forward to many other rusty lake games!
dan c : very cool! simple puzzle game, gets more complex, adds some creep to it. worth going through.
leagh w. raven : had an enjoyable experience. just the right amount of challenging. downloading a second episode now.
ryan taylor : absolute gamechanger of an app, couldn't rate it more highly! came for a fun escape room game, left with an upside down mind.
ava w : this is literally the best game i have ever played. the horror and mystery is so well balanced and well performed. download this game if you want a challeng, enjoy mysteries, and puzzles.
reknit velemsh : incredible game! lost of words to describe the gameplay, design and such awesome story! thank you! looking forward to the next masterpiece
alexis thomas : awesome!! i absolutely love these games and the story line that goes with them. i find myself never wanting to stop. thank you to the creators for putting so much effort in to this, really shows.
ethan minero : this game was fun and quick and definitely a trip. i really recommend this game if you have an hour or 2 to solve puzzles.
rylle yu : i don't usually rate apps, but im doing it cuz this app deserves infinite five stars! if you want to know why, try it. also, i'd buy the chapter 2 if i had money, but sadly, i don't :(
sherry bury : this was a great game. i've played a lot of the rusty lake games, and they've all been good. the video was cool too. i like how they had the majority of the details the same in it. i hope they make more videos!
david stiller : great atmosphere and artwork. puzzles are thematic (in their own twisted way!) and very engaging.
kacie cox : challenging game and awesome aesthetic. i'm having trouble trying to purchase the 2nd part, but the free part alone is super dope
quinn b : absolutely amazing i am awestruck by the quality of this game, the puzzles and challenges were cryptic and strange and i loved it!
no one : im so thankful for the ones who put such an effort to release this genius game, im searching for a similar game since ive played all of the parts and i couldn't find such a beautiful and smart work as your's. keep it up, i will be waiting for any updates.
alison de kruiff : i love all of the rusty lake games and this is the best so far! i don't want to give away spoilers, just trust me that this game is really innovative and you have to watch the movie at the end!
oofer mcwilliams : the puzzles were really unique and the story line was really good, and one tip, don't believe everything you see.
jay trujillo : i love this game so much.there are no ads at all, this a fun and challenging game. i've enjoyed so much of rusty lakes games. 10/10 i suggest you download this game if you up for a little challenge
christopher taylor : a wonderful adventure. creepy and disturbed. intriguing and puzzling. a great experience. artful distress.
jaimus bear : i thought they couldn't get better. i love the way this utilises lateral thinking and its quirkiness. great job rusty lakers, and so much content is free. thanks.
midori_daikon 7 : this cube series is amazing, you guys so underrated. i really wish it can be a tv series or sumn. the plot really creepy but so exiting. please create more games, i already played all.
robin bobin : one of rare android games that feels like youre playing a proper computer quest genre game. it is relaxing and also quite intelligent, it makes you think but not over the top!
suz13 : challenging. tried not to use walkthrough but had to at stuck points. very good and different from other escape games.
raj talashilkar : perfectly woven game ...amazing!! i am saying this because it was challenging and i completed it but i would have called it a hard one but ,seriously i totally admire it.
soham sengupta : really, really excellent game. the previous ones were great but this one is exceptional. i wish i was not broke and could buy chapter 2.
curtis blair : great game, though without the walk through videos it would be very difficult as many of the clues are so cryptic that most people will not catch them.
nita : a very nice game! my friend recommended this game and i absolutely love this. i love the puzzle, the art style and the story.
a google user : this is great! it reminds me a lot of the old myst game. it has the right amount of creepiness and puzzle solving. awesome!
saerah joe : this is the best escape game i ever play. the experience of creepy and horror really gives me goosebump while bring us deep into mystery. clever puzzle.
alienz exist : amazingly addictive! i've played just about every cube escape so far. never ceases to send shivers down my spine and keep me clicking. please keep the amazing games like no others coming!!
a google user : good story and graphics. sometimes obscure thinking required but poses a fun challenge. definitely recommend the game to challenge seekers
kunal lal : creepy at times and always engaging. i found the puzzlss in chapter 1 to be perfectly suited for me. not trivial and not frustrating.
richa patranabis : what a beautifully made game! this, paired with the short movie (which by the way is so well made), makes easily one of the best games i've ever played.
defanive wang : loved it! one of the best puzzle game serie on phone, and finally the new chapter is out! with the small movie, perfect!
kristen k : amazing story and mechanics! one of the best "escape the room" games i've ever played.. maybe the best. loved it and can't wait to play more of these :)
sara ferguson : super fun. the best of the cube escape games yet! chapter 2 was definitely more fun and made me have to really think. chapter 1 was classic. loved it.
vicki contreras : top free adventure ? !! no its a demo and all the negative reviews are being deleted?!! i took off stars because of playing half way than game asking to buy 2nd chapter. you have always been upfront about the prices and i recently purchased a game but after this tactic i'm not supporting the games anymore nor buying. you just grouped yourself with the other developers who don't say it's a demo and want you to buy half way through a game. very disappointed in you .
peter doyle : absolutely amazing puzzles. truly have to note down what you do in order to finish but it is an exquisite game:^)
aj thomas : i love the game but i'm at the part where you have to move the face and i can't find anywhere that tells you what direction to move it in and when i try to follow the walk-through it just constantly says wrong way or the other way?
nancy lobo : i like the stories. but can someone please tell me what is the order you should play in to know the full story?? otherwise it's a wonder full game. really unusual. i like it alot.
katie donovan : once again the folks at rusty lake have outdone themselves. this one was definitely challenging! a gorgeous, well thought-out game!
jb : absolutely brilliant; the details are unbelievable and the story line is very engaging. the people who developed these games have some serious skills
hazmin freecs : i love the fact that i can watch the movie and then play the game. the game require a lot of thinking and i love that there is no advertisement at all. all the puzzle can be solve. this game are the best game ever.
fathhana euclidea : one the best escape games you must try if you love escape games. very challenging and made my heart skip a beat.
isabel trinidad echavez : damn, the graphics update on this was wild. so good! most interesting cube game by far, plus the film that went with it was really interesting to watch.
calloks :d : this game is really good. i like puzzle games and their games are so awesome. it's confusing and sometimes i have to use hints.
yvon dufresne : kept me occupied. the clues are not that easy to find and the "mood" of the game is good. no bug. i just installed the other cube games. i liked it very well.
china dolk : i like the puzzles but sometimes hard to see certain things on my phone. cool start of a story.
janethaynes2009 : wow! super disappointed. you play chapter 1 for free and then you have to play chapter 2 the same room but something different. super cheesy. and then we have to watch your ridiculously stupid movie why? this is not true rusty lake this is a joke. i don't know, did you need my $1.99 to say you guys make a really good game or to develop another quality game true to what you are? completely ridiculous
alia : the best cube escape so far. the graphic is damn good and it's scary yet also exciting. i recommend to watch the movie first, not exactly a must, but it's a damn good one.
aaron damico : reminds me of bad dream coma. very unsettling at times (in a good way) and love the live action clips sprinkled in. very much worth it
david g : another magical, creepy, engrossing puzzle by rusty lake games. chapter 1 is free, but i would have paid. bought chapter 2, can't wait to play!
dora murgu : excellent graphics, great story and challenging enough, the video is very useful when you're stuck
animesh sinha : just amazing. have played many escape room games before, but have not seen anything like it before. it gets your attention and there's a story going on. great job developers.
joon's pretty dimples : i found this game yesterday, and im currently in chapt1. the game is fun but i can't use the tv so whenever i need clue from tv i searched them in yt.. but now im stuck because it seems like i need to use the tv first before the shadow shows up behind me. please fix this soon..
a google user : fantastic game just stuck on the glitch on the memory rearrange! just want to be able to finish the chapter!!
penny newell : great game as are the rest of the rusty lake games. not too easy not too hard...however i did need to use the included walk-through a few times. highly recommended
phantom gamer : i like the idea of the escape room games but i didnt enjoy this game as much as other escape room games...at least i like the design of this game. try to improve how u can interact with things
absar syed : creative puzzles and suspenseful atmosphere makes for a lot of fun. i highly recommend playing.
stephanie fontanez : it's honestly one of the best escape game series i've ever played. i never pay for app games, but i just had to play chapter 2. it's very cool; great job!
a google user : amazing game. simple graphics but brilliant gameplay. play with your headphones on, for the best experience ever!!!
aseel biju john : excellent work. thanks to the walkthrough, you can go on even when you are confused. not sure i would be buying the next chapter though.
daniel amanna : one of the best mind twisting and puzzling games ever... i had to use my brain meats for this and finally beat the game (pause) after 2 weeks...! i'm down for more!
sociallyawkwardpenguin : it's so good i can't believe this is free. but maybe the developers should add a hint system bc some of the parts took me a long time to figure out
adreanna : bought the 2nd chapter and finished it. totally worth the $2! now to go back and get the achievements! only got 1 the first play through. pretty sure i'm addicted to your games now lol
allegra smith : great game! thanks for the new game. getting ready to play chapter 2. "update" chapter 2 was very challenging, thanks for the challenge & creativity.
jane doe : extremely vauge, illogical and buggy game. needs a lot of problems ironing out to make it satisfactory. uninstalled after 1 hour of wasted time.
rhayanne costa : looooved it!!! one of the best escape the room games i have ever played. the charades are intelligent, but not crazy impossible what made me play for hours once i have started.
siiri clausnitzer : really enjoyed it. did need a couple of visits to the walkthrough though! very clever, interesting and creepy!
shannon helgers : superb. years between gameplay and i love it still. still difficult puzzles, moved to mobile beautifully!
a google user : absolutely adore this game !! my favourite part is probably the suspense of getting into new rooms at the beginning and seeing whats in store for me , really do love this game, make sure u make many more x
daniel yupanqui : i've played all the games from this amazing cube escape saga and also rusty. just let me tell you that this is the best escape room game of all time. i also saw the short film, i really liked it.
kusuo saiki : its a good game but i am on a phone and when i try to complete the globe level it doesn't let me complete it! i did it all right watched the video and everything!
nao : my favorite game! honestly, rusty lake series never let me down. always so intriguing! the short movie is especially exciting. awesome game, awesome work. thank you, rusty lake!
lauren dearden : these games are great, however i have hit a block if anyone can help!! in chapter 1 to sortbout his memories, the grid wont open to let the water out?????
felicity mcclain : i love rusty lake!!! i've played all the cube escape's and i'm obsessed. i'm about to get into the films on the youtube channel and buy some of the other games... love it.
jason stirrat : super fun little puzzle game! fun enough to cause two of us to lose the whole afternoon working through chapter one.
quinn r : amazing game!! puzzles were challenging and the creepiness factor was perfect. rusty lake has outdone themselves once again!
adriana hollenback : i almost never spring for paid content, but i'm so glad i did for this. the cube series is so much more engaging and melancholic than i would have expected. i hope they keep going.
melissa jones : amazing idea and amazing implementation. i loved every single puzzle and not using the walkthrough is a relief above all.
niall comerford : rusty lake never fails to impress. immediately bought chapter 2 after finishing the first, amazing game as always, solid puzzles that really had me think.
milan vaya : superb game..... worth playing n taking the experience. never ever played such a game. i couldn't resist myself from completing chapter i when ever i was free i kept playing until i came to finish.
edith garcia : after playing cube escape collection, i needed more. i downloaded this and it was just as satisfying as the other one! i absolutely love these games!
derek o'brien : entertaining and intuitive. tricky problems and sometimes obscure connections but altogether quite enjoyable.
matt maxted : the rusty lake series are the best phone games i've played. they are clever, make you think and scary sometimes...in a good way. awesome work!!
michael gomez : great interactiveness and beautiful visuals. love the style of this room style game. some genuinely scary moments.
a google user : really fun and interesting game...it's a shame that the chapter two can only be played if you pay. keep making more of these please!!!
j 'arc : there is a bug,in memories arranging, i can't pull the lever when i already pour the water in glass, so now i can't continue the game.. please fix
nika l'tari : fantastic gameplay! challenging and intriguing. creepy but not over the top. question: what is the order of the games supposed to be?
nikki glennon : one of the best escape games i've ever played! i love the vibe, design and ideas i've now played all of the cube variations #addicted
simon : you guys are messed in the head. these games are freaky, but by far the best room escape games available. love them. keep them coming.
james egelhofferman : incredible! diverse puzzles. creepy. engaging. never bogged down by ads! definitely getting chapter 2!
sara biondi : i loved all of the series and now i bought chapter 2!! it's really the best game series ever invented, i'm so happy to have the possibility to play such a entertaining and challenging game~
dj troc-lat : gorgeous gameplay with some really puzzling solutions. very eerie, definitely not for the easily spooked!
laura howard : glitch! can't get past the drawing/colouring parts as it does not recognise when it is done. shame, would be good otherwise.
a google user : i've played many, many puzzle games in my time. but this one is extremely random, most of the time you'll have no idea what you're supposed to do. well, the best part was the mirror, the mirror was fun
a google user : amazing! easy to maneuver, fantastic puzzles, creepy storyline. please, take all my money.
anshul goyal : simply brilliant. amazing thought behind a movie/game crossover. if anyone has not seen the movie yet, it is equally amazing. rusty lake never stops to surprise us.
sneha suresh : this game is too epic! we love the crazy logic and the cool creepiness... it's not for everyone but we have been following all the games, in this series and we absolutely love every single second of this!
 : after one mistake on the hook attached on a string before pouring water in the bottle i had to reset the whole game ... there is no way to roll back one move or undo this action. very disappointed !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
afshin davoudi : absolutely magnificent. perfect. thanks for every second of joy and exitement which i experienced in every chapters of the cube.
just youtube : i really love rusty lake's games. even though the solutions can be obnoxiously hard to spot. their games made me love this kinds of puzzles. 5 stars isn't enough to rate their games.
a google user : fantastic as always. there are two chapters - chapter 1 is free, while chapter 2 is premium. i think this is a good way to do it.
nicole luyten : fantastisch game! very clever, some good real brain teasers!.great animation and storyline. absolutely loved it.
david giovatti : the best mobile game about room escape!every link is connected to each other. my fav part is the mini game like the map. if only the story is complete!
gerardo albay : another great part of the rusty lake adventure, good story and challenging puzzles, id play the second chapter if i wasnt broke as a joke right now, ill never stop playing till the mystery is solved
autumn burrows : great game! difficulty level is challenging but also fun and rewarding. big fan will play the other games!
josh h : i've hit a problem in act 1. rearranging the books in the right order from the case files and even double checked with a guide doesn't open the last book to read. any solution?
marije bleeker : it is a really good game! i loved it, even though it was kinda scary :). and sometimes it was really too hard so o had to go to yt and look at the walk-through. but it was actually pretty good
joshua tenpenny : consistently high quality from rusty lake. jump scares, as usual. puzzles seemed easier than previous games.
elmira moayedi : i love all the rusty lake games but this one is absolutely my favorite. this one has an amazing story, it is surreal but still felt so real. keep up the good work
chris pearce : shame, due to a glitch i was unable to complete it. a switch doesn't work for me. feels like a waste of time to get to that stage and to find this out.
jessica cookson-dodge : love this game! hard but not to the point you want to give up! i've played tons of "escape the room" games but this one is my favorite so far, and totally addicting!!!
kmmeyers : this is a very fun game!! so addictive and suspensful!! however, it seemed to make my phone freeze a couple of times.
anchalee nanakorn : i loved it. i actually challenged myself and wouldn't allow myself to look up hints. so now i'm really proud of myself. it's super friggin creepy!
prakash chandrasekaran : some elements are tricky, and had to use the walk through to get it right. very engaging and fun.
sihle tladinyane : i throughly enjoyed this. it was challenging at times but thats part of the fun. i wish the second part was free, but i understand good game
alejandro gutierrez : very challenging puzzles and simply amazing to be able to continue a strange story.
melika khoshnevis : this is such a wonderful game.beside solving the puzzels it has a strange storyline which attracts you so much.puzzels are neither too hard or too easy.i've play all if the cube escapes atleast 2times each.
dustin somers : awesome! so much better than other escape games. you're trying to escape but also trying to solve a mystery as you go. ending is great.
jeffrey cohan : so far this is absolutely one of the best games i have played. my brain hurts from having to think. the dev did a great job of creating these puzzles. very addictive game. keep it up and thank you.
stephanos charalampous : i've played a lot of escape games, but all of cube escapes are the best! amazing puzzles and i enjoyed all of the free escapes!! keep it up!
francisco morfin : this is an awesome game! kinda twisted and sick with the story but the riddles are amazing. totally recommended. go for both chapters! you won't regret it.
sierra vw : gods, i love all the little details and interactive puzzles! so refreshing and made with such passion and love!! good jumpscares and a great movie to boot!
maria anastasopoulou : very good hidden object game. great storyline. a bit difficult. i really wish there was more than two chapters.
greg ryan : i purchased chapter 2, only to have is fail 2 days later on my chromebook. all the older rusty lake worked fine on r11 chromebook, the more recent ones sink the boat.
craig spreha : i love all of these rusty lakes games, but paradox just rocked my boat. loved it. still a few more to go and one left to buy. these are awesome!!!!
diana chervova : as always it is an awesome game! i've played all cubes and looking forward to play another one. keep making those cube escapes you are really good at this.
b w : challenging but all the clues are there to figure out the puzzles. love the overarching story in all their games.
007 : i love cube's games they are the bests amongst all escape games with its own identity. i have played all the previous games u made. and this one is the second best, cos ur best game is always the upcoming next.
nick myers : really annoying. played up until you unlock the safe with the globe key in, but can't pick it up!
ebru yenal : one of the best games i've ever played. while trying to progress through the game by using clues, there was a moment i even jumped! didn't expect the eye there! :)
keith houser : so awesome couldn't see it down... completely emersive for me.. love the audio and video add in.... too bad you only get the first chapter free..
jacob pultorak : this game is an amazing way to possibly end the series. i love the way that they put so much effort into this that they even made a short film. 10/10 woyld definitely recommend
