Torin Black : Simple. Relaxing. Well designed. I especially love the way the background music syncs to your touch inputs.
NavEd : Its a very satisfying and challenging puzzle type of game, and it also runs very smooth, im hoping for more levels and features in the future :D
Lykha Chynne Tormis : I got stressed out how to complete the puzzle but that's what it got to be more thriller, also I really love the background music, it relaxes my ear.
Jeanna Magary : very cute and fun! some of the puzzles are quite challenging, but they are fun to figure out. I love the cute little robot! I would definitely get more of these types of games.
Thiago Simoes : Challenges short but very well constructed. Graphics simple but captivating. Great game. Second time that I played something from this dev. Will follow his next works.
Jeremy Jones : Fun little game. Smooth gameplay and nice graphics. Ads aren't interruptive. The game is free but you can pay as much as you want.
FrostyLuke91 : This game makes me comfortable... It makes my stress gone and satisfying motions and smoothness... And less mb and no ads supports.. I love it ❤❤ for real.. Even it makes me confuse but still i learned alot of strategies...
KV Rhett Laurea : For less than 5mb you're getting a decent game. puzzles will keep you going and the game loads fast and is very smooth. this was my second time downlpading this because i finished it the first time.
ARNAB GORAI : Good time pass, I still think it needs more improvements, like it takes a lot of time to move, which is a little annoying after sometime.
scarlet kitchen : The artwork is enticing with a chearful aftertaste, and the design layout is creatively alluring. I look forward to playing and am super happy to have discovered this gem. Thank you!
Jisatsu Cruz : I love this game a lot! The robot is so cute to walk around and it makes me went JEEHHDUSISOOAODBXNXMXBBANAJ. The ads not really bother me that much than the other game which is cool. The puzzles are a bit tricky and entertaining, keep it up a good work developers! :D
Pratik Biswakarma : Well playing it is fun and more fun is creating your own level. It would be more fun if that created levels we could share to our firends and challenge them. Also time specific level should also be added Thanks a lot to the developer and team
Mechticulous : Beautiful graphics. Charming little droid. It's a great game to forget about your troubles for a time with a little challenge on the side.
Rym Lemmouchi : This game is so cute and pleasant! And some of the hard levels make your brain work like crazy, and thats what i like in puzzle games. Thank you for making such a nice one 💖💖💖
Gabriel Lion : Really challenging and amaxing way to pass the time but not waste it. Really top notch puzzle game. Thanks for making it.
Venkat Rao : This is the Best Game. It is Challenging and Entertaining at the same time. This game is a full pack with calming music, tough levels & has dunking the ball level too. This is a very Genuine Game I shall recommend it to everyone I know.
Sara Shaw : This is the most beautifully implemented game of its genre that i have seen in many years. Quite delightful to play!
Ashish Pal : Easy gameplay. Cool Graphics. Overall Awesome Puzzle game and the interface is awesome. The best is thing is there is no ads.
Jacques Jansen : Absolutely Brilliant! Not boring. No bothersome ads. Martin you did great! Keep it up. Very entertaining. No puzzle unbeatable, but not easy either
Navin Kumar Yagnamurthy : Gameplay is simple, but the puzzle solving is satisfying if a tad repetitive. Amazing graphics, simple controls.
Mukesh Yadav : This is just awesome. No ads only fun. Neat and clean. This game is the benchmark where every other game needs to reach. No personal data asked for. No sign in required. Just play. And yes efforts taken should be appreciated.
JEYADEV MEKA : Its a good game for time pass and it increases our memory power to think in different ways to win the game .not only for game it is use full for our lifes too.it helps us to learn how overcome our problems by ourselfs with the help of blocks(friends ) and to finally win the game THANKYOU FOR MAKING THIS GAME MEKORAMA I HEARTFULLY THANK EVERY ONE WHO DID HARD WORK FOR MAKING THIS GAME SUCCESS NOTE:This game is also of only 5MB that's really great THANKYOU .
Elbod Elbod : One of the best relaxing and mind intutive apps I've ever seen ...cool graphics...no frustrating timers...no advertisment...and the best of all the developer lets you to decide how much money you want to pay/donate
Brad S : Very challenging puzzle levels. Even more challenging 3D puzzle builder mode. AND sharing created levels with other users! Well done.
Diana Portalsks : Amazing,! The game is so fun to play, it is challenging and at the same time not frustrating! I love the graphics as well!!
Yevhenii Ishchenko : Really love this game, one issue: game screen size not justified to my Pixel 4. Physics, graphics, gameplay and puzzles are cool! :)
Sushmitha R : I love the game.. I usually give up playing these kinda games. But mekorama is just difficult to give up on.. I mean.. I just don't feel like giving up till I solve it.. n it also helps in our thinking skills.. n all.. overall I loved the game..
Shubham Sharma : It's a real nice 'idea' behind this game and graphics are so nice. It's a kind of game which keep you bound with it. And finally the work of developers is admirable.
Tiara Cahya : This is really a good game! I finished all of the 50 levels and i'm proud. Th levels was hard, but finally i could solve this.. If you love challenging yourself.. YOU SHOULD TRY THIS GAME. It's addictive and frustating.. wkwk.
A Google user : the graphic and artstyle of the game is classical and nice . Fun and creative gameplay. Best game for those who like puzzle type games . Great time killer.
Prachi Chaubey : Very nice cool interesting and of course very much difficult... The starting levels are very easy but as levels increase the difficulty of the game also increases Very nice brain game
Mikoy Olbes : It would be useful and cool to add gears, sensors, sequenced, multiplayer, suspension, and timer thing.
Deshen Naidoo : I like the fact that you can design your own levels and scan the one's others have made,it means you can never truly finish the game.
Emilee Cray : so cute! being able to rotate the camera more to see different angles might help a little but its definitely worth playing! its nice that its free, too.
shivshakti cusion work : This game is totally amazing . I love this game . I completed all the levels and now I am playing community level . They are most amazing . But add more levels and elements . And you can continue the levels in other planets
No : I like it. Martin Magni, Your game is one of the Top 10 physical games and I have a letter for you. "Dear Martin Magni, Mekorama is a good game, i know that a little bot needs to go back to the planet he's traveling, and I can help finish the game... But I couldn't pass the following levels: • Robo Rally • Head above water • Balance Ball But I love the game. I won't uninstall this game. ~Gab"
Owen Wigg : Excellent! I don't normally do reviews but this game is awesome. The puzzles get you thinking and for the space it takes up in your drive it is excellent. And it is free!
Laudia V. : IT'S CUTE. IDK WHY I LOVE IT , it doesn't eating so much storage in my phone , and the gameplay is entertaining , just like i'm bored or waiting someone , i have this game to be played while waiting . The puzzle and the cute robot it's what i like from his game, thanks for making this game developer ♡♡
andy Konrad : Best game in a long time!! I flipping love this game! Challenging, quirky & addictive There's 1 level I can't finish due to my tiny phone screen. But otherwise a phenomenal game.
Talha Ibn E Ali : It is good game but when player enters in room or something like that the outer structure should become transparent so that we can see inside structure plus there should be more camera rotations and brief description written with name of levels
Billy : The design and animations are amazing. The developer is very skilled. Buuuut, there is no challenge AT ALL.
Upas Parvan : The game is absolutely addictive once you get a feel for it. the controlls are simple and smooth with a simple objective in the game.
Joe Cozens : Delightful game which is beautifully made and a nice balance between challenging but relaxing. Great design and ad free, easily worth paying for!
Rafsun Siddique : I absolutely love this game. Great visual and gameplay also love the UI. I almost never get bored playing this game. I really appreciate the developer for making this game. Surely would try to support them. Highly recommended.
Tisha Beedle : This game is very enjoyable even though it's not very challenging. It's similar to Monument Valley, so if you enjoyed that game, you will like this as well. I appreciate the relaxing nature of this game. It functions well and you can tell that the devs put forth a lot of love creating this. Very nice job!
XII MM 1 - Rifqi MJ : this game is kinda wasted potential. this could be as popular as GD if he keep updating it and if he were really serious with it. this game still fun, but its just your clasic 2016 mekorama, really nothing new this game editor really simple and doesn' t require you to have at least 80 in logic, it just you, your hamd and creativity. that it If magni is releasing Mekorama 2 im sure everyone will exited about it
awadh : I found the game back, installed when it was new after so many years I found it again. Nostalgia.
Pratik Gore : This was the best game app I have ever played. This is really a challanging app. It forces you to think in a logical manner. Its graphics are really brilliant at very less MB. I recommend everybody who likes to play some brainstorming games to download this app.
Bhuminjay Markam : So simple yet difficult (several times) to reach the spot. And the buildings are beautiful. Nice game to take a break and pass the time.
Karen Etheridge : A fun game that has you solving puzzles, the robot is cute, some are quite challenging and frustrating but you keep on coming back for more
Jason Van Cleve : Touch interface is ridiculous. Must have pressed twenty times on a target, and no response.
Lalbahadur Mondal : It's very nice game. This game needs so much brain sometimes to solve a puzzle that I start getting feeling that this game is challenging me and saying "solve this if you have enough nerves"👍🏻
Joseph van Gessel : Brilliant game, fun, smooth, well designed and executed. Plus no annoyances or grinding. Needs to be more games like this.
Krys Anywhere : Lovely game! Levels are just challenging enough to be fun without being frustrating. I'd love to support the creators financially, but money is a little tight right now. :/ That's not to say the game doesn't deserve it or that I won't do so in the future.
Swift Ace : Perfect Game... Makes you think a lot and doesn't really give you a free pass. You have to pay for hints and which i think is smart.
keyblade sora : the game Mekorama let me tell you guys that I don't know where to start. simple to put this is that it's challenging and needs more levels. i would love to see more games out there like this one
Crow Smith : I love this game. The style is so cute and the puzzles are so interesting and the little stumble that the robots do when you move something too fast makes me feel bad.
Christian Devotional Songs : I don't have the money to give you but this is a super game. That the player can create the game. awesome experience. Small app but really intresting game I recommended to all of my friends
Fatih Sönmez : A must play. Edit: After playing some levels I can easily say that the developer is genius. Level music is created by your moves. Levels are fun. It lets you build levels and play the levels created by others in a 16*16*16 world. All of them are free :D
Sophia Muriithi : The game is okay but why is it that some features are not working. An example is the vertical lifts how do you bring them down?
Oxrello : Wow! This one is an awesome puzzle with the best mini 3D lego look alike. Love to play it. Keep up the good works, Dev. :) Just start playing today & Im still curious with Create page. Wonder if we players can create anything then post to you Dev teams to be featured, or what.
Mothy Beats : I think it's an amazing game for it's like 6 MBs of data, the puzzles, the physics, the graphics are all awesome, definitely Keeping this hidden Gem on my new phone!
Franklline Jay : The puzzle are good but some of is not especially when clicking inside a building. You cant move inside. And also the camera angles should be free, not fixed.
vishal saraswat : It is a very nice games and it's main character is also so cute and the thing that gave it five stars is that is has a feature to build your own level and it is only of 9 mb .wow so much fun only for 9 mb. The game is much better than any 30 to 40 mb games so I really really recommend you but I should give my opinion to the company that you should have given an gmail log in so that our progress remains to ourself if the games is deleted by chance that happened to me . Thanks for this cool game.
Yashvardhan Kumar : Kudos to the developer for such a GAME...which is simple to understand but complex to solve at the same time. Demands out of the box thinking and creativity to solve levels. What a gameplay. (P.S. pls add new levels soon. 🙏)
Maxi Mitre : Excellent. Game, design, music and execution. Simple but intriguing. Ads are not annoying at all.
Rohmat Akbar : I actually like this game, since it's had a good graphics, but i don't like the view, it's not flexible, i hope he fixed it on next update..
Wahyu Andhika : What a wonderful graphics. Absolutely challenging, fun, addictive and friendly game. And big thanks there's no ads in this. Thanks for making this, Martin.
Neria Dolinsky : Love it, awesome puzzles (kind of 3D) some easy some hard. you can build your own puzzles and play other people puzzles (big bonus in My opinion, people make great puzzles). Very recommend!!
Karen Gregory : Absolutely love this game. Enjoyed it so much i played it twice. The little robot is cute and some levels can be tricky and make you think. Highly recommended.
C F : This game is challenging, inquisitive, most of all ... Fun!! I love the free-build feature. I've spent hours building different stages. I love this game.
Preeti Jain : Worst controls in this or any other world's games Dammed controls are so frustrating. I have been level 28 trying for more than half a year....... Please fix this issue 🙏🙏...😡🤬😠🤬😠😠
k : I LOVE THIS GAME SO MUCH!! this game is so challenging and fun! I haven't found any bugs so far, the ads aren't annoying and the design is so cute! the developers of this game deserve five stars
Sunil Boga : The game is simple and yet has powerful graphics which doesn't seem like it. It would be great if you can show the number of stars in the game on the screen above hint icon. I have to pause the game and check for the number of stars there.
Piyush Rahi : Totally dumb game. No tutorial, no video of how it's gonna work. Just a block and have to go throw it with no jump animation either. Either keep watching ads to get same hint again and again or pay money to get subscription
Google Gmail : Seconds into the game it's already stopped working. Every time I swipe to move the platform, the whole diorama moves instead. There's no way to differentiate commands.
Benjamin The Engineer : Relaxing, peaceful and i get to take my time?? Followed by really great graphics and simple controls? And i get to feel smarter? You've had my curiosity, but you now have my attention. Bravo, Devs! 💪
Yash Chandankhede : This app is awesome 1. It has a very low size and can run on any device 2. Graphics are good as this game is low size 3. Levels are challenging and good Overall 5 star experience 🙂👍🤗
Sefu Phiri : I give it four...it's a great game... awesome graphics but there are no instructions to guide you and in build mode u can't even do anything......
Euri Bed : I have been playing this for a long time and this is one of the best puzzle games I've ever played and even better because you can build your own levels!! Anyways happy new year!!!
Karlina Han : Games that need your brain work more. Good games, but sometimes its hard for move when the character inside the building
Flo De Frocourt : I really love the game. Very addictive, cute and funny. No ads, only fun. I greatly recommend if you like puzzle games.
Huawei Gr : The best game I've played so far. I love the the design of puzzles and the robot. The robot is super cute! Highly recommend!
NAD S : Amazing puzzles. Gets difficult progressively. Love the music in background it's so relaxing as well so
toni sore : Great, smart game. Not much ads. Gear, funny characters. Nice gameplay and interesting and sometimes funny levels
Sangeeta Kalathiya : Best lite weight game with amazing graphics and realy mindboggling puzzles. It must be topping the charts..
Aldrei Henrian N. Pontejos : I cannot upload my levels due to QR code decompression. I don't know why but If I compare my level's QR code to other levels, my level's code is tightly packed into a medium-size square, unlike the other level's code which literally fills up the entire QR code box. Please fix this issue.
ASBO UK COMFORTABLE : Good game, too time consuming, after a quick teabreak game. Suits kids, not for me. Takes too long to load! Not for me. Refund my expensive UK data at 80mb for 2 plays now! Time wasting. Deleted ASAP! Cute graphics! 2/1/22. UK review
T. Han : Very colorful graphics. Keeps your mind busy enough but not too difficult to discourage.
charlotte nel : Awesome little game to get your brain thinking. Great graphics. Easy to control.
TH3N3TW0RK : Great game, the Android doesn't follow directions 100%, but good puzzle game and very difficult
Asyraf Zolhani : Really good and relaxing game. Good graphics, cute characters and challenging. Gives the option for u to pay any amount you want
Perry Mastaglio : Plays great and looks great. Cunning, ingenious puzzles. The occasional ads aren't intrusive or annoying at all.
Sumit Kumar : The best ever game. Music is relaxing. Game is smooth interesting and you need out of box thinking abilities. I just loved it.
Ky Chiloz : Best puzzle game I've ever played. The game has good 3d graphic and very challenging, that's how a puzzle is supposed to be. Nice👍🏿
Scott Tudor : Interesting game but robots are difficult to control through a maze. I stopped playing when the fun stopped. Couldn't finish nor want to try again.
Vaishnavi Singh : Very nice game with unique features like : we can create our own levels and share it with our friends. Kudos to developer.
Sreeraj N R : This game is really mind boggling. It's very simple yet brilliantly designed to include it's complexity within the simplicity. Mr. Melodrama, the cute little robot's movements are extremely natural and childish. I sometimes felt sad for abusing him to finish the game. Anyway this game makes you think deeply. It evokes the thinker in you.
Delores Grahek : This game is both cute and challenging! It also allows you to skip a level if you get stuck. Very well-designed game!
Aakash Mohapatra : What a cute and beautiful game. It is amazing and addictive. Need i say more. Very simple though could get tricky once a while. A game worth wasting your time on
VIBGYOR : Yay, 25 new levels. And the irrtating static view has changed so i can navigate 360°. Thanks Martin for this amazing game. The music is the best part :)
Sue Baxter : Awesome game! Such a cute character. Early levels are quite easy but the game gradually gets both more challenging and more addictive!
Kandeth Bala : What a wonderful outstanding game!! It's so sure that this will mess with everybody's brain. I'm sure that you have made an extraordinary effort to develop this. Truly amazing. I give my extraordinary congrats to you. Keep it up. Looking forward to Mekorama 2....
Adhi Prasiddha Yoedo : I like this game, it's relaxing, not time consuming. I can play it while rest my feet, and the music...aahh it's simple but give me back my good mood 👍
Mark : A great way to pass time , It's has nice graphics and awesome gameplay. I suggest buying premium to get a hint when it's too hard.
Chris M : Couldn't get past round 3. Kept trying to move one of the blocks and it wouldn't.
Andy Allgood : This game is great! It's a fun little puzzler with EXCELLENT sound design. It's worth trying out to listen to the music alone.
Techno _savvy : The game is really interesting and fun. It makes us think a lot to solve those puzzles. I really preffer this game if u like to solve puzzles.
Pushkar Dubey : As the level of this game increses, difficulty level as well as curiosity increses. Interesting logical game. One more thing about this game is that if you want a hint to solve any level you will have to pay 30INR, 50INR, 100INR & so on. If you are not able to pay then, no problem you won't proceed If you like the game you can write a review, wow ! What an idea Sir ji ! I suggest this game.
Nik Mish : Simply the best mobile game ever. No exaggeration. Challenges one to think creatively. And shout out to the creative efforts that went into the app's design motif, consistent fluid feel and just the entire experience. Hands down Martin Magnificent is a G, see what 25years of mastering your craft brings forth. :) looking forward to more (it's a shame I'm poor, otherwise I would have made a significant donation to your indie studio) Keep up the Mag-nificent work!
Sambarna Ghosal : The game is quite interesting as well as engrossing. The levels are well designed and provide with challenges to overcome. Loved it!
Wolf Sion : I enjoying this game and I can create a level too, ads that pop pup every where that not bother me. I love this game so much
Rox Hanna : This is an awesome game. It is challenging but not impossible and the graphics are enchanting and readable. l highly recommend this game.
Bryn Blanco : I love the way this game challenges my brain to solve it but one issue is that it's impossible to scan the tiny qr codes when I make my own levelsso I can send them to my friend for testing othe than that its amazing
Praveen Benakannanavar : Best game to pass time. They even gave built in simulator. it's awseome . I loved this game ,Suggestion: I spent my half day to build a game of mine but there is no social media link to show off it with my frnds . Sorry bud Im paying you 60rs (cuz of my budget). This game deserves more I know
scire estdivinum : Fun, difficult but doable, pleasing 3D graphics. Cleverly thought out, small game to download, good have to go in and out of when there's time
KARAN HANDA : One of the best brain teasers, the background music changes with patter of your click. 🙌 Thanks to the developer.. for not adding ads to it.
Kalyan Sundar : Maze solving with verticality. A very entertaining and engaging game with apt sounds. A very good blend of the concepts. This is the game that I usually recommend to my friends. Kudos to the developer.
Faraz Huq : Martin. You've done a great job with this game. The fact that you let us play it for free and then left it to us to determine it's value is incredible. I have never seen any developer do this and it's nothing short of brilliant. You obviously worked hard on this game and judging from the love it's gotten it paid off! Congratulations! Looking forward to your future projects.
Terrance Johnson : The game isn't puzzling, it's fustrating. Why would u make the character move involuntarily towards tazers and bots. It's borderline annoying. Also stop asking for money so frequently. Did u want the game to be free for everyone to play or did u think it wasn't worth paying for? Just label a price on the app store or add a place to donate for it.
Sara Sechrest : Really having fun with this. Great art style. Fun, challenging puzzles. But lowkey and casual. I love it!
rainbow_spongebob200 : Great game!The little robot is cute the puzzles are easy and fun however when i got to stage 11 wierd music was playing and i didnt like it but the game is still fun i love it
Vipul bambale : Loved this game alot, completed a couple of times but still never got bored. Eagerly waiting for next version...yeah i know we can download different levels from browser but still just waiting for more. Do try this game guys you'll love it for sure.
annanya Dobariyal : The game's amazing....I have tried many games over time...and its one of the very good games' category that I would put this game in. It's not very addictive so won't kill ur precious time and it's fun...so overall....good games for everyone looking for a rest time game
Peter James : Great puzzle game to pass the time. Very relaxing sound track and fantastic learning curve
Barmi Mandal : I love it. Its tricks the mind, but the music and beautiful simple graphic dilutes the pressure and make it such a soothing and refreshing game.
anjeela singharia : This game was good, it also has options for designing your own level, but you have to purchase the hints. That's the only drawback. Overall a very cute game.
ananda dahal : I could have given 5 star but some issues is found by me. •We can't upload our levels in forums. •After completing 3 levels it will show black screen and we again have to play that same level. These are only my issues please say me that how to upload our levels in forums. Thank you!
Amar nath : This game us really nice... has a good graphics very simple concept I love the levels... it is easy at first and becomes tough at last... we can even create our own levels... It is a very simple but an intresting... funny... good timepase game... try this game it is really a cool game...
Nikhil Nayak : Very nice, free and engaging puzzle game after a very long time. 50 levels only but very worth it. Knocked it off in 1 day.... Worth it
Caleb Osei : The robot is too, dang cute! Wish I can hug it! The puzzles are challenging, but fun! And the sick update! Nice one!
Ted Foo : This game is 5*****. It keep me going and going. The programmer has done a fantastic job in creating the many many different fun and challenging level. Well Done.🤩
Google Account : I wonder if the developers have thought about trying this game in with Lego... The game could be adapted and models actually built as sets... Obviously the automation wouldn't be there but the possibilities would be endless just as with the game
Shouvik Mukherjee : very interesting...and tricky game... it's for all ages... the graphics is really so good...has to apply your brain...and it can help to develop the geometrical view
Jordon Kraft : Too many ads, but fun idea. It asks that you allow ads "sometimes" but it's an ad after every level.
Julian Gordon : I find the game challenging. Though at times frustrating, as it is unclear how to move certain pieces. But so far it has been intriguing.
S Sudhir Avinesh : The game has a lot to do with our brain. It provides us puzzle-like experience. For 10mb, this is the best game that I would recommend.
I Am Aisha's Eyes : Little Bit Hard, The Grapichs is good, me n my sis play this at hospital, n she's fun with this, but when we reach high level that w so harddd.... I cant understnd, But its worth it, i like it!
Shraddha Patil : Really interesting app with brain chllenging levels. If someone likes puzzles they should definately try this game once. The graphics are really great.🤩
Piyush Raj : It might be relaxing for many people because a soft back ground music makes the game enjoyable but for me that experience lasted for some time only I got bored of the game quickly . Still IT was nice.
Jayant Raj Singh : An utterly ridiculously awesome game. It's creative, intuitive and above all appealing to the eyes and ears. Thank you for making this game.
A Google user : Good game I like it. You can build your own levels. I have a trick that you can make two rooms and say choose a room. One room will have zappers and other will have finish point. and trick your friends now!!!!
Jason Bahago : I love this game. Its so challenging and addictive. U can't find a better game than this that is this size. Thr developer really put his effort into this. It's amazing. I showed my siblings and they are addicted to it. Thumbs up
A Google user : Good game. I love it, the tiny robot is so cute, even my son and brother download it too! Finally, after stuck for 3 days, I figured out to beat level 19! You're genius, Martin! Finished all the cards. The best game ever!
Greg Lucot : great graphics and animation. puzzles are challenging and not repetitive. good background sounds.
A Google user : It's a great game, I like to play this after stressful school time, even the background music is awesome. The best part is that you can even create your own level, amazing right?
Ethan Watters : It's the best game ever like literally everyone is giving it 4 to 5 stars you should get I am so glad I got it! You have to go to play store and get it!😉But the only problem is that you can't play the levels you make only the ones the game provides you!
RAJ KUMAR : It is a really great game 😊 but sometimes there are glitches in the game while editing . I can't pay for it (cuz I'm 11 years old )but it is my dream game I love it
Aadhi : Okay No1: No ads. Even on the free version. I'll pay the dev as soon as quarantine ends and I'm back to work. No2: The game's a goddamn brain booster. Its do good and tricky at the same time
Very Super Kool Epic Person : One of the best games ever created. Easy controls, smooth working and interesting levels I love this game I finished it but I want to do more please update this best graphics too.
Ahish Gowda : the game has been designed excellently. the game designer has done an excellent job here. the idea of the game is really innovative. the game is thought provoking . and unlike other games it is hardly 5mb. over all an excellent game.
Lourdu Radjou : Very nice game could improve more in future by adding more in games like shooting or something more interesting to develop or reach through more audience also name it coming mekarama as 2.0 and so on just my opinion and thank you for creating a awesome app like this.. I be a coder I know how hard work your team put on this ..app..🎊
Heropug Heropug : It's a good game, some of the levels I got stuck on but I beat those levels. Only one level I had to go on YouTube for, and that was level 13.
A Google user : this is probably the best mobile /tablet app game i have seen!!! excellent graphics with the cutest loveable character!!! simple to play and totally addictive. if i was employed and could afford it I'd happily support the developer!!!! absolutely marvellous!!!!!
Sifat Ullah : This is totally a game worth playing. I'm also surprised by the developers hardwork put into it, the game is small in size, fun to play, ads are decent and not put on your face, and they constantly improve the game. Good job.
Athena : This game is awesome you should definitely give it a try.. it tests your brain in such a cute way that you won't be able to figure it out.. also thanks for the developers who did it finely well.. i can't pay you so as you said to Write a review.. this is the best game for me.. plus it is a promise that I'm never gonna Uninstall this game.. please keep developing such games.. hope this helps you a lot.. 💕
Tushar Rathor : Its a good brain roasting game . According to me and my known players this game should many of its bugs and unknown tricks should be told . And last but not the least a vertical orbit moving should also be involved in this game.
chandreau suarez : I once played this game it's so terrific so tricky and amazing but now I don't play it because it starts lagging when there's so many robots or the device I'm using because this is so old tablet I'm using but still a great game.
Naheed Salma : Great Game and Great Author. This is the kindest a game developer has ever been, that I don't have to pay for anything and I can just pay what I want for what it's worth. It's just great! All the other developers should be kind like you. Thank you for this beautiful Game:-)
ananta dutta : Good game but some logic applied in the game is what I don't admire and also draggable block is much glitchy I try to pull right but it went left and also quite tough to move maybe because I play in mobile screen. Still a good game if it were solved and also untill it become much hatd
navoliani nabainivalu : Its a great game . I played the game 3 years ago now that i am getting it back i am regretting deleting it. TIP: This game goes with the timming ...you have to time things properly. You can even create your own levels👌👌 . and if you think its boring...your just BADD AT THE GAME🤣
Dany Demuth : Fun puzzler with a cute robot that makes me laugh and think at the same time. Great for short waits and to keep your mind sharp.
DARK _PHANTOM : I have played this game n number of times and also remember this is more than 6 years old..i was bored so i downloaded this and i was really upset this has got those stars thing with was kinda annoying and the main this ads i have to watch a 7 sec or 5 sec after finishing each i am very disapointed with the ads the stars i had soo mad i litreally deleted the game i had played this from 2015 till 2018 and then today i downloaded and this much change i had to deleted one of my fav game so fast
Arnaw Kumar : There is 1 problem that I build level and when it is time to play it starts but after sometimes automatically it will cut off the game in between when I playing my own created level 😫😫😡😡😡 . I request you to please resolve this problem fast as you can and get your 5 back .😡😡😡
20 Patole Shreya Indrajeet : Do download.... Logical game with puzzly levels. I felt confused at beginning but it is the easiest game I ever played as I went forward winning the levels
Jescilla Mee Alfante : This was super cool to be honest. I like the game and so unique and easy app. I enjoy alot . THANK YOU SO MUCH ADMIN! I was looking for a game and this game was fun😊
Lennaert Hondelink : Game Jam is barely possible, but not if you follow the hints, that way is impossible. It's way too fun messing with the robot
Nick Maltzoff : The best game I've come across. Lots of additional levels can be downloaded and you can create and publish your own levels.
Leon Lee : I like this game so i create big levels so i played some story and masters i finish the story of mekorama so i rebuild this one and delete and make those blue cubes and blue boxes
MOMIN KHAN : These game is so intresting i want more level and martin magni you are really legend I have no words for you your game are inspiring me i used your these app 3yers ago and i complete all levels of these game and leave it but now it was change and you made it perfect all the best for you new games👍👍👍👍👍👍
Kedar Raval : Very creative idea of gaming and the challenging levels. And the most gamer thing about this game is you can create your own levels and can submit. Brilliant... Loved it...
S Macca : This is such a great little game! Fun, challenging at times. Great time filler. The work that must have gone into designing it, credit to them.
Peaches 'N Cream : Its challenging, engaging, addictive and overall just a fun game. Its definitely worth a download and basically have 0 complaints about it. It's a fun pass time!
gokul parthiban : One of the best puzzle based game. Nice design and short levels that's interesting and challenging and fun to play.
thiruvasagam .r : Nice concept and nice game to be honest...but it's not particularly my type of game caz I am interested in playing that are fast combat style (like shadow fight)..still a nice game. I would recommend it for my little sister and to other children below 15
Farman Ulhaq : The game is made very well but it has one drawback that is the screen also moves while using the lift.
Levi Horsburgh : Excellent little puzzle game. Cute simple graphics, with puzzles that appear simple but can be very challenging!
Philip Chesley III : Interesting game. The builder is a plus. You can build your own levels. Seems like this dev might have a good head on his shoulders
Maya Michael : Playing for the second time after 6 years, nothing much has changed which is fine by me because it's a perfectly balanced game.
Terry Gartman : Clever and challenging game of logic with help when you need it. Just about perfect
Tilak Thapa : It is so muck exciting game. I think that I should give it 5 stars but aftee playing I consider that It's camera angle is not effective it should be changed like 3d angle avoiding only rotating it. We can't play with this camera angle change it.
Atharav Malhotra : The reason why I gave it 1 star is that in this game all levels should have a boundary best when I played one master level that is pinball always the ball goes outside the boundary which is very irritating
Lisa Bradford : Simple concept, cute character, challenging mazes. Not complicated, not boring. Thank you for making this game.
Astitva Varma : Really amazing game and one of the best 3d puzzle games in the store, also the art style is really great and the option to create your own levels is great.
Shakti Outsoursing : A very good game it is fun and have challenging levels in this game we can create our own level and play it graphics game play and controls are very good and the robot is also very cute and it trains your brain it is a brain game and it is in only 5.4 mb so less space it takes on your mobile in amazing performance who likes puzzle games thus is the best game for them very good keep it up martin magni i am waiting for a new game or update nice kkep it up🤣😃😀😁😂😇🤠🤠
shubham nachare : It's a great game. Stable application no ads no fancy items. Clean UI. It's good to play when ur alone and good brain exercise.
Chantel Jonathan : I can't put it down The robot is easy to move while still being challenging And the navigation becomes trickier and trickier to get each level There is so much to think through I love it Thank you
Alexander Johnson : This game is fun especially when you can create hard levels your self. My one complaint is this wheel level that is impossible to beat for me. But its is still fun.
Jayme : It's okay. I got bored fairly early in. Reminds me of that Nintendo game, just not as good. Maybe if it were a little kitty instead of a robot I'd find it more cute...
Muzeeb Ahmad : This is amazing . Its a game that train our mind with fun not like other brain training games that only ask questions that are some time too annoying. It very fun and fast game in which you dont have to get into
kartik chaudhari : Really good experience playing the game, feature to add levels and make one are good. And levels later really challenges you.
Anita Neufeld : intricate and lovely sets, feel empathy when characters gets zapped, he has personality! Like the puzzle, problem solving part, dexterity challenging for older new to gaming person. Wonderful job dev's
Anamika Pathania : This game is mind-relaxing, with mellow music and sounds. The graphics are picturesque, minimal ads and puzzles are well constructed with cute characters.
Garry Balanga : I actually don't like the zapper. The should be no size limitation in creating a level. I also don't like the red bot that you have push or help you out in Level 19 and the red bot with a zapper head to get away with.
Random Persson : This is one of the few mobile games that are genuinely fun without trying to milk your wallet dry. It's fun and relaxing and has just the right level of difficulty. I love it!
Heran Galeon : This app was very exciting ang also you can release your stress. And i also recommend this game to children, because this app can make your children's learn a lot,. THATS WHY I RATE THIS APP 5 STARS
Black Shadow : I love this game! Seriously, whenever i plays this game, my mind gets relaxed. Its too much fun to play the game. And the best moment is when that robot falls from the building or whatever that is. I seriously like this game. The only best offline game available in the google play..😇
Akasha Gabrielle : This is a very cute puzzle.. I'm so sad that it's only have 50 levels and if you want to play more you can visit their facebook to click the link where you can download some of levels.
Nandini Yadav : It's an amazing experience playing this, the graphics, the details, the structuring and the puzzles everything is on perfect set with bg music ofcourse😌
Ankit : The graphics all are good. But this game is more of a reflex training than an actual brain twisting puzzles game. Gets boring after sometime.
Sare : The robot keeps falling because of the smallest pushes from the movable parts of the puzzles. Gets kinda annoying when you're so close to finish and the little idiot can't even stand by itself.
Nithin Shibu : Amazing gmeplay , even runs smoothly in small phones , i love the graphics very much amd the music increases the concentration . so good to play when there is no network available
Khadijah Ali, ARMY : This game is awesome! Even though it is difficult, it is still fun and mind helpingly great to play. Something good that this game needs, is no WiFi. I absolutely love that. Please make more amazing games like this. Please.
phus phus : Superb!! This Gmae is quiet difficult. But some levels are easy. Nice game, nice graphics and nice controls.
Erick Cardozo : What can I say about this game? It's so perfect! I can feel all the love and dedication of the developer. Can't find a single defect on it, it's completely perfect! Congratulations is the minimum you deserve for this amazing piece of art! Thanks a lot!!
jason moniz : The new UI could have been better. The bottom section (story, master cards, build and you )could have been shorter in height
Jai Kumar Sahu : Ahh! Making something difficult for majority doesn't mean a good game. Very poor controls. Good thing you can create your own puzzles freely.
Onesmo Kasongo : Get. This. Game. Already! It is simply the best puzzle game. Mind blowing graphics, amazing controls. Its great.
Bala Krishnan : It's very interesting and a challenging gaming..... If they provide small instructions will be usefull....... But from my point of view its a wonderful game eargly waiting for part2
Srj Rnj : This game is very nice. It is really a tricky one. I think only the perfect and intelligent people can win each level in this game. I like this game. MEKORAMA... Its an awesome name! Well everyone can download this. But only the genius can win!!! 😙I 💘 THIS GAME!
A Google user : Fantastic puzzle game that is hard enough to keep you thinking but not so impossible that you want to throw your phone out the window. Add nice music and a cute robot and you've got a very well made game.
luciana whitaker : I absolutely love this game, and so does my 5 yr old daughter. It can be very challenging at times, frustrating at others, but always fun to play. If you haven't tried it...you need to. It is a great way to pass the time.
Chavi Gupta : This is good game. There are many different levels . Starting levels are not hard but levels is up and levels is also Hard.
Ani Singh : It's a well made game with simple to difficult levels. From visuals to simple yet effective sound design works quite good. Loved it.
Devin Black : Super Fun game, I Can't put it down. It males you think and its really creative. I loke how you can make your own levels and share them with friends. Definitely a great game and app.
Deean Ahamed : Some of the levels are impossible, because my device is not touchscreen so I cannot touch in two places at once, could you please make controlls where you can click and hold to change view instead of useing two fingers, because I cannot click in two places at once.
Tridib Bose : Excelsior... Its different, unique, quite perfect indeed... The graphics are unexpectedly good, and the game itself is made excellent!! Love it!!
A Google user : The idea and the whole structure is very cute and simple. Sometimes you just can't get the controls properly
A Google user : It's Good , But I See Potential For This Game cuz i think that it needs more materials more features like actual free camera movement like you could go like in there pov and like go into buildings and like pause while in mid play and much more but overall good game!
Prabhakar Dighe : Awesome game! I really liked the concept and the fact that this is a really good brain teaser. Althoigh the controls might be a bit shaky sometimes its a must have game
Sarthak Kapoor : Man!!! it just makes me happy whenever i play it. Best concept,Best visuals,Best graphics Giving it for free is kinda donation you did for the whole world. Cause if this game is not paid then i don't know which game should be paid.
Bilakich Begum : Loved the whole game but had to delete it because of one issue, I can't even see through the little lanes or hallways whatever you call it to analyse how I'd get out same with the levels with water I can't see down there so how do I know where to go?? It's like playing blindly..... Please fix those, I love it and I'd love to download again.....
Hisham Osman : So l saw this game in another game made by the same person Martin Magni called fancade this guy is a genius every single bit of his games are simply amazing the soundtrack the controls the game itself it's just so well made and the idea of making these well made games free then maybe if you could and want you can pay some money to get small perks that won't affect the game
Kayla Jade : Beautiful Game! The graphics are fun and fluid. Challenging, but not impossible :,) I highly suggest for a relaxing puzzle solving game
Raymund Llagas : Your game is great and doesn't consume alot of storage space unlike other games.I am really confused of how you made the game so small and yet the graphics are so good.. You need to make more games like this.. Its so awesome
Lylíana Zaynia : I love it! This is what all games should be like. It works off-line too. It is soothing and you can make your own LEVELS! If you like slow peaceful puzzle games then get it!
Tarandeep singh : Incrdible ❤️ i dont know what to mention this game has a lot. Light weight app, graphics, new concept, UI is awesome, Techniques are unique.
Gilbert Enriola : The best , the cutest and the most challenging puzzle game that I played. Thanks for creating this game I am so immobilized by its cute theme , sounds and graphics , It is really addictive game that challenge may creativity .❤️
Kartika Dea : I love this game, The background music isnt annoying, Graphics are so clear, Challenging game but the control is a little bit slow and hard sometimes
Chrizhylle Fajardo : I love the visuals, everything in this game was just awesome. Tho, I hope there would be a lot of levels to explore and solve. Thanks.
P.P : I miss strategy games like this, fantastic graphics, hard but achievable levels, absolutely awesome game. How can I submit one of my designs?
Soundar IITD : The graphics is excellent. Concept is good. Bad that even a single hint is not available for free!
Abhishek Rantiya : This game is amazing. After a long time I found a game which is worth playing. Amazing work you did guys making this game. The developer is really generous and kind. Levels are not that hard. Plus, I really enjoyed playing it.
A Google user : please give more levels. all levels are easy. there should be more hard levels. nice gameplay. i liked it very much.
peter stavrou : absolutely stunning and challenging game, i love everything about it, the graphics, music and the smoothness is spot on, great job dev !
Jeff DeLooze : Almost fun. The reliance on weird motions makes it unruly to play on a phone touch screen. Too much tricky maneuvering not enough puzzle.
Daniel T : I dont like rating apps and writing reviews. But this game is so good I just had to say something. For a free game, it provides longevity by allowing other people to make and share their own puzzles. I LOVE this feature. Great game, mr. Magni! Kudos!
Aniket Katkar : Awesome game, simply awsome game in such little Mbs. Also you can make your own levels thats simply amazing. Awesome graphics, smooth gameplay.
Pure 666 : really goooood game could get a rating 9.9 out of 10 . And also request for a second part of it as there were very less levels. Worth downloading .😋
Ilija Vuk : The game's good but the further I progressed into the game, the inability to change the perspective so you're looking only at a single side of the cube bothers me more and more
Otto B. : Brilliant game for a toddler! Relaxing music and sounds, yet fun and logic thinking promoting game. Cute and funny robot. This is a game I would happily have payed for for not having any in-app-purchase offers. The author has really thought through the levels he created. Thank you!
Nilam Sawant : Loved it at the download size it comes. But overall graphics & the game presentation is very well managed . Kudos to your team 😃
Dharam Balani : Might look childish for once but tends to get challenging, engaging, addictive while maintaining its simplicity card! Must try..
amol sawant : It's a nice and simple game . You can even create your own levels and play them once you've finished the first in-game levels. I liked it very much.☺️
Zachary Bailey : Such a fun game, has beautiful graphics and nice sounds. Love the levels as they get more difficult the farther you get.
Gianni Bradli D. Gayon : Its a really great game!! It gets my brain to work and there are no ads!! As you progress it gets more challenging and more fun.
Robert Peters : Wow no ads. Politely asks for a donation but you don't have too. Hope some people do give donations as it is well deserved. Great little puzzle game. Challenging but fun also. And you can even create your own puzzles. 5 stars all day every day with games like this.
Anandhu U Suresh : Really loved this game. Simple, but still challenging :). I have completed the 50 levels and have now asked my mom and lil bro to download on their phones. One of the best offline games I've ever played.
Mostafiz Shohan : Very Good Graphics and good sensibility. I really appreciate. If you can customize restart button, it will be great looking Game.
Plan Z : Awsome game. Just 2 suggestions. Can you add a bot where you can make a path that he follows. And can you make a settings menu for bots, mtors and zappers? It would spark so many more level ideas.
AYUSH pandey : Friends,play it, one of the best challenging game in play store.sound,concepts, levels of puzzles and everything are magnificent.5stars,no doubt its worth
RAMAJAYAM M : Amazing and fun game.... well graphics... Little more challenging and it can improve our thinking capacity. There are 50 levels and thousands of fan made levels. So interesting levels. super game. Thanks to Mr. Martin mangi sir to give this amazing game to us.
21MCC2025 Shivam Dhaka : Very nice game with pleasing sound and simple mechanics and great graphics. Also very tricky......and playable. Don't have any in app purchase , best thing.
Brodie Sawyers : Defiently one of the best puzzle games I've played. Love the design and the physics are pretty good. So i give it around 4 stars looks great!
Ashutosh Patil : Too much ads.. ads actively interupts gameplay, pauses game to show ads. Ads in between levels are fine. But pausing an active level just to show ads is not acceptable.
Deepak Sir NTP : Hey Martin, it's a great game for every age group. You can think, make strategy, enjoy and make your own stages. I made some children to play this game who were addicted to shooting/firings/fighting/racing games. It's better than them and doesn't spoil their mental health.
DEEPAK亗 : I love this app. It is really very amazing as it makes you feel fun and also exercise your brain. It is the only game which I love the most. Good graphics, good control, good features and good game. Simple game which anyone can play also this game is very addictive.
TANMAY KHAIRNAR : 5 stars as its deserve best mind game actually it's innovative specially for architect and architect student in this game we don't only have to solve game but we can also make our own level so it's very very helpful; I appreciate the work and the efforts made by developer to make this game 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟
rama sastry : It has many levels but when you get carried away, it's easy to finish the game early Adds more interest if more levels are there
Chris Chris : Gets difficult. It's definitely challenging. Frustrating at times but it's a good puzzler.
Tarun Kasera : The best of the best puzzle game i have ever played. Great graphics, great controls and that tiny robot is sooooo cute. It make my day. Thanks Martiny.
42 578 Hossain Mahamud : This is fantastic game. No such issues when i played this game. This is excellent idea made this type game.This game size is small but graphics is so sweet.it's true mekaroma is relaxing, mindbloing, puzzle solving only less than 5 mb. Thanks for making this type of game.
Romashka : This game is very interesting and hard if u dont know game mechnics.For example:25th level where I spend 1 hour to understand that u need to die and make red robot to turn right and step on big button and I did it without help( if don't think about youtube :).This game is very cool and if u need intellectual game, what are u waiting for go play this game ;). Bye
Vishvesh Tomar : Outstanding game. the game is very good qith good graphics, nice puzzles ,good apperance of game, etc. we can also creat our own levels and play in it. and that also make it owsome thankyou guys who made this but you should make another mokorama 2 game and really we all are waiting for it to come thankyou again..........
Adithyan Vinoyi : OMG! Amazing offline with lowest size... You can create your own levels and share it to your friends... You can play custom levels with a screenshot with it's QR Code... It's funny and dificult also. Try this app you will really like this one.😍😍😍 This is an over rated app.
Shane Collins : Took a little while to get the focus on how the game was played. The best thing is there are little twists and variations in each game. Still learning.
Raj dev Singh : This game is just incredible.....so relaxing yet challenging ...a nice workout for brain ... I really liked it.... it's totally worth ... Anyone who likes puzzles should try this game.
A Google user : great game, very peaceful but you can't always see what you're doing which can sometimes get a bit annoying. I'm having fun but also a little trouble on a couple of them. all together it's a pretty good game 😀
Nebojša Mitić : It's a amazing game,good graphics,hard levels I'm giving it a 4 star rating because the hints are almost always hard to understand,if you could fix it,i might give it a 5 star rating
Adjust The Rain Music : Great puzzles. Realy stretches my brain. Controls are a little difficult but that may just be my phone. Love the little robot dude.
Vaisakh S : I really loved this game. I have completed all the levels. Am waiting for part 2. If mekorama 2 is there, i will download definitely. I reffered to my friends about this game.. They also started playing... Its a simple and decent game.
Dee Bee : Great game. Great programming. Some are really challenging like levels 19 & 22. Characters elicit a smile watching the animations. I love the fact that donations are a simple ask. They deserve the donation for the superior work.
Armani : The puzzles are not rocket science, but the game offers some play through value and the graphics are very well put together.
Saint Ozais : I've been looking for good mobile games on the internet for quite sometime I saw this game on the suggestions everytime but i never bothered downloading it because i thought it would be boring then i downloaded it today and mannn am i loving this game! I really wish i could have payed some bucks for this game. I love it!!!
Shuvam Sarkar : Loved it, great piece of work, hadlots of fun playing it, spent many hours going through the puzzles and when I finally solved it, the feeling is awsome😄😄. Must Try👍👍
6 9 : this sentence is coming from malay. kecil kecil cili api. it means it's a very good game although it was in a small download size. the problem is a roofed building with a blocker bot. i can't move much.
A Google user : This game is a challenging puzzle try this one its massively cool and interesting game also I was happy that I can create levels without payments. Thanks for creating this game.
Shubhranshu Shree : Fantastic Game which pushes you to think.. Somewhere you need to observe how things work and then strategise! Excellent puzzles!
Jason Steckel : Great puzzle game. Really well designed. A good place to relax while still challenging your brain a bit.
Sarang Manoj : The game was really good before the stars came in and the levels started being easy as heck, even a two year old kid could solve this, I prefered the game when it was harder, now it's just stright up trash
A Google user : Absoulutely loved this game. Very addictive. I completed all the levels. The levels are really challenging. Mind blowing game . 😘😘😘💟💟
Ex_gamer : This game is a great time killer. The character is cute and the graphics are awesome. Some puzzles are hard but not impossible.
Yuvraj Sehgal : I like this game a lot. It has a charming robot and we have to help him by completing each puzzle or level. U all should try fancade. It is also a good game. Plzz... download this game and enjoy
Cham Baysa : Nice game. I have problems though. My map cannot have a permanent solution. And I want a tutorial because I don't fully understand the game yet. I hope my problem gets fixed soon.
Maram Farag : someone recommended this game for me , and i have been olaying it since then. it's a really good game that makes you think if your next step , the character is so cute and it's ime killing. love it!!.
DP : The game is extremely awesome.Some updates are needed for making this the best game I have ever played,You guys should allow us to sign in for play games and should allow us to make our self made levels publicize. The conclusion is ; this game is aweso e but updates will make it the best.
Rosa Mae Rojas : This game is amazing! Can I kill the red? Just kidding. Work more in rotations, adjust it. I find it hard because of the rotation. :)
Will Johnson : Beautiful game. Great art style. Love the music. Overall, this artistic indie game is amazing to play and even more fun to finish.
Umberto Grimaldi : To be honest this game is really bland, the physics are wonky and the levels are super easy, It's practically pay to win since you can't use hints since the game just expects you to know everything about the mechanics of the game, Really sloppy, I don't reccomend.
Mahmoud Ahmed : This game is great and used brain very good. Every level I feel like I have a new brain challenge. Not like most of the games repeat itself.
Joshua Kamugisha : This is a MUST HAVE app for all the puzzle and maze lovers, its very essential and my go to app to whenever i want to intellectually stimulate my brain. Its an absolute time killer, not forgeting its soothing music and funny robots. Well done Martin.
Luis Genaro Alvarez Sulecio : I really enjoy the puzzles so far, they are engaging an even though they are fairly simple at the start (I'm by level 15) they're very entertaining.
Oz DeVil : I really love the game and it is very addicting. The flaw I see is that it is not only intelligence you need, but also motor and sensor abilities. This flaw is my personal view and should not be taken very serious
Princess Jheanielvea : Relaxing Puzzle Game! I love playing this game. The puzzles are challenging, but very fun. Would definitely recommend downloading!
Ashish Sharma : It's coolest game I have ever played man!!!! Grophics r cool controls are sooo smooth and awesome levels . This game is soothing and so it's background music. This game make me think in a different way . Devloper shoulf be praised.
gPeteSF : Nice game, ads not too overdone. Level 39 master makers (Red Balls by EL797), I finally sunk all three balls after who knows how many tries, and the dang red bot walked on top of them then got stuck in that spot. Couldn't climb out to the star. Frustrating!
KQ : The robots are cute. The gameplay is smooth and very less ads. Challenging, interesting and entertaining game. Totally worth 5 stars.
Zeel Gandhi : I first played this gane 2 years ago and completed it... today I want to play it again.. I first start this first 2 levels were same just that stars collecting was new and it make game more interesting... and there are so many new levels I loved it...
Jenuel Ganawed : I think this puzzle app is great,, just a little bit more update,, add more puzzle game into it and some qay i can be able to send my puzzle i created to a friend and let them solve them,, i think thats a good idea right?
Meghraj Jirewar : Nice game but some levels are tough to solve can you give hint without any cost. Afterall great game, we can make our own cards.
RealTalkInc RealTalkInc : Very entertaining! A little difficult on certain levels to tap where you need to, so I am stuck on a couple.
Subtle Schigella : The concept is really good. The graphics is incredible. But most importantly it gets tougher and tougher and keeps you glued.
Devon Davis : I'm knocking off a star due to constant harassment about paying the deveoper.other than that it's fun challenging, plenty of levels, and no ads is a plus.
Muhd Jibril : Super duper app,i love it,never bored play this game because there are many level we can get out there,like search at google for QR code, sometime,i feel stressed because that level to hard,but it's not your fault, it's my brain that can't thinking to much,anyway, love this app😘😘👍👍
Meet Shah : When you're stressed af! it'll help you relax ! it's minimal design ! no ads! and cute graphics .Great job. You feel satisfied when you complete each card. P.S please give some cute name to that robot like add a storyline or something
Md. Asaduzzaman : The best puzzle game I have ever played. Literally I've fallen in love with this game. The music is amazing as well as relaxing, so is the sound. It deserves more than 5★
Prabesh Pradhan : Wow! I usually am addicted to different strategic and online pvp battles but this game takes my experience to the whole new level. Just few word from my side = absolutely amazing game = brilliant work from the developers. Please keep on developing such games.
Sergio Mireles : Beautiful design, controls are smooth and the game itself is clever and offers you a nice play time. This a diorama puzzle game, a cute mix between Captain Toad and Monument Valley. I highly recommend Mekorama, congratulations for this fine piece of work!
Dr. Suneel Teotia : Excellent ! This game is really fun . The puzzles are mind boggling but the graphics and picture quality is really cool . Thanks for making such a game.
Amit Raval : Nice little game to challenge the grey matter. Gets progressively hard. Minimal ads. Easy control. Aesthetically pleasant. Recommend it!
Julian Reinaldo : I personally like the game but please remove bug where the shadows of moving object stays just use draggables and stick it to ground the shadow is stilk there also please make the world bigger maybe you can build your thing without running out of space and also dont forget new wheels where u can move it with button also more smarter a.i pls cuz the ai is kind of an idiot here soo please fix ok ill love it! 👍👌
Darren Oudshoorn : Awesome game! Graphics are great, soundtrack isn't annoying, you can even create your own level!
Laura T : This is a genius well done puzzle game. Very fun to play and the little robot is cute. Lol, I unintentionally trapped the robot under one of the steps you can move and he made a crunching sound....... he ok. 😃😄
A Google user : niceeeeeeeeeeeeee game. It is a very attractive one. Hi I am from COLLEDGE MORE, , west bengal , bankura , India it is nice to play nice game great graphics i like the game very much . it is nice to play in free time ang getting recovered from boredom . its levels are nice and increases the thinking capabitity of the brain
Kreaper Mane : Mekorama is a Wonderful lil' Puzzle Solving Game with Beautiful Enriched Graphics and a Cute Cast of Robot Characters. It's Fun for All Ages! I Highly Recommend this Game. Especially if You're a Fan of The Puzzle Genre.
Dr. Priyanka Lokhande : Absolutely phrnomenal gaming experience. Martin Magni knows how to grip the gamer to the game. You get to do some light-heavy brain exercise and this game is has incredible graphics and interfaces. Has been great to play and seeing the Bot go in level 50 I felt really sad. Thanks Martin Magni.
Dave Ade : Very interesting game..I already like {C☆}..I think he is quite a cute little robot and the music tone of the game is very soothing.I think everyone can play the game..they just need to be in the right mindset. Thank you💯🤍🖤💜🤎...although plz if u would just add more characters or more colour skins to the robot...Thank u!!!
George Andronache : It's an unique 3D maze game where you can interact with the environment. Also wonderful textures! 5 🌟 for the idea and gameplay. Thank you developer!
A Google user : I think it's a great game and I love the building aspect of the game one cing do I'll be better if it had a straight angle of view on top and from the side and illumination over all is great .
Ru'mi Rumi' : Enjoyed every single level , it is really a 3d puzzle game different from the regular one found everywhere. Amazing work hoping to see more similar themed games from you , amazing !
Sumit Lahiri : It is fantastic... really good theme and few levels require real intelligence... moreover it also helps you making your own leaves... really good game.....
Charlotte Halstead : Lovely app to spend some time with in quarantine! I grew quite fond of the little fellows. Heck, I even came to like the electro executioners. Well done and very entertaining.
Sadaf Malik : Elders can play with little ones easily and yet its not too boring neither easy. Each stage is a good challenge.
Jack Bryant : Fun logical puzzles, great graphics, controls are very easy,. Fun for all to play. Thanks!
lekan otubu : Interesting and engaging. most levels are easily completed once you get the hang of it.
JACK .H : Great and wonderful. Full of colors, music and interaction. Great puzzles and easy for pasing some time.
Soulfan_YT : It is good and all but can you please add maore maps because there are just 50 they are challenging but please add more but thanks for this game you could even build your own map..
Dinesh Naik : First few levels were good, but later on we stuck at a point and there is no option of getting hints as well. We need to pay for the hints.... After paying you feel you are not satisfied with it....
Himansu Bhoi : The game play needs improvement. When you try to move the wheel the surrounding starts rotating. And the game is buggy. Kindly fix this.
Min : I love this game! There is an adventure in every new level and exciting. But the problem is the bot use to stuck in lvl 41. Pls fix this. The bot can't enter the hole.
prasanna silwal : Very intresting and fun to play also it helps us to build different types of level. Not only these it helps to generate idea.
Artistic World : Really good game ! I love it . The gameplay is also very nice . It is really a brain tester . I love making my own levels rather than playing the levels of this game . But it's still awsome !!! Love it so much . Thanks for making it
Ashish Clifton : Absolutely Amazing!!! Brilliant Concept, Superb Graphics, Addictive Gameplay. Best Game for Analytical Reasoning and Problem Solving.
Chrystian Joel Pabale : Played this with my aunt when she was still alive. Reminds me of the times when my aunt asks me for help whenever she gets stucked on a level. Love this game because of that, and also because it's just a really darn good game overall.
Julian Whittlinger : I love this game, but getting QR codes in a bit tedious. I think it might be better if you could upload levels through the app, like fancade. Please consider maybe? I would like to upload my own levels.
Elmer Sison : The sounds are relaxing and the game itself is like a fun brain training puzzle. Great for passing time!!
Âñkúsh kúmâr : Everything is good untill........😄😄 Dont worry i'm not gonna write some imperfection because this is perfectly perfect but the thing is that it become easy for me...i had completed all the levels in just 5 days so if u will pls add some more level in it then this app will become worth again for me🤗
Anju Jain : Breathtaking. Most amazing puzzle game i haver ever played in my life. Most amazing levels this game is the integrity of some of the best developers in the world. Very well done guys.
Usama Rasheed : It is a nice game worth giving a try. Graphics and controls are awesome wiith trickier levels and mind consuming play strategy.
Amartya Bhaumik : Excellent game. No ad s. Bug free. Clean application Super smooth Game play is nice with excellent graphics. I am happy. I like the game as l progress. 👍🏻👍🏻
Megh Sharma : Loved it!! Absolutely Delightful. Clean UI, No Ads, Pay as you want, Beautiful music. Great work all in all. Happy playing :-)
Irfan S, A : Aggressive ads. It put ads even before the game saved the progress, with different device setting, it will reset the game after the ads, that needs you to redo the supposedly solved puzzle.
Eren Wayne : Really good game with really creative puzzles that always keeps you engaged and doesnot forces itself to be a difficult puzzle game but rather a clever puzzle game.
Caroline Chambers : Brilliant game! Loving the absence of ads!! FINALLY a game with great graphics that is genuinely puzzling & enjoyable. Developers - I salute you!
Hanuman Bhakti : This is a amazing puzzle game(cute Bots, nice Graphics, soothing background music) that you not only play but you can also make your own mekorama levels & you can also post your levels in mekorama forum website... (It makes me feel happy :)
Denise Lee : Robot is adorable. Very interesting and challenging logic game. No glitches. Very enjoyable and quite addictive. Love it.
Camil Séguin : The game's pretty neat but with the touch controls can be a bit hard to pin point where you want your character to go.
A Google user : It is a great game with different level and the best thing is that we can make our own levels And it is too cheap also it is the best puzzle game I have ever played. I loved it😍😍😘😘😘
Rajkumar Das : It is a very good game under 20 mb , high quality graphic good control systems but some glitches are there 1. In few cases robo was dont go where i locate . 2. In coustom i dont make 2 yellow robo(it is not a bug)
Helen Strand : Excellent for the whole family. No ads, no annoying music or interruptions, no hidden purchases for my kids to avoid. A polite option to support the developer. ALL kid-friendly aps should be like this!!
ATR LEL : It is excellent in every way. Controls are not frustrating and for a graphics like that,it should not be free
Smita Nigam : It's a totally mind blowing game 🎮. So good graphics and controls and also very challenging levels. I love this game very much.
mathu kopal : Hello dear martin First i have to thank you for a such a wonderful game... And i really likes the way u did... No annoying ads.. And the payment method its big change from the others... I paid what i can now... I hope in the future i will pay little bit more.. Honestly ur work deserves that... We looking more games and apps like this.. Huge thumbs up for u....
Kyle Cross : I played this game when it first came out and the community then, and since has always been wonderful. It's a quick little solo play puzzle game with innovative features, and when you get into the community levels it'll only get better.
Kymberly Clayton : We can't afford the game, but I promise if we had the money I would definitely buy it for my 5 yo severe autistic grandson.. This is one of his favorite games... Not sure if he's playing correctly but he can build his little honey off...😍😍
Sushant Kumar Bunty : There is a problem in seeing the whole dimension because of that I have to play some level by just plain assumption. Like in level 9 Temple Of Athena. You must add a full maneuverability of the whole scene in that level otherwise there will be a whole lot of assumption
Valdez Gutiérrez Jesús Armando : It's a really simple and extremely polished puzzle game, and when you finish with the main ones, the community has you covered Definitely recommended
Ankita Singh : Game is truly challenging and mind boggling but level 41 is not working.. Please fix it as soon as possible because I want to end this challenging game.
fortnite player bot : its a very good game. pritty clean. i spend most of my time making levels for my friends. my only problem is the small amount of levels.
Hecate202 : The game is basically unplayable. It wouldn't register when I tapped the screen except for the pause button, and even then, that only worked a few times.
A Anonymous : This is a truly enjoyable game. It is adventurous and causes one to use one's mind. This game seems to improve one's mental ability to solve problems and improve one's understanding and patience.
W Wesso : Great little app packed with awesome levels this deserves a 11/10. The only issue i have is with the camera angle, at some points i can't see jack *, but it works. Thanks for an awesome game
A Google user : first of all adorable character, second it's fun entertaining unpredictable mentally challenging but not stressful and overall a good brain teaser. I recommend this game to anybody.
Arka Roy : Awesomeness, I am in search for such game. Will surely purchase. Currently in amidst of corona epidemic. Let me start earning again.😷 until then thanks. The in game sound is very soothing as well the game play. Not typical puzzle game rather fluid.
Atin Mankotia : Most innovative and out of the mainstream game ilI have ever played. A must for both puzzle solvers and creators. This is such a treat.
Mo Gosh : I like the little character. Its movements are realistic enough to generate a surprising amount of empathy. Some of the solutions are tough, and some surprising. I love that.
Mohammed Haniff : The best things in life are unexpected, this game is one of them, no ads, flawless gameplay and great levels.
Sashank Chandrasekar : This is the type of game that goes unnoticed when it shouldn't! It is so awesome - it's one of the best games I've ever played and downloaded on my device - that I've literally played for so long I don't even notice the time passing. Definitely must download!
Nikki E : Love these types of games. Gotta use your brain to get thru the levels. Nice job! No ads is the best part of it all. They are SOOOO irritating. Thanks!
BJBhuyan : Its a very intresting game made for genius... Those who things he/she is a genius can try this game... But I'm sure that he/she can't complete 25 level....🙄🙄 So its my recommendation to try this game and those who going to try this game best of luck....🤓👍👍👍
Jean Malgapo : I can't say anything negative... Really. I love how quirky and fun it is. I get flustered each time I try a new level. Some of the puzzles remind me of the stuff from Alundra or Wild Arms back in the day... Whooooheeee what a ride!
Preyas Patel : A vefy immersive experience and best game for mental exercises. Every level have different logic and a different experience.
master_of _Action : This is an incredible puzzle game with lots of fun puzzles though a few rely on reflexes instead of puzzle solving and one is puzzle is just wrong the rest just pure fun to figure out
Tealc Chan : Its fun. I absolutely love how cute the robot is. The puzzles are really good too.Thy make you think. I can't NOT leave a review after getting to level 22😆😆😆
Richard Lee-Buxton : I haven't had such an engrossing game since Lemmings. Graphics and controls are simple but brilliant.
JOYSON BRIAN DCUNHA : I like this game . It is so relaxing and one of the bests for time pass. It also helps you think. Graphics are also so good. I play this game when im bored and it helps me refresh.
Tina Boyce : I absolutely love games that present a bit of a challenge, have great graphics, and logic in the gameplay... this game has it all!! *****
sambhav jain : This game shows everyone how even a silly mission to reach a spot by a cute little robot can be so interesting. Looking forward to more versions :)
Tashim Billah : I just finished all the level in less than 12 hours 😅 without hint (maybe because the covid19 at my country and yeah you know the conditions) and I enjoy the game. No ads but you must donate first to use Hint and sometimes the app ask you for a donation. It's just fine for me.
Himal 2005 : It's the best puzzle game ever. I love this game so much thanks Martin for making this game. I have completed the game. It was so tricky 🤣.50 levels and waiting for next update.
Pankaj Joshi : it's an awesome game . I like spending time on playing it , but the only fear i have is that what will I do when all levels will be completed . i request the developers to create more versions of this game . thanks for reading !
Ultra Gaming Master : I love this game. Simple yet hard, challenging but relaxing. I love making my own levels and trying other peoples levels. If i had money, i would donate some. 10/10 totally recommend
Alok Roy : great app, great graphics, awesome gameplay One can enjoy it without paying anything. no ads make it must try. i would like to have more games like this. i appreatiate. i support
Ethanol_Oats : At first I thought it was a simple puzzle game with wonky game physics. Now I know why, since it will later be a part of another puzzle. Brilliant.
Aayushi Ramakrishnan : I love this game very much, it helps you think smarter in a way... I also love that this game takes up less space and also works offline while providing such amazing animation and design
A Google user : The game has a good ramp in difficulty. Controls are simple. Graphics are great. Really enhoy this game
QuantumX Official : Absolutely fantastic game.you can create your own levels or complete challenging levels. It is a good game for mind development.
Farzana Farhath : A really fun and well designed game... No lags, no glitches, no crashes, etc...Great for all age groups.
NAVEEN VENKATESH.G : I have played lots of mystery solving games but this one is the best of all and the size of the game was also too low. I enjoy playing this game. Best time passing game with increasing the IQ level
Tim Sandoe : Mekorama is a calming game. I use it to help me with feelings of anxiety or depression. It's a unique little platformer/puzzle game and I think if you give it a try, you might enjoy it. Have a nice day :)
Seshadrinathan.K : Just had a great but sometimes frustrating time but mekorama is just the perfect low storage game with great graphics and neat gameplay.
Arjun P P : Very intresting game, its one of the best maze games i have ever played. It elevates u like while playing rusty lake games , just that its a lot more easier and nice. I hope the developer would soon add more interesting levels to the game soon
Boros : Good game concept. Pathetic character control. The character moves like a drunkard. You never know which path he would take to reach destination point.
Jennifer Lee : this is the third time i'm installing this cute game. Never bored with it. Quite challenging and mind cracking. Have always loved these kind of puzzles....Keep it up Martin! Thanks!👍🏻
Infant Jerosin : awesome and real tricky game. its real tough to cross levels after completing 25th level. I suffered a lot and had lots of fun in this game amd even we can create levels i thats what i like more in this game.Thank u martin for creatimg such a beautiful game
Angege :D : Love the game. Challenging and it makes you think. Love the graphics and style and the characters are cute. You can also make your own levels.
Maribel Ibrahim : Great alternative to Monument Valley. Fun puzzles and interesting solutions. Controls sometimes elusive, but great game and cute robot!
ADITYA KOPARKAR : Very brilliant game in such at low space 3d graphic , puzzle , ect Keep it better than now in future and add multiplayer in it so we can enjoy with our friends.....
Little Mr. Me : I do enjoy the style and gameplay, but stopped playing after a while since it got frustrating and annoying after a while.
gdecou32 : What a cute game with delightful animation and really makes you think to solve spatial puzzles! Very well designed!!
SERIOUSLY INFINITY : I really like this game.This game is really addictive. difficult to cross some levels but I love a concept of this game. Where I can design my own level And I can play levels created by people. This game never ends
Goran Đoreski : Pure pleasure. Fun and logical game, free but no commercial. Feels a bit retro. I have not see better and more honest game in years. i will go give donation to developer now. Get a game and then be a nice person - pay.
Santhosham T : it's a great game for thinkers and puzzle solvers and who will play just for fun so i fully support this game so if u want to install this game it's great 👍u can installl! 👌I m so proud that to tell i completed all the levels exept the 49th level it's really worst traffic NOTE :u can change the camera angle in settings
SUDHIR BISWAS : Awesome sensibilities and aesthetics. Magni really gets the sense of toying associated with puzzle games. Love the level editor as well.
Gouri Shankar Sahu : Ok good good game but I have 2 big problem aout this game : 1. I don't like the red man it didn't allow us to go ahead it is like a wall 😡😡🙅🏿‍♀️ 2. We can't rotate 360 degree in the levels building we can only move it 4 sides.😔😔 Please fix all of those things
A Google user : it's somuch fun and relaxing and those puzzles are so beautiful especially the ability to make your own map ... i think i wont uninstall it forever.
Iris Paul : It's a nice mind blowing puzzle game and i like ut very much. Makes us to think in a different way to solve each puzzle.
Joel Jophson : It's really cute I loved the puzzle they are easy and you can further levels without paying too which is rare to find across in games these days.
VFX BY GABE : This is a very nice game, it has nice graphics, interesting puzzles and all that in 4.3 mb. Honestly it's the best puzzle game I have ever played.
Magical Kitty : tricky but fun. love the look of the puzzles, robot is so cute plus the pay what you can or write a review for a free hint. Thst is a great idea. Recommend this to try.
Sat : There are a million games in Play Store. But this one is so special and unique. My friends often got bored of any games play. Until this one came along. Its a must try for all ages. You will go nuts in somelevel. Totally worth it.
Lingam Raju : It's a creative game with a very cute little robot for which we have to clear the maze and With very interactive design . Thinking and fun, Ideal for children.
Madhab Bhaskar7 : this game is f..n awesome.level 14 convinced me that its more than a game,the strategy you use in level 14 would be enough to ensure your IQ is above 100.it didnt take me more than 10min to get the strategy and feel proud to cross that stupid friend!!Moreover this game is the best of best in only 5mb.just look at the game,the graphics and animations.....and especially the puzzles are by far too awesome.this game would improve your IQ if you play it.i apreciate the developers as well for d game
Bryan Reyes : I am just confused. I already donated some cash to this app with this same google account. I uninstalled it ang changed my phone then re-installed it. Now its asking me to donate again? hmmm sketchy. Good game though. perfect for passing the time while making ur brain work.
Everyone Jaeger : Overall an amazing app. Very fun to play, stuff gets harder everytime and makes it fun and challenging to play. Deffinetly would recommend.
Robert Jiang : I love the style and idea of this game, but the level design is just boring and atrocious. Who though an uncontrollable guy who just functions to walk back and forwards to slow you down was a good idea?
A Google user : I Love puzzle games like this, and this game deserves 5/5 the controls are easy to understand and the colorful graphics makes this a great game
SYLVIA CORDOVA : This game great. But they make no allowances for people who have not only paid for the game but even paid more than they were asking for. I guess they are only interested in collecting money no matter how they get it. No matter how many times they charge you. Money grubbers
Purnojyoti Paul : The best game which opens our brain and let us remember every proverb. Like where there's a will there is a way!Really awesome game. Everybody try it who are not so intelligent also try it.it will increase ur iq.it teaches us to keep our brain calm and cool.i am proud that there is such intelligent person to create this game.please play the game.
Light House : Good brain challenge. Nice game. If you could make with a treasure hunt or some sort of adventure it would be better.
Terminator : I have no words how much i like the game i download this game just because it looks different but its also interesting, challenging and you can also make your own levels . Thank you for making this game Good job Keep it up
Melissa Fortier : So far it's very fun but the way you get hints is annoying to a extent. Other than this it's been challenging but fun.
Eiji Zerb : I think there was a problem: it restart my progress to go back in Level 1 in play levels, in make levels: all the level titles are copied and glitchy. Please fix the game and I will rate 5 stars 😀👌👍👍: Also I will install again ;)
Two Eye : A refreshing game with a really cool "card" system where each level is stored on a card. You can make levels and then share the card with your friend. And you can collect cards from your friends.
Sai Dharshan Shan : Not addictive, but perfect for playing for short time. I hate games which makes u feel so addictive and cannot do any other work. This game helps me relax inbetween work!
Evelyn Rose : Great little puzzle game, love the physic mechanics used. Only just started the game today, hence not full 5 stars. Will need to get further into the game.
Tushar : This is my all time favourite game. I completed the game many times and i always have this with me. The music the robo the structure the levels the eye of robo everything every single thing is best.
039_FATHIMA SAJA S : It is challenging and more interesting to solve it..now I'm getting addicted to it.. just loved the game , such an amazing graphics ! :)
PRABHAT KUMAR BISWAS -54 : This game is mindblowing,amazing and fantastic. This game needs very intelligent mind that can clear the Stages. This makes good understanding and it contains so many difficult riddeles. Thanks for reading my opinion.
arina amerah : Very interesting and mind twisting solving game that is great to exercise the brain to think for the way out. Loving it and supporting all the games that are like this.
Khushal Gupta : Much interesting and brain killer game. Many stages take up much brain to solve. Many forced me to watch solution on youtube. But overall is nice. I am waiting for stages updates. I have cleared all
Calcium Bromide : Very fun and challenging game. Gets you thinking but isn't impossible. Seldom ads and fun, unique levels.
Adam : Good graphics! Starts of nice, getting progressively harder, but before long the game starts asking you to pay continuously - unfortunately uninstalled.
Street Jesus : Its a brilliant game with crazy details and puzzle if you have a amoled or oled display it looks so much sharp you can't believe this its only 5-6 mb , if i could i would pay for the game , download the game and if you can please donate something thank you.
Madhu Sahu : Good game and very much interesting. I have some suggestions 1.you can make more levels built in game 2.you can add more blocks on build section and on the game also 3.you can add new window called online in which players can download play and share the puzzles made by them Thank you for reading And hope that will help.
Jessica Johnson : I absolutely love this game, it's filling my game void from finishing tiny robots,which I loved too. This is great, I keep looking to see how many I have left. I'm about half way thru. Make more pleeeease!
Wanderer Reece : It's a really fun game with a cute, little robot, and it even has a level editor. However, the level editor is kinda hard to use.
rosebudx : I seriously am in love with this game. Great time killer too! I love the challenges that each level gives you. It starts super easy so even my little cousins can enjoy this.
ratne kumar : Good game in very less storage..and there are many kind of puzzles and you can create your own puzzle or level..and it is a offline game.
Sammy Hanafi : Complete with lots of levels, smooth graphics, fitting music, and even a level maker, all under 5 MB! If I could donate I would!
Sandra Sunil : It's extremely cool, relaxing and tricky game. You'll fall in love with the character. It's extremely cute, all your stress vanishes with it.
ami t kumar : I am giving one star because of ad's they fall between the game and our focus on it gets over . Good game but craches also i have 4 gb ram but it lacks in game playing. I am a youtuber i wants to play the game which don't lage and crash between playing it . Graphics is good but as a YouTuber i wants to play game without ad break .
Darleen Houk : 😄 Totally awesome 👍👍👏 keeps you thinking.🤔 it looks very easy but I think it's more ✋ eye coordination because at anytime you can fall 😜 it really is worth a donation keep up the good work and yes this 🤗 grandmother gives you the ultimate two thumbs up 🤓
tyler henderson : I think it's an amazing game! From the music and the sounds it records after u move the character is genius! Very therapeutic btw.
dinesh sharma : Amazing bro Martin . U have given great feel to us. If it can be changed to in to action game . It will break all records. Graphics and themes are out of the box. Alot of love.
Lucas Catelli Mariani : Beautifully crafted visuals and creative use of screen space. Simple but joyful adventure puzzle game.
Khan Talha : Its fantastic, Just incredible.. I will recommend it to you.. instead of that rubbish 2-3 gb games.. Its just 5 mb.. How the hell on this earth that is possible but martin did it.. Hats off to you bro... Incredible programming.. Incredible script.. I feel i was in some other planet... Rescuing my bot... 🙂🙂🙂
Muthusonai Karthick : Simple and great. Good brain teaser. I completed 10 levels still I didn't use the hint option. Good time killer and boost up your thinking ✌️
Dylan Dionne : This game is so much fun and very addicting, it is like a puzzle for your brain and I love how the levels are in different areas of the world. 5 stars!!!
Flatland Keeping it flatter : Cool graphics, the puzzles are to hard for this dumb-dumb, but in a good way. Control is smooth. Mike 👍
Wahidul Islam Riyad : Oh, what a game! How could you fit this huge game only in 2.5mb??!! Unbelievable! Everyone should play this awesome game. Cause, it has no limit! Just build your own levels and challenge your friends!
Henang Solanki : It's been fun playing out tricky puzzles. Really addictive and was just hoping for few more levels but overall was awesome to play.
Ogheneruese Okotie : Amazing.. my favorite puzzle game of 2020. I applaud your creativity, how you generate the music from the players movement is very impressive. Great Game.
Daan : The whole game is just awesome. At the beginning it looks very easy, but they get harder and harder. One of the best games I played. Ever♥️
Taylor Clark : It's Great!! Nice graphics, cool interface. Easily one of the best 3d puzzle games I've played.
A Google user : Fun little game with a variety of puzzles to get your mind working. The art style is nice and the music is relaxing.
Jaslynn Yoon : This is such an amazing game to play ! I loved it the day I downloaded it , I didn't think it was a good game at first but when I saw the number of levels and the "create your own levels" , I was glad I took a look at this game . 5 stars , wish I could do more but Google Play isn't letting me . I recommend EVERYONE to try this game.
Barasa Hellen Hellen : Wow! This is the ultimate brain booster puzzle!!! Yet not boring and has good graphics. Helps you thiiink and improve your mental ability. Thanks to Martin Magni for "MEKORAMA".
Tony Allen : Fantastic game, well thought out and looks amazing. Well worth a look and one I'll happily play for hours The level editor is such a good addition.... Not used it yet as I've only just discovered it. 5/5 for mekorama
comicreader Book : This is really a master piece A good graphics 3d puzzle game Where we can make our own level also I recommend everyone to play this game When they feel to do some brain exercise 5 star for this .
Shashi Kant Sharma : Very interesting puzzles. Graphics is good. All the levels are different in their own ways.
E DiAngeles : Puzzles are mostly trivial... The challenge is the ui and visibility. You will get nautous after a while rotating the 3d models over and over trying to make out some path. Sound is also horrible, apparently by design to make you feel immersed with zappy robot.
Komal chaudhary : It's a very good game.... I love it a lot. When I played it first time I thought that this is boaring... After completing 6th level I found it more interesting... I was so curious to reach the end.. And I won the game😊🥰
Adesh Choudhar : Needs lot of patience and control to this game . Simple, charming but brain-challenging game. Completed all the levels.
mahender kumar : Nice puzzles in the games.I liked the game but I need some improvement in the game. That is when we make our levels there is limited world size. PLEASE MAKE THE WORLD SIZE VERY BIG. PLEASE!!!!. ALTHROUGH,NICE GAME AND PUZZLES.
¡ : Mr. Martin Magni, I just wanna say that you've created a fantastic masterpiece and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to my friends. If I ever had one. Lol. Anyways, this is the best puzzle game I've played so far so, good job.
Soham Dutta : Excellent game... the art,the level design, the character animations- it's brilliant.A very satisfying game to play.
Muhammad Khan : This puzzle game is amazing! Sometimes I get frustrated with some of the levels, but that is the main purpose of the game. Rest of the stuff is great ! I really recommend this game 👍
Panji Martiandaru : Cute graphics. Simple but challenging gameplay. Not for those who don't have much patients.
Jeremy P. Gunawan : Very challenging but rewarding to finish that one pesky level. No ads. Pay what you'd like.
Jim W : I've wanted an app that I could make fun game levels with but not have to do too much programming. This app lets you do that with ease.
FS20ME050 :- AYUSH WADILE : Wow what a game I really enjoyed this game. I like it. I completed 48 levels .out of 50 it's really very nice and cute. We can also build many levels. So guies please try it.
Cole Castille : fun puzzling game amd kinda funny too. i wish the camera to look aorund the puzzle was not locked in 90 degree intervals but free orbit. other than that its a great game
Suchitra Hegde : OK simple best graphic game. But there is no more cards. And also I needed some more robo character. Thank you for this wonderful game. I like it. I have shared to my friends this game.
Luca Gubernati : Game is ok. Puzzles are quite easy and doable. The real challenge is to fight the unprecise cumbersome tap/drag system.
DanyTPG : The developer keeps begging you for money. There is also a rare bug where if 2 NPCs get to a corner at the same time from 2 sides they keep headbanging each other and get stuck not being able to progress their ways which forces you to restart the level
Sudarshan Thombare : Very very good work. Love the concept and love the game overall. Graphics and movements are great.
Super Princess Celena : Awesome! I would definitely pay you for the game, but I can't right now. I don't know if it is my emulator or what, but the game music is so distorted it even sounds eerie. Do you have an idea about what could have happened?
Pinky Jain : I love this cute Mekorama. The way this robot walk is so funny. Awesome game and superb graphics!!! Plus it doesn't ask you to pay for anything. You can pay as much as you want. Please make more games like this 😊
Banita Mallik : It's very good but some confusen have in this game.robot is very funny control is good but not fully move what i want and one more thing is good that we can zoom.I do not see this game before. Very good game but not for children please download it. Good mind free game.
Puppet Plays : I love this game but can you make it so we can see everything because sometimes it super annoying when I have to go somewhere I cant even see but other than that amazing game with NO adds
zael wond : Absolutely loved it!!!! Great game, new concepts are introduced slowly so you get used to it. Can play without internet. Made my nights. Thank you! Love love love!
Ignacio Lima : Pretty fun, but annoying and tedious at times. Also the message asking for donations every time you do something gets very annoying.
Venkata Sai balaji Sattaru : Hints should be given for some levels instead of pay and take method. Otherwise it becomes too tough for clearing some levels like lv 19 robo valley . Coming to game it is the best game i have ever seen from my childhood under 10 mb
Rick : Addicting with great graphics. Wish the image could be rotated to any position rather than predetermined spots.
Michelle Borlor : An undo and redo button would be nice and it would be nice to keep the field straight rather than being in isometric.
Jetlash .B : A great game but the 'make your own level' feature could do with some work. Other than that, the game's splendid.
Abhishek Suresh : It is good puzzle game and its graphics is nice. It is a very tricky game and we wnt to burn our heads in the harder level to solve the puzzle
Austin Draper : Great design with some cool levels. Though some are borderline unplayable and the controls are finicky
todd manetta : It's a great game. Pretty hard to complete (I'm stuck on 2 levels) I love they way it quantizes your moves into a tune.
Nafim Tawhid : Very nice game.The little robot is so adorable. It walks like a toddler. The game starts with easy levels but gradually it gets hard,which will make you think👌
Eric Lambley : Good game, too many ads. When they say occasional ad they mean after each level. Yes they are short ads but very repetative
Josh Briggs : I dig this game! Relaxing 3-D puzzles with a tiny robot. No issues so far,so thanks for a simple yet entertaining game.
Ray Solomon : engaging puzzles that make you expand your problem solving skills. Giving 5 stars no bugs so far and every level is better than the last.
Akshat Kumar : I could have given more than 5 stars as the game has even more fun as compared to its size.I really appreciate the developer to make this game which also includes a bit of brain exercise. Moreover this game is offline and add free!!😊😉
Milan Joe Varghese : Very challenging. But everyone must try this one. needs lot of brain work . Anyway i love it . Well done developers . i like the movements of that little buddy .
dave kenny : Meh! didn't find it too interesting. I mean there's only one spot the robot can ever move to, so you just keep clicking on different locations and eventually you click on the right one and he goes there.
Paul Hooper : Amazing little puzzle game with the cutest tiny robot you've ever seen..... But why can my granddaughter clear levels in seconds when it takes me hours??!!! LOL!!
Victoria Mhuru : Xoxo💖💝 I love this game the little robot is so cute .at first it was easy but now it getting a bit challenging in every level but anyways it's a really fun game to play.Good job to the developers. And to you who is reading this review download this game it's worth it👌👌👌👌
zeel patel : truly good game difficulty increase at every level new way and new concepts to solve puzzles truly loved this game i hope developer will create part 2 for this with better puzzles and new concept great effort by martin magni hope so in future we will see a better popular game by you
Balasubramanian Krishnamurthy : Nice game. Makes us think. Logical and interactive. Simplistic music and very good graphics.
Carl Francis Semambo : This was a very enjoyable experience. It really engages your brain. I found my self at 3am in te morning trying to find a solution to a puzzle. To the developers;well done
Siaosi Takayawa : The best detailed mobile game that's very fun and has interesting puzzles all of which r simple yet if u do not look at it properly u will be stuck. In all its a very good game that deserves more than a 5 star review
Ankit Garg : This is a tricky game where you have to play 50 level by level a smart person can solve these puzzle. Puzzle is not so hard but this game can change your mind set . I think you have to try this game
Tejas Goyal : Totally new concept, mesmerising graphics and negligible size make it a must- play. Requires decent iq.
Saravana Kumaran : Wonder full puzzle game. All the levels in the game are awesome. Best part is players can build their own puzzle.
Rono Lubin : Amazing little puzzle game. It's awesome what someone can create with "simple". Great game! I love it!
Atikah Abu Samah : Mekorama is addictive game for me. But it's to hard when there is no hints, please improve this game.. Maybe free hints or every pass level we will get hints.. Just my opinion.. Thank you..
Hitgove : It's a really good puzzle and everything is completely free. You can only pay if you want to support the developer. Respect
Zay Htet : Even the game is simple. The cute graphic and puzzle are interesting to play and spend the leisure time.
Rachna Gupta : I think that every one should play this game it's a mind catching game we have to search way for reaching end point we can make our own level and we can play it even though if our level is OK by the game maker every one can play it .So at last I want to say that every one should play makoramaàaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
Robby Jr : Love this game! I had this game in the past .I have a Galaxy Note 10 and for what ever reason the game is not playing on a full screen. If anyone can help with this issue, I would greatly appreciate it. THANKS FOR YOUR TIME!
jas per : I'll ive been searching for this game in years, I kept typing nekorama thinking it was the name of the game but turns out one letter could make a large difference, it's because of my misspelling that I couldn't find this game.
Shaima Shakib : I like it cuz it has some really challenging levels and its fun and the graphics are really nice too .. the music choice is soothing as well 😍
Sirojest Khwairakpam : Best puzzle game ever with low download size, excellent graphics, good controls .... I love everything about this game ... I appreciate you Martin magni for your work and keep it going ...
James Dykstra : This game is fiendishly clever. The puzzles are a frustrating challenge that are hard to put down. The app is well thought out and executed.
vaibhav rangari : Thanx to developer. Being of only 5 mb ,it is very good game and editors choice also .best thing of this game is that ,we can create levels. And I love the bacground music too. 😊
Yash Khedkar : Very good game. It increases our level to think and solve very hard and interesting levels. May the most people should play this game.
Rohit Karunakaran : Love the Game deserves 5 stars. The controls arent smooth but i think it is like that so that the game is challenging...
A Google user : Controls are wonky. Often doesn't do what I want it to. Overall just a frustrating experience.
Souvik Dey : nice puzzles and graphics is also amazing. like the concept where one can create their own puzzle. :)
SHAIK AYAAN : I absolutely loved this game and even if you have finished the story mode game then you can go to master and play the other people's map and the best thing is I can build my own map but I had a doubt after I make the map will other people be able to see and play my map, can the creator of this game answer my doubt?
Suresh Ramachandran : its a cute game with good challenges. i have so far found them not too tough which suits my appetite and the stages i finished didnt take a lot of time so the game seems to be an excellent time pass
Dee Jay : Brilliant creation by a solo developer. @Martin Magni, you really inspired me to think out of the box. Spent money for the first time on any app. Giving 5 stars, Keep up the good work!!! Consider it as a little reward from my side to worth your efforts and admiration on your talent of creation.
sinu binu : Nice game. Best in free time. If you think levels are hard...no problem you can create your own level. 10,000 thanks to martin mangi and team
Nishant Bandre : I loved the game too much. Martin Magni has made the best logical game. The levels are difficult and make much fun. And yes, the character is too cute. Thanks Martin Magni.😊😊😊😊😊.
Leunamme Togy : I really like the game! its really cool and challenging!! But now i created my own game and i want to send this to Martin Magni! So that he/she can play my game the he will add it to the main levels.... so that mekorama will grow further!💪
Dibas Behera : Adorable game, nice cute character👶. Ever expanding and logical game. Easiest way to get new levels. Would like to 3000 stars but here only 5 are available.
Naufal Fajran Nelfandi : Such well coded game. Small size. Intuitive. And you can make your own level, amazing. You can download level made by someone, wow
Daniel Brand : It's refreshing to see a free game of this quality COMPLETELY 100 PERCENT AD FREE!! Because there wasn't the annoyance of ads I donated $4 to the creator! Thank you! Great game!
Dusan Jakovljevic : Great game for relaxing just download and try it you won't regret it. I love it and the fact that you can make your own levels and play other people's levels just adds so much more to it. One of the best games for your phone.
MercuryGlider : Pretty good game, it's just that later levels are more of rinse and repeat till it works instead of actual puzzles.
Abel Saji : It was a good thought provoking game that can make a person think in many ways it is one of the great game i downloaded every games don't impress me so fast it was a great experience with mekaroma thank you🌹 so much for a good gaming experience
Vivek Maurya : It is a very interesting game in low mb for the person who really like to solve problems and puzzles. This game has a lot of fun, every level has an interesting problem and twists. The best feature of this game is that we can also make levels in this game. I have seen a lot of games but it is most interesting. Loved tooo much . I want to rate it more than 5 stars but I can't so ★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡♡
Moe Khan : Amazing and addictive. Interesting puzzles will capture young and old alike. I don't have many games on my device but this is staying!
Vicente Belchior : I really like this game, it's simple and has cool graphics! It would be cool if the camera rotation was more flexible tho!
Joyce Martin : This is a out the box puzzle game, hay what can I say life is a little puzzling sometime this game can be very helpful to help you use the mind (whats in your thinking skills set) this is the game to get if you enjoy puzzles & RPG's
Josa Rayos : This game is so cute,addictive and funnn!!! Yey, i really like this game. Every levels are exciting and thrilling and plus the mini robot is cute! Thanks for creating this fantastic game! I highly recommend it to everyone;)
Phil Hatchard : Lovely game but a shame purchases to go ad free can't be added to the family library. I'd rather pay a bit more for one hit for the whole household than have to pay per person.
ProphetNDC : This is a beautiful relaxing game. It's puzzling and challenging and at the same time incredibly calming and easy going. Love the music, love the game.
Prasunamba Susarla : Superb game. I like this game very much. Please send new updates to our Brilliant players. I already finished Master levels upto 35 levels. I didn't get any new updates from now. Please send new updates.
Charise Walraven : Awesome game! The robots are so cute! And the puzzles are hard enough to be challenging but not too hard to get past
Coq Suqer : This was a fun game, a lot like Monument Valley, I'm always looking for games similar to that. Only 4 stars because the popups asking to financially support the dev got really annoying.
FŪTÚRĒ ÃIR MĀRSHÄL : this is good game but some levels cannot be cross. There was a mistake in those levels. ,30 and 19 level can't be cross
B Schofield : The game is mind numbing with a little challenge to it which is good. Badgering for donations constantly to pay for the game is irritating. Charge for the game or quite asking...the last update was in May 2016.
Jason Burgess : Like it a lot, graphics are fluid and the little bod has a lovely movement. I will pay money maybe when I have played more.
Nifra Zumzum : great game... I've got only one problem the game needs a view of looking through the doors in the game and needs an aerial view... other than that the game is just awesome!!!
Roger Camargo : It's really a great game, it has great graphics, good levels, cute robot and believe it or not... Free. Amazing.
Spy Op : I completed the game...i felt like it finished very soon.Hope you guys will add more levels. More interest obstacles that make the game a little more tough.. Good luck guys..
Aloke Paul : This game is so awesome that it can even open the brain of a dull man! Its very interesting n children must play it for their IQ test. Its an offline game n i request the developer of the game to make more levels. Thank u
JAINENDER KUMAR : Amazing Game.. With Amazing levels .. thanks "Martin" for making such a lovely game.. I wish to play many more such exiting games.. and also waiting for new version of Mekorama.. 👍👏 sorry.. because I can't contribute enough but.. whatever I paid all for this lovely creation..
ALWIN SEBASTIAN : Favorite game ever.. I played it 3 years ago.. and now I am reinstalling it for a second run.. Its only 5 mb, that is the best part.. please make more games like this... Why the game has no updates since 2016 ?? "Odd bot out" too was an amazing game..
ZeroedOut : Excellent game, so entertaining, well worth the 3.99 for the premium, the ads just got a little annoying.
arjun sa : the best game i have played. great concept. easy game controls. great level difficulty implementation
Yuva sagar : That's the game everyone is looking for.Anyone can play this and it's so relaxing to play it there is no need to stree out to complete a level and there is no need for frustration in it.I Love it and expecting more levels from it
Verney Jim : Is very cool and satisfactory the music but there's a glitch in the game is in level 11 because if you do something wrong you get out of the puzzle.
Anas Mohammad Sheikh : Very nice game i m bored and then i make my levels example mini golf robots home and etc. But that levels that make me have much time . Please give a update and give mekorama chapter 2 . And more levels too . martin magni,mekorama is the best puzzle game ever
Neveah Rebollido : Great game, high graphics and very enjoyable! You can even make your own card(puzzle/level) the developer in this game i could say to you is that this game you've made is really awesome! Great job!
Nikhil Krishna : The game is exceptionally well done, the challenge of figuring out the next move due to the camera angles is a lot of fun.
PB at PIXEL : superb game...a simple but effective game to refresh and sharpen your brain simultaniously...also it comes with a remarkeble small size, that helps every smartphone user to save their memory space...
Parth D : Quite amazingly puzzled. Good beautiful graphics. Easy to play but grows more interest with difficulties.
Amy Ee : too cute. don't let the static picture fool you into thinking this is some low functioning low resolution game. it's not. it is smooth and detailed.
Abeer Albati : It was bery addictive.... even sometimes i want to throw MY phone because its difficulty. I love the music effects, the animation, and the robot is SO CUTE!. Can you tell me why the robot's costume had letter"B"?
wurzl snortz : this game stretched my mind to its limits,exploring the deepest caverns of my knowledge. thank you martin magni!!! i love playing because it doesnt need wifi or internet connection,because of this i can play anywhere anytime!!!!!😁😁😃😃😚
Marzuqah Marzooqa : This game is insane!! It is pretty good Soo far, I like the graphics and all the levels are excellent. The level making section makes the game more interesting 👍👍 Love it!
Divakar Bhardwaj : The game is really fun and challenging at times. The smooth controls and transitions are really good.
Tom Osborn : Really nice game. smooth graphics, increasingly challenging 3d puzzles, satisfying gameplay. Just really enjoying this
Khang Nguyen Duy : Huge respect. The game is just so smooth and relaxing, gameplay is original and flexible. Nothing to complain, one of the best. Just a question: what is Mekorama? :)
Rimuru Tempest : Everything is fine except the music and sound effects are stuttery, it's messy but it's not really affecting the gameplay
Roger Eckstrand : Simple, but deceptive. Entirely frustrating at some points, but overall a good game. Really nice graphics
Ali Baba : It's an addictive game, very good for brain exercises. It challenges you to be able to think which is pretty awesome...
Elizabeth Rose : I never go out in my own and quite a review with out being promoted, so take my word: this is a fun cute game that is good for children and even adults will find great stress reduction here. It's worth a try and a plesant surprise.
Naheen 9 : Good puzzle game.Best thing is you can create your own levels. If I would be able I would pay the highest buget available. This is my favourite puzzle game so far.keep going!
Osama Anwar : Excellent puzzle game. High quality graphics and a new take on the puzzle style. Highly recommended.
moses peter : Good game at such low storage Nice strategy!! Have to use your mind to complete the level which makes you more intelligent in problem solving.
Leonard Williams : I'm 88 and I'm absolutely hooked on mekorama now I've been into gaming all my life I even had a video and computer game shop and this is without doubt the best game I've ever played you keep going back to it thinking I will work that out which is proof of a really great game programme is just brilliant thank you so much keep up the good work len Williams in gillingham kent 26.8.21the only thing I keep trying to buy the other levels hints etc but I don't know why it wont accept my visa card sorry
Shrey : Such a great game always makes me feel happy when i play it.the app even though being free contains no adds what so ever.the game almost feels neverending as levels get harder as you complete more levels Thank you Mr.Martin Magni for making this wonderfull game.....More soundtracks would boost the experience.
Jhad Leon : This game is just brilliant. Simple graphics and simple controls. It's different from the other games I have played because this is a simple game that makes you play it over and over again.
Bala Sujith Potineni : Its a very innovative game though it doesnt look such from an external peek. You would be amazed by how many different unorthodox kinds of paths would be the solutions
TRAVELLING UNLEASHED : Amazed ! Truly amazed by the simple yet authentic seign of the gameplay and each puzzle is actually a quality puzzle to be solved !And believe me I enjoyed ot so much that I have actually complted those 50 card levels more than 3to 4times! Congo to the developer for developing such intricate and unique game!
Boodjaz : It's an awesome, complex thinking game that I had an extremely enjoyably experience playing, definitely recommend it to all that have a hunger for uniform puzzle games
Tia : The game itself is very enjoyable and the music used in it is really suitable and awesome! Playing mekorama is an amazing experience which makes me so happy! Thank you for creating this beautiful experience by working on such a game! 😊💖
DILIP PAUL : Excellent graphics, nice interface, feeling good all the time, ajd background music is good too..
Neelam Dawar : High quality graphics are very rare to find in such a small-sized game. Hats off to the developers. Please keep creating more games like this.
RAJDIP PAUL : A great game under 10mb. It is totally enjoyable and funny. One can pass his/her time by playing it .one also can make his/her own level too. I like this game most.😘😘😘😘😘....
Jason Naumann : A very fun puzzler for all ages. My 5 year old loves this game as Much as I do, and builds some pretty complex puzzles.
A Google user : a fun game that takes little memory and there are no ads. not completed yet but it is pretty simple.
Cobey Lloyd : I love it, its a great puzzle solving game and really gets you thinking and with the make your own level aspect the game is unending
Vedran Marjanovic : This game is actually super fun and peaceful to play. The music is very smoothing and very relaxing. If your looking for something to relax you this is your game.
Jasith Jay : progressive in each level, design is quite unique and if you're into solving challenging puzzles, this is it
Aditya GS : this game was beautifull,simple gameplay, good graphics yet challenging. No disturbing advertisement.
Hasna Hassen : One main thing i luv about this game is the smoothness of it. The flow of it makes it soo satisfying to play. The game concept is just outstanding. Amazing, yet underated
Ashan Tharindu : i like the game so much. i love it and it is interesting when making levels by myself. good game. please make the map size unlimited so that we can make a world ..
Ayodhya : This is the game I was looking for.. It's fun and hard at the same time. more than doing the same thing again and again it helps to think in different perspectives.And I'm adicted to the game now...
Arya Jha : really liked the game with simple graphics, brain challenging puzzles and really cute robots. Enjoying making my own levels
Sam Aleksandrov : The game is masterpiece! It gives you the opportunity to build you own levels and to play community created levels! The graphics are amazing and it is clear that the team did amazing job!
Franklin Ramos : Enjoyed by young nephew. My 4yo nephew loves the little robot, helping it navigate and finding a path to the goal. He also takes great joy in torturing the red robot by letting it fall in the water or leaving it stranded in an island.
CRUIS3R YT : I love this 🤩 game. It is very simple and easy to play. There are ads in game but not many like other games. The ai of the bot is very good. He can find a definite path wherever we point.
Robert Davey : Pretty good game. Nice graphics, and requires you to use your brain, buy not so hard you get stuck on every level.
Raj Rajeshirke : Great game. Great Concept. Good amount of brain stimulation, love it to the core. Best feature - Make your own level.
Arnav Bakkireddy : Best puzzle to play in this pandemic situation. It helped me increase iq, concentration and focus. It is also good for passing time
Harsh Karn : This is the best gaming experience I have ever had on Android. It's so clean and smooth with such an interesting gameplay. This is a much underappreciated game on playstore.
Gabriel Silva : I don't know if I get angry or laught when the robot go out the level. It's an amazing game whit a relax sound and good puzzles. The only thing that boter me is the automatic camera.
ygm Guriro : the best puzzle game ever. love it. martin magni great job. though i feel it may include more levels or worlds. but overall love it.
Jayraj Naidu : Great simple and fun It's one of a kind game where we can pay what we want and it's light in memory too. Best of all the games.plus no ads. The best
A Google user : Size doesn't matters. This is the least space eating game and i believe this tops that category. Graphics, movements, configuration... everything is realistic.
JANMESH Mistry : It is very good puzzle game because it's all level are different you won't fill that this is repeating.......and also a very very good graphic...
Reino X : The game is SO Smooooooth, it is so good, i recommend installing this, the calm music is awesome and the puzzle levels are challenging and rewarding... overall 5/5
Lindah Temp : Gorgeous graphic and clever puzzles. It has no ads but it does ask you to make monetary contribution to the designer. I guess it's only fair.
Fikriwwg 99 : Nice haha...firstly i think its just easy game but i was wrong. This game is harder than i thought, to finish the puzzle you must think out of the box...for those not install this game yet....install keti..capat...sikapai kopio...aramai kasari maini...buli negidi buat your own puzzle sendiri......
Paulo Papa : Not your usual head trainer. Like other strategy games found here, it's a trial and error but unlike the others, Mekorama also tests your patience and stress management.
Kenneth Weems : Addictive game that makes you think while having fun. Very creative. Good graphics and movement. Game has a calming affect too.
Benedict Villanueva : I love it !! it Makes my mind to think hard to find solutions that makes me happy . Also , I completed the 50 Puzzles in Three days and started to make my own levels .
Inqi Azhar Aziz : Love this game. Using AI for its control. Isometric style make me say "wow" immediately. The robot is so cute when it walks. Great job! You build up my imajination about game.
Eric Depew : Great puzzle game! A little easy for me, but the graphics and concepts are great!
Smile Smile : I cannot believe i found this game again.YAAAAAAAY,i thought i lost it.is there more than 50 cards?that is all i 👀.i hope there are more levels.glow in the dark levels would be cool.Please Keep this game on google playstore forever i want this game to stay so i can play.i give more than 5 ⭐😀🤗😁😊🌞👍👌😃🌠,Thank you for keeping the game i found it again.and offline to.
* liquidSoundWave * : This game is really relaxing and somehow cute. I love watching the little robot walk around trying to reach the exit. Its really fun and entertaining I really recommend.
Stillhaiden : Definitely one of the best games I've played. Simple yet so nice. Love the fact that you can design your own level and how you can choose how much you want to give to the creator 👍🏼
A Richardson : Amazing game: lots of cool levels, no adds, and you also get to make you own levels! Everyone get this game right now.
Lag Pro : This game i the greatest puzzle game ive ever played but i feel like there shoud be a senstivity setting for moving blocks and/the camera. But do love this game its a great type of 3d maze game.
First name Last name : Great game, must try once, other than the levels in the game, you can make levels and share them, or either play levels made by others
Jawad Aksir : So far really good!Just installed today and really loving it.A really great puzzle game and also that mini robotic character is reallyyy cute!!cant wait to explore new levels
SANJEEV VERMA : this game is very nice and decent. the music gives soothing effect to ears . this game uses both your brain and virtual senses or creativity as you have to imagine that you are in there . i love this game
Dark Ace : Mega intertainer the protagonist is silly yeah like he is drunken all the time that makes it funny but i like the gameplay and the variety of imagination. I like the skill of MARTIN MAGNI the developer .He musg have an artistic skilled and vast talent ...THANKS FOR THIS GAME.
arzo : The game is cool, but I feel like many of the puzzles are more focused on being patient than actually solving the puzzle.
Benito Dirgantara : This is the best puzzle game I've ever played. So sad the newest updated was 4 years ago. I hope you see my review Martin because i love playing this game so much like back when i was high school
Sonu Aryan : Best and super game Easy but mazes are cool awesome graphic and design easy to control Making the level and playing is more fun.
kiran verma : I like how you don't use any Ads to make money. I love this game it has a very cute robot and very good puzzles. I can't pay but still I want to support by rating this wonderful app.
Sidharth Rao : Love this game the music is cool thanks, the graphics, are cool the levels are the best , we can make our own levels l played this game for about 3 days but it all started again l had to play all levels again unfair dude l wasted my 3 days dude so unfair
C : This is the second time I have gone through this game and it was just as fun the second time. Fantastic game. Graphics are great and it is just challenging enough. One of the best games I have played!
Mohit Singh : It is really a very nice brain exercise game to play at anytime and it's background music is also very soothing. I loved it !!
Theo K : Nice puzzles. Controls are a bit problematic on some levels but overall a great game!
A Google user : Really challenging puzzles with eye soothing graphics. A unique blend of gameplay and graphics I must say.
Jay Patel : Intriguing and challenging level design. Makes you think and is very calming. Best game I have played so far.
Erik Schaefer : This game is AWESOME! It lets your imagination run wild as well as inspiring others to use their creativity! Its fun to make and play puzzling levels in this game so that is why I gave it 5 stars.
Christo Rajumon : I love this game vry much bcz it not only gives us levels to play but also the chance to make our own levels . It's so much fun to make our own levels.
S C : Fun and gets you to think. After the first puzzle, i was thinking this will get old real fast. It was too easy. Now i find myself wanting hints
Prabhjot Singh : It's one the best game i have ever played..thanks to the creator for such a simple but tough game. Loved the game for being a stress buster. Makes me feel calm..At last, i wanna say that this game is one of it's kind.
Rainey Dayz : Cutest and most challenging puzzle game I have played. Definitely not like the rest. Great job devs!
Pradeep Dias : I love this game. This is not a adventire game but yes it's a ouzzled game. Must try once u r mind will blow up finding the way for bot. u can also build u r own level with ouzzle and also u can share it with freinds and give them a try to solve it.
Amber Gilmore : Perfect balance of fun and puzzling! The little robot guy is cute and each puzzle works my brain in a different way. Absolutely love it
Sammy Lee Morgan : It was a fun and super interesting game!! I would really suggest it for anyone. The music and sound effects are really peaceful too!! Loved it😄
Lyaksandra B : If you like monument valley, give this a go. It's not quite the same, but the relaxing atmosphere and puzzle gameplay bring back the kind of feeling MV had.
Rida Ridaa : Thank you Martin Magni, I really loved this game. It's a puzzled 3d game a lot of entertainment. Also you can make your own puzzles and share with your friends. GOOD JOB!
Sharon Spencer : Simple gameplay but great fun if you like puzzles. Some of the levels still elude me.
A Google user : This game will expand a child's spatial intelligence and logic in solving 3-dimensional puzzles. I highly recommend it.
Dean Rab : Game is amazing, but Upmill Battle is broken. Robot Turn Right does not go through the doorway and spins around in an infinite loop.
Arundhathi : This is definitely an excellent game. But it has to improve a bit more to earn its 5th star. Some levels of this game requires some specific camera angle. But I don't get them
Aditya Kumar Sharma : It is the best game that i played ever . It is the best game that is playable easily . The graphic of this game is so fluent and fine .The developer is good for making easy and mind logical game . It is the game that you play but not like addict . It some part are addictable.
A Google user : Very nice game I feel so happy to play this game there are many levels in this game and some are difficult summer easy but it is interesting every level is interesting you will feel so happy to play this game right at least tried once
Ulla Taylor : love it but hate you have to pay for hints and i dont have any more things left is too hard of this gets fixed will do ☆☆☆☆☆ and if u make a good lvl that u can finish it would be great if a new lvl unlocjee!
Ayse Priatma : My son loved this game so do I. This is a brilliant job. And there is no ads which is wonderful. I hope the creator keeps up doing nice games like this. Very recommended!
Marijan Smetko : One of the best, cutest, simplest yet hardest puzzle games I've ever played. So simple and addicting! Must try
Karen Billings : This is a great game. The robot is the cutest little thing. Having a great time figuring out the puzzles. Just right for when I have a few minutes to relax. Thanks.
A Google user : This game is unbelievably amazing. Good controls. Amazing graphics. Relaxing soundtracks.
Rick Randall : Delightfully innovative, getting more challenging as you go on, but also more interesting. Kudos for the developer!
Ankur Negi : it's a very Excellent game in this format. and one thing is very surprise for me I make our many puzzle in this game. it's a low mb offline puzzle game. so why are you waiting . just download it.
wilna panagos : Such wonderful puzzles & so beautiful to look at & the little robot so cute & full of personality. Now I'm spoiled forever, I can't find another game that measures up!!
Shaik Begum : A good logic based game, the levels are well thought and made, gradually the toughness Inc, it's nice and brain tingling. Good job and congrats to the developer and the team.
VIJAYLAXMI BHANDARI : 👌It was fun playing it but it is just so sad that it only contains 50 stages +25 master stages 😟 it took me only 1 hour to finish it so i tried improve i want to give it 4 stars but 5 is better for Mr. Matin Magini i hope you create more levels in this game and improve the character .May you create more games like this.😀
Sydney Mudare : I loved this game. The graphics is good the gameplay is simple and straight forward. The puzzles are amazing
Andrew Jackson : A Brilliant Puzzle Game -- This is a fantastic and enjoyable game that will make you think, and think outside the box, too!! VERY highly recommended!! :-)
Nompumelelo Mkize : beautiful game for almost all ages including my 5 year can play with little assistance. I can recommend for everyone to try it. Great work to the creator.
Ungku Adika : superb and cute game. dont get too confident. it may seems easy at first but as you progress it be more challenging. really good to play during those free time
A Google user : This is the best game but a problem is that you can't pass many levels and sometimes even the things that they are telling us to do . But overall in other things it's the best game
Avery Moran : This game is great but it's missing some options features. There is no way to turn off the music or sound effects.
Viral Prajapati : Its an awesome games mind grooming game which is totally addless their are no adds poping up in this game which is more happening for me try it for free its worth it and it takes very less storage
Jon K : Great thinking game. Nice graphics and great mechanics. Best puzzle, thinking game in the store at this moment.
A Google user : A great time killer and brain teaser game. Also, the graphics is great and relaxing.
Chanaka Epakande : Amazing graphics despite the low space taken. Addictive and brain teasing. The perfect game! Bravo!
Sibaram Behera : This game is small but very powerful, Each level of this game is challenging and interesting. I am giving five star not only for game but also for developers talent. Very good.
Romualda Kowalewska : Amazing it has eazy levels that get harder and are challenging building can be hard but when you finish the level it's worth it
Jeyn V. : Its quite interesting how it makes me think a lot. Its not hard per say , but it definitely making my patience to work with. I like how i can make my own n share it with people too... kinda make me wonder how to be creative enough for this game too...
Devorah Simon : Great fun game to pass by the time and makes you think. Finished all the levels. Only shame that there arent more!! Would love more levels!!
Szabolcs Antal : Best game ever. No ads, no fragmented game experience! You decide how much you pay for it, which means you can pay nothing, up to you.
SCOTT MacLeod : Pretty good game and puzzles. I thought it was too easy at first until I got stuck. No ad's good fun and passes the time by nicely.
Dr. Avnish Agnihotri : It is very relaxing game. The best part is making our own levels,but I think that all levels should be open at once
Glitch boy : Very interesting puzzle game, simple and high quality graphics,, quite addictive, I would highly recoomend this game if anyone is searching for puzzle game...
Swapnil Gade : One of the best game too get rid of boring lectures😂 just gear up with controls and then its just perfect..
Alise Flower : Actually I would give 1 out of 5. I give 3++ for graphics, that's almost 4. And ONE for asking PAY , give support to developers , etc. I finished my 50 cards - thank you - had fun - good job. Simply said.
Ashish Shinde : nice game it challenges our mind but im very sad that i can't pay.but i request the people who can pay please pay as this game is very beautiful and i try to make the levels by my own but it takes 2 to3 days and also has some mistakes so please pay and it is a very good game
Michael Macfarlane : great graphics, imponderable gameplay. send you into buildings so you can't even see where you're going. idiotic.
stella omenta : The gameplay is challenging and the fact that u can create ur own puzzles makes it outstanding, love it alot.
Josiah : This game is perfect for anyone who loves puzzle games. It is challenging, but still solvable. It looks cute too
Jacq Mick : Nice game. Some parts can be challenging but not impossible. The music is calming and the robot is so cute.
Rakesh Verma : Simple, small sized ,best puzzle game ... Plus you can also make your own levels which is super fun or play other user made levels by scanning their or code
Sabina Sitaula : It was good this is the first geniune review im writing about a game, i love this game This game is addicting and you get to choose how much you pay or even play for free and even if you play it for free its not constatly shoving ads down my throat and the game is very instresting as well attention catching highly recommend it
Boss Shadow : This is a well designed, fun game. The graphics are flawless and quite stylish. The game play is straightforward and easy to use.
Matthew Curry : Fun spacial puzzle game. Some are quite straight forward, but others take some work to puzzle out.
Luke Mellor : Really enjoyed the game, and love when you finish a hard level and then the name of the level hits you.
Silver Wolf-Moon : It's adorable. I love the art style and the character movements. The levels are nicely puzzled.
Sheetal Gawande : I give it four stars because it's a amazing game I have been playing for about a week and the levels are really well made , I am having so much fun playing this in my free time . But I don't get hits , it says I have to pay for it...
Garrett Green : Unique puzzle game. Pretty easy so far, but still really fun. I liked the double layer maze.
Prakhar Yadav : One of its kind! I can't believe I've played such an epic game. I don't know how many nights had Martin spent in making this game.Its only 5.4 MB! Such cool graphics and controls! 50 levels of insanity !
Wary Wraith : I love the game it small in but have great graphics and allows you to make your own levels.
Raghav Rawat : Great interactive puzzles with moderate difficulty and it even has the option to build puzzles which is also a fun experience
A Google user : It's a really good game, me and my friends passed the all level without any tips and enjoyed the game. 👌👌👌👌 my frends also enjoyed this game ...the robot was very cute.All levels are interesting and harder.I Feel happy because I passed all the levels 😎😎😎
Pankaj Patil : Nice graphics Great idea and a very good implementation The custom levels make it much more enjoyable Best thing is it's free and doesn't contain any ads
VAIDHVI DHIMAN : It's really an interesting game. The developer has created really amazing puzzles to solve.i think everyone should try it.
Arachnid Advocate : Used to play this all the time with my 6-7 year old, then my phone broke. Just came across it again, and my son is 9 yrs old now, and we both still LOVE it! Thank you!
sampath kumar : Wonderful and challenging game All the levels are challenging. Special mentions for Level 29 'open sesame' was incredible Level 46 'sarlacc pit' was out of my imagination
Bacteriophage : Hi dear developer. Your game is cool and fun to play. But could you please adjust the way we view the obstacles like making it 360 degrees. Not just sideways. Thank you dear developer ❤️
AgLi : One of the best puzzle game although might be confusing and very time sensitive at later levels.
Suyashi Mishra : Really beautifully designed game.... boosts up your problem solving skill ( I think so).....very nice and tricky game. Need your full attention while you are playing it👌👌
Boxed Lynx : Lovely graphics, simple but fun gameplay and a cute little robot thing to play as. Amazing game all round.
John Swain : Great game. Lots of fun. Some levels are quite straightforward others are feindishly difficult to work out.
Mangla ram : It's awesome game... The complete exercise of Brain.. I wish it would come to my knowledge in the lockdown days. One question.. why the hints are not available for free
Adrian Zaidan Zidna : The game is good, in some stages it is difficult and challenging. It's recommended for puzzle games
Kaps S : It's a simple game in terms of presentation but the puzzles are fun and intelligent. Great game
pallabjyoti changmai : A really liked this game a lot!! I completed the game in three weeks 😂😋it was hard but i did it . And i need more levels as soon as possible...very fun and enjoyable game !!
Hermanm Santamaria : This is an amazing mind blowing game with lots of puzzling levels and if thatbis not enough you can create you own. Check it out. Thanks to the developers.
Nayan0910 : The simplicity of this game is top notch and u can even make ur own notes in every stage!! How awesome one can innovate their art is mind boggling!!!👌👌👌 Thanks for making this game mate👍
Akash Giri : The game is good...liked it but you should keep few hints for free...And you also need to give game poitns...As the level 19 is so tough we need to see the hints but the hints are paid so please keep some hints for free...or make game poitns which me help during games
JohanKGracia : This game is cool! The puzzle, the graphic, the character and other stuff is AMAZING!!! And always make me laugh everytime i died and yeah love this game! :)
mari : i wish there was an option to disable bgm. i couldn't play because the music sounds glitched and gives me terrible anxiety.
Aruvn * : Excellant game......the concept is simple yet challenging ...... The game is spotless till now...full marks....would add recommendation after completion
Roshan Bakshi : Simply wonderfull. Keeping brain engaged. Loved it. Crossed all level. Eagerly waiting for the new challenging levels.
Pratik Mishra : Loved the concept and the simplicity is its greatest plus point. Addictive and lovable and the thing of editing our own level is what makes me play this game more further...
Ramesh Chandra Samal : Great game, but there should be a fast mode or less time consuming mode in which the robot appears where pressed cuz it takes up a lot of time sometimes
Sandra Nicole : The app is really good. It doesn't lag. No Ads. Levels are awesome. A level passed feels like you're a little less of a disappointment to your family.
Shivaguru : Super Awesome Concept, Nice Graphics, crazy Animations, But we can rotate only on X axis if we can rotate Y axis too, it will be better....
Kamal Uddin Molla : Very exiciting game.but the control is little bit problematic the graphics always facing in a certain angle otherwise very addictive game.
Harshit Vats 8086 : Honesty, an amazing game. The graphics are quiet good, for a puzzle game of this kind. It pushes ur mind well enough to enjoy it.
T-90 : The game overall is amazing and it really is a good puzzle game sometimes it's hard sometimes it's not but still the game is one of my favourites
AM and YM : Seriously, this is a fun, creative game that does NOT inundate you with advertisements, unlike 99% of other games. It is well worth a voluntary donation!
Shiva Sankari : Very Good and the graphics are good too. I will install every game you make It's not a puzzle game. It makes me rage a little bit
Kassam B. : Simply amazing, highly relaxing and makes you use your brain as well. I LOVE IT. Best thing of all, it's free, and I definitely would encourage you to donate to this developer.
Sachith Kasthuriarachchi : Awesome game! This is the best game I have played on android. Grphics and controls are excellent! The concept of the game is another thing to admire❤
Kenneth Szommer : Easy to play, enjoyable to play, a game for everyone, you did a great job on everything, thank you for the developement, even better is, you gave people a choice on value, i cant right now but will donate for this app
Pratik M Bhalerao : Challenging. Creative. Exciting. I completed all the levels or cards. Even played all external card from social networks. This is one of my top favourite games.
Priya K : What a wonderful game it is! This game's getting into my mind and is brain tickiling . I Thank Mr Martin Magni for such a wonderful game. We can also create our own levels for our standards . I play this everyday and haven't got bored yet. Salute to you Martin!❤️
Kay Are : It's definitely better than many large games and one of my favourite game Decent graphic,amazing puzzle,time pass with excitement in less than 10 me unbelievable
JACE AND ALANA AND EMMY ALSO MILES AND DRAY : Hi Martin mangi your games are amazing and even this one but could you update and add a feature where we can send our levels to public and play other levels it would be really cool
Sapphire Hodgson : Cute time killer but the music and buzzy noise gives me a headache I don't know how everyone can call it relaxing and soothing. Glad I could mute the music and sounds
Виктор Димитров : Quite interesting gameplay; The levels range from fun concepts to challenging puzzles. Loved it.
jean michael mundog mundog : Nice game. Simple and challenging. Hoping some more levels in the future. Need to uninstall because I already finished it. But its a nice game overall
Vishal Roopram : VERY GOOD APP CONTROLS IS THE BEST PART!! I love this game because you can't get enough and if you finish the game you can still go on twitter/Facebook TO GET MORE AND IT TAKE SO LITTLE SPACE IT'S UNBELIEVABLE!! 😀😆👌
A Google user : this game is so adictive, it gave me more courage to porsue to the next level, every level of the puzzle gives me more excitement. cant wait to the next version.!😎💪👍👍
Wgairborne : Good puzzle app, but it constantly nags you to pay, and it has some issues when directing the robot, but otherwise it's okay.
Yuval Koren : Very nice puzzle game. I like the graphics. You have to go from point a to point b. Can be challenging from time to time.
Deepa Deepa : the puzzles are very good and difficult😃.I can't find out away to finish the 19th level🤔.the graphics are also good .
Emam Hossain : So , now the game is going to be made in big size . U r requested to keep it in small size (We ) . At last , I had been trying to fill up all the levels that were not fulfilled...!
A Google user : Please Please Please ... bring more stuff in the game... its so nice... the feature where you can make your own level is amazing... (I even made a car). This game is sooooooo... amazing
Rakkesh Rakkesh : It is the best relaxing puzzling game in play store . Music is awsome and visuals are pretty good .one should try this game definitely.
Marcel Andrian Naftali : Best puzzle game ever! Great simple game with great graphics and level. Good job, Martin!
Mystique Wood : The puzzles are challenging but you still want to solve it. It takes up very little space . I love how you can create your own levels.
Vansh Jain : This game I mean you can't be more satisfied than this game It's some 6 mb game which can beat most puzzle even if they take up 50mb space The graphics are really worth a try The gameplay is simple but attractive And also the robot is soo cute...
MrHopps : This is one of the best puzzle games I have ever played , if I would pay to this game I would pay 30 EGP (I am from Egypt) but I dont buy games so I gave it a big review!
alket kapllani : Cool game,awsome levels etc..I rated this with 4 stars,cuz the levels are kinda hard for me.I needed 10 minutes to complete the first level.
digital electronic : This game is so fun as it is quite challenging. It's like some brain booster. Also, the character is so cute as it walks.. Love it.
Zourav Das : It's an wonderful game. It has that enigma of innocence in its tapping the character of the game. I love it personally. I recommend you to try this.
Santosh Saroj : Awesome game, it's good to play. It gives excercise to brain! I loved playing this game and recommend others as well. Keep updating this game, I want to see it's updated version too
ALOK TEWARI : Game is good, concept is good, but controls are bad and no option to change angle, frame revolve only in one direction
Gloss Witch : This is the best game I had ever palyed in my whole life, Those animations and graphics are awesome....I don't have more words to explain it....❤❤💖Thank you Martin Magni for MEKORAMA...!
Liam Aldwinckle : Loving it so far :) My only issue and I think it's just a personal one is the little red guy that slows you down and blocks you. I hate that guy 😂
Nick Bowen : An amazing puzzle! Looks lovely, interface is really nice! I don't know how he manages to design the puzzles, very ingenious indeed.
Jay Visavadia : Overall fantastic game, just that add the option to turn off the background music.
Telugu Tech with Srujan : Best game l ever seen if you want best puzzle games this is the number one game you should try this at least one time this game has no problems and the game qualities very good the character is very cute I love this character and even you can make your own labels this game has so many levels also
Jithendra : It is very good puzzle game.According to me the person who created puzzles in this game is genius and I can't imagine what thoughts he had to create this game.I am expecting more games from this company. Everyone must try this game.
Saugat Bhattacharjee : Loved it. Very detailed and the music is very soothing. It changes with your touch.
Md. Hafiz Sikder : Thanks Martin!!! I would definitly supoort you, but I can't. Thanks for such a wonderful game. How did you manage to uphold everything in such a small size? Graphics is amazing.
Govind Rajagopal : One of the most beautiful puzzle game I ever played. The graphics are good. The one that I liked most about this game is that we can make our own levels, which is so good. Great work developers
Lynette w : This is the perfect game for anyone with ADHD. It requires focus, concentration, memory, and determination to refuse defeat!
Owen Slaasted : Very fun puzzle game with no adds and the creator only asks for donations. Really awesome! Great UI and easy controls!
Gene : I am really enjoying this game and all its levels i am impressed with the user built mazes. They are amazing and hust as challenging as the ones in the game.
Arthur Stransky Freire : This is a game that's stimulate you to keep thinking and you also can create your own levels and challenge your friends, it's really awesome.
MYSTER GAMER : the game is fully considered towards brain i like it very much because it is very east to controls. no bugs thanks to the the devolper team for a such noce creation
A Google user : I can not pay you for hints, the game is beautifully made but I got stuck and deleted the game. I would like to see an ad instead of paying.
Dulaj Anuruddha : Best puzzle game ever. This is very uncommon game and you can create your own new levels.
Sunny Dee : I absolutely love this game! It's completely fresh and new! Relaxing music. Helps me relieve stress by keeping my mind occupied. Encore!
José Blanco : Very nice 3D puzzle. It's not stressing and include many brain challenges. it's a great timr killer.
RR : Great mobile game, perfect for playing when you're bored for some time but dont put a lot of effort into. Exemplifies the spirit of mobile games.
akb Asish : Such an amazing game with beautiful & very impressive graphics at such low mb. I gotta say this is 'The' best classic game I ever played. Really exciting & funny game. Kudos to the developers.
greenmiloman : Physics are too slippery and the AI seems to be weak, most of the time the robot just falls off over simple things like walking over another robot or standing on a moving block.
Bowler : Camera controls can be a little annoying at times but it is a super fun, relaxing puzzle game
AmazingRauf : I like the game.it is fun and awesome.sometimes the levels can be puzzle but as for me i can think out the solution just in a sec.I give this game 5 stars because it reminds me of captain toad on the Nintendo WII U
James Hunt : Noice game good puzzles, but the level editor could do with a tutorial explaining how to use it properly.
deepak golechha : One of the best games I have played. Would appreciate addition of some new blocks to build which can promote new mechanics to play.
Ishita Patel : Its the Cutest game and so so so lovely game Amazing mind blowing i hope it has infinite level thank you so much. Graphics n controls all are superb.
Swadesh Gohil : very good game to play.we have to run our brain in all levels i cant complete all levels but not impossible.too easu levels in bigning but when we complete 6,7 levels then the real game starts
Adelle Wright : Excellent game, good mix of easy and difficult levels, very imaginative , beautiful graphics.
Santhosh R : Super game ever played like this that too without add very very fun game and also time pass game 😁 . I like the robot its funny, this game can played all age groups very very wonderful game I like meet game creator very wonderful brains he has 😁. But thanks for creating such a beautiful game .🤩🤩🥳🥳
Romuz Abdulhamidov : Great puzzle game, no ads and free. Very chill music. It's a piece of art.
Dipa Kerai : One of the most satisfying games to play with so many great levels to go through. The little bot is just too adorable!
Harsh Mali : This is worth playing its not so simple but fun to play i have completed all the level nearly! And its really a good game!! It's kinda puzzle and make you think alot!
Ross Schuman : This is one of the best puzzle apps I've ever played. My only problem is big fingers, small screen.😕
Jay Seth G : Simple but so addicting and creative... give yo the multiple options... you can play puzzles and make puzzle and share the puzzle you make with your friends that havr the game so they can try and solve it and visa versa.. amazing game
sonali chaudhari : I usually never stick to such games but really this mobile game turned me to complete all the levels. I really salute the creator who made this mind blowing game that we really needed. I hope Martin Magni would update and create more such amazing games.
Bhatu Gharte : WOW , what an game ,thare are lots of levels sometime they are hard or some time the are esey ,i love that game and , i am complet all story levels 😊😊😊thats hard some time then i use hints for win that . 😉😉😉 thats nice game ever And one thing about that game thare are ultra graphics , beacause i like most I request you ............. Try that game one time .🤗🤗🤗
Lalit Sahoo : Best arcade puzzle game I have ever played ! Thanks to the developers for not putting any ads to the game at all ! I am really enjoying it !
Sengodan Kandasamy : It's one of the best game made for android I have been searching for.The graphics and the gameplay is awesome.The gameplay is also smooth.It' surely worth.
ANUJ SINGH : Great graphic Logical and i think a best game to play in free time... N the most important thing is no adds.. N we also can create a game.. Just woow
Sandeep Kamble : Exceptional design, beautifully executed. And the create options describes how skilled the creater of the stages is. Good game.
Abhishek Ganguly : I love this game. This game was so good for everyone. Also this game was have a separated fan base. I want some extra level's of this game & thank you playstore to upload this game in your app. I like it & also loved it. I hope that developers are gift some extra level's. <3
faith kirabo : Very interesting game....a good puzzle..riles up the mind...brain stimulant plus the background music is calming u could play the game for long periods.
Dinithra Dissanayake : After a long time found a good game worth my time. No add just pure good gameplay. I love this. Keep up the work. The world needs more people like you. Awesome!!!
Makayla Atchison : So far a fun game but it's kinda ridiculous that you have to pay for hints. You should at least be able to watch an ad like every other game on here.
Hussain Bagwala : One of the best leisure games i ever played. Relaxes your mind & body. Stress management at its best.
MUBASHIR JAN : Best game and best time killer, also there are 50 puzzle levels to solve, i wish they add more levels in this game, great game must try
Daniel : Nice game for now and again, and the purchasing model is excellent. However the game comes with more trackers than I'd like to see.
Divina Perez : At first, I really thought that this game would be bad. But when I tried it, I changed my mind. The game is not only entertaining but it also trains our mind to think. Also, the little robot is really cute. uwu
A Google user : Cute and Perfect! the gameplay is so awesome. its just amazing. love the graphics and the puzzles
Debasmita Dhar : This is the first game I've ever written a review for. While that is a lot in itself, this game has so much more to offer than what you would expect, seeing its size. The option to create levels of your own is an added plus point. All in all, this is worth a download.
Peter Kohalmi : Very cute and entertaining game, the art style and level design is very unique as well as enjoyable.
Avisek SSarma : Great game, hats off to the developer for such a beautiful graphics and smooth gameplay. By the way which game engine did you use? Like unity or unreal engine or what?
A Google user : great graphics and game. So far, all fans of mekorama are still waiting for updates...it's been a few years now and no news from the developer. Hope there will be new updates coming soon after so long.
Aditi Mandal : So nice game. It needs both time and brain. I just love to play it. There are master cards which are quite Hard.
Alyssa Moloski : I love how the levels are simple yet you have to put thought into them, then the complicated ones have the easiest solution.
Mathieu Morcos : Very good game but please add a feature of ending the game when you are zapped, I want to create a surving game; you are in a place with zapped bots and in the other side, a robot is in his way to the win.But when you are zapped the other robot continues his trip and you can easily win...
Rishabh Dubey : For a long time I was thinking that should I download it or not I thought it is a VR and a building game so I thought no but then I thought let finally download it after playing sometime i got to know that it is a very nice game and creative also I really liked it.☺️😊
Chris Nyaga : the game was 👍really awesome low on mbs but high graphics make more games like mekoram but in different places and defrent actors'you now this is my first time giving a game 4stars I usually give all games 3 star because of mbs and graphics you are the first people to be give 4stars by me make more games like that but with vehicles and others
Luke Cwolf : Relaxing and stimulating puzzle game.well deserved of the praise and the accolades and ads on Google play. And free/pay what you want. A true designer with the players at heart.
MISTER OTAKU : Truely love it.. I love to create levels more than to play the levels.great timepass . I would say it is light weight but heavy calliber
Levi Korop : Challenging, fun, great graphics and game physics. All round great puzzle game.
Rashi Sharma : i complete all levels of dis game ...this game really cool ...all puzzles are not similar.....some are difficult sometimes i search in u tude for solving problems 😂 ...at last this is the best game ...i really enjoyed
Yash Krishnatery : Absolutely amazing. The riddles they are just fun to clear but I still firmly believe that the rotation around the axis must be free just 4 positiones are insufficient
Rubén Figueroa : Hmmmm....ok...I like the game the robot is cute but like....I wish that the controls were like the Odd Bot Out game and yeah im not a big fan of this... But I added more than 1 stars cause the robot actually has arms and in 3D...
Alternate Acc. Foxlandball : This game is soo f***ING hard!!! I can't do this the level difficulty is going higher to imposible I can't do the ballance one it's soo f***ING hard I can't do this I'm out I can't do this my brain is gonna oof if I do this ohh man I'm rlly mad and stressed pay to win is sucks and I don't want to spend my money anymore I apologise cuz the higher level u get the higher difficulty as well I apologise and I can't do this I gave it 3 star which is kinda weird but not funny this fuzzle is hell! 😤
Mohan kumar Andhi : Good game for timepass. Amazing puzzles. Loved it. Increase the number of puzzles, and make it endless.
A Google user : This game is very amazing 😍👌 and you need mind thinking to pass the stage ( the perfect mind in healthy body 😍) Thanks for making the game for free 😊👍 . If I could pay ipay 20 euros
Lucky Reza : nice game.I truly love puzzle games. it's graphics are very nice. And I was shocked when I got to know that it all was made by only one person!!. Once again nice game, SULPHUR HYDROXIDE
J. : The various levels are immensely challenging and fun. This is one of my favorite puzzle games.
Emile Emile : This game is perfect, original concept, cute, has no annoying ads and challenging puzzles.
Liviu Marius : l love it, you can create and play but one thing is that l want more space like l do not like it that it keeps talling me "max space" and l will never like you or follow you!!! fix it now!!! and did you now that l am 9 years old!!! 😲😠😢👊 not cool!!! and find out what this means (ଓ ଏ ନେଇ ମାନବାଧିକାର କମିସନଙ୍କ ବାରମ୍ବାର)
Lucky : A great puzzle game, that allows you to make your own levels to give to your friends so they can beat them! If you have friends.
Taha Al Masri : Great game loved it great controls great graphics! 👍👏👏,I played it with my dad he said it was a cool game,seirously greatest game i ever saw on appstore,though it helps you with your brain it helps you solve puzzelz faster ❤❤❤❤❤ ,thank you Martin magni btw your a great dev
P K : Super fun and relaxing. Perfect for the short, refreshing breaks I need to take between work. Thanks to the creators for making this game.
Vishaal Nair : Its amazing... I like the interface.. its pretty smooth and the the graphics looks great as well.. yet the game size is small
Ekwensi Chidera : When i saw this game was 5mb i thought it was nonsense but i gave it a chance. Long story short this game is alright but the producers should add more levels. Thanks🙂
Prayushman Kaushal : Really a great game no annoying ads,compact size,good graphics.... Just a great game and concept!!!!
Gaurav Mathur : Amazing game. It really challenges your mind. The best part is there are no ads but you are free to pay as little as you want to the developers.
tg studios official : Its great game and the sound of this game is amazing and levels are well designed and I also love the option to create your own level. This game this is the most relaxing game I have ever played
Cyd Laid : Love it. This is the best puzzle I played, hoping for more puzzles like Mekorama. God bless ya'll 💚 and even recommended this to friends, I told them this game teaches life lessons too 😅😂
Muhammad Saalim : Best ever puzzle and logical game on Play Store, I ever came across. Smooth control, beautiful graphics and intensive game play. ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Katie Kent : I love a game just like this and if I had 3.99 to buy it I absolutely would. This is both challenging and fun. Thank you for creating it!
Alvin CJ : Ok-ish game. Similar to monument valley. But this never goes near it. Still, a lightweight puzzle one, I don't think all are going to like. Playable
Prerna Verma : BEST GAME EVER TRIED !👌👌 The graphics , the systems are so good! Overall the Colors combination is so cute ! the characters play are so cute😍❤️❤️
legend bean : This is a very good app which connects with our brain and makes it understand throughout the whole level, and there isn't even any ads so this is kinda THE BEST 5MB GAME I've every played I love it woo much thanks developers
Ashhar Naeem : Fun and amazing. The creator has put in a lot of effort and the attention to detail is amazing. Puzzles are challenging too!
sahil barhadiya : its really very nice sweet game.the puzzles require your mind to think in unique and creative ways. i am really enjoying this game.also there are no ads.
Alhambra : It's really good game. Addictive, great graphics, easy play, easy control. 👍👍👍
Geobost B : Funny Character ,simple mechanic ,nice audio,well color ,look so easy but is f***** midblowing ,well good job for dev. for the next ,dev should take a place background update! ,and Mekorama Still no ads
Emil Kutz-Rollings : Amazing game. I love the music, The main character is simply charming. Its hard not to love. Also, there aren't many adds.
Hema Selvam : Very good game, but the tasks are too tough, and nearly impossible to complete. I thank Martin Magni for creating such good game, keep on creating such games All the best..
Mohit rawat : Much entertaining and relaxing game. All levels are different and useful for good exercise & test of our brain... Keep upgrading..great
Vishal Anand : Completed this game 2 times. Once in 2016 and again in 2020. The second time I completed this game in one go in few hours. Really awesome game.
MARK CONROY : Tougher than you think at times! Whip through some levels but others can be very challenging. Cute lil bot. Well thought out physics. Get it! Totally recommended!
A Google user : ✍🏻 Owsm game.......👍👍 You must have to observe the given structure strictly and force your brain to think agin and again....to complete some levels ......but its simple.... Thanks... Martin Sir for offering such a interesting game👦
Owes Ahmed : Super game, super graphics, super &simple music. N the robot is really soo cute, specially the way he walks. Its like a small baby .👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿
J E G : The game is good but it happens that the robot clips outside of the playing area to walk outside of bounds. Is that a bug or placed on purpose?
Sumiran Giri : Such a cool game. The music is definately a plus. It's soothing and a nice game if you want to play in leisure to relax.
Jennifer Justice : This game is so cool! Love the challenging levels, gets more difficult as you go, but not impossible. Great game!
mona Berlin : absolutely my favorite game. no other game makes me wanna play it once after couple of months. i'm currently a student nowso sorry i can support this game by pay, but i hope you guys know that this game is really make my life, i mean this little robot is soooocute (sorry)and the sound, LOVE IT.
Jose V : Great game, I had this years ago on my ipod. The only thing i hate is how I sometimes try to move a block and the screen moves.
Mono Pandit : The game is just awasme. I have enjoyed this game very much. The levels are not so easy , but thy are not too hard to compleat. The game is perfect for me.
Barandino, Hannah Angela Eroles : This is so wholesome and cute and such a good mind game..! I love it so much! Keep up the good work! I'm also sorry that I can't support by paying so I hope this is enough.. btw- Best Game Ever!
Sameer K : Dear Martin mangi sir, Thank you for giving us a wonderful game. I use more time for making levels. Mekorama is one the games that living long in my device. Thank you for all.
DigNitas 111 : Its an amazing creative game but the controls not so much and theres only low amount of blocks maybe add more to make it more colorful and alot creative
Teena Reyes : I love this game but i think it needs to spice up a little bit. I think it needs multiplayer and dinffrent colors like green,pink,blue and yellow.
Pulkit Khattar : A light simple and brilliant game. This game is ideal for anyone who wants to work on their logical or cognitive abilities.
simple brain : great puzzle game, very unique. player can make their own level n share it with each other.
Edward Nind : Lovely game. Very relaxing and visually cute puzzle game. Such a pleasant surprise to play a game where adverts and premium currency are not rammed down your throat.
EvilShAdOw : It is the Best that Puzzle Games Has To Offer 🔥 In Less than 6 mb you Get Beautiful And Clean Graphics and Challenging Levels. One Of The Best Time Killer✌️😉
Cappin Price : love the game so much, thank you so much for making this. The one thing that is bad is when you need to move the right turning robot through a house with a snaking path.
Dominic Van Gaever : This game is frustratingly awesome.. some levels are easy then some ...Damn!! To pass the time in boring meetings is fun!!
Kavya pathak : I hope you may make another game but it's better from all games and we wish that you can do it in mekorama there is very simple equation and also very difficult solution which make a time of an 5 min by the way I like mmekorama it's not have much MB like another I like it thanks for this game
naveen maganahalli : Ultimate game i ever played, developer is a crazy guy... good job!! I never wrote a review in my life. No adds nothing you can only pay if you like the game. I love the game.
Samuel Whyte : This is very creative. Its so interesting to find your way to the end, thinking up routes and others. I will give this more than 5 stars. It's well earned
Gaurav Sharma : The developer's games are always a pleasure to play through. No bugs or constant ads. Would love to see more games like this on the market.
Saish Desai : Love from India It will be fun add building that destroys after stepping on it make trampoline block that allows to jump make bomb that blasts add new green bot that gives a key to unlock a door 🚪 make Cannon please It is still boring add more colours fun music bocks. 🥺 Thanks👉👈
Collins Enebeli : Wow, I really love this game. It builds and increases my technical thinking capacity which is very helpful because I'm an engineering student.
Russell Thomas : This is the best puzzle game I have ever played. Each level requires you to be creative and think out of the box. Absolutely loved every minute of this fantastic game.
A Google user : This is a good game. It also exercises you mind. Those who have patience they can easily complete the levels.
Shiwam Sharma : Amazing Game I ever play Thank you so much for creating such kind of game... But there is one problem there is no other new card left if you can bring new card on future updates I am really grateful... Review from my side⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Dean Oyler : Can't help but mention a favorable comparison to Monument Valley. It has similar game play, but different enough to make it all shiny new for me. I like it.
Abhishek Mishra : This game is too good, for the gamers. This take time to understand 😇 the levels... Graphics are a great attraction to us...
Rashmi Sahu : Fantastic game , superb , innovative , futuristic, i luv ❤️❤️❤️ this game , thanks a lot to the makers of this game, technically fabulous,, 3D graphics are great , and the walking of tiny one eyed robot is very funny and pleasant 😘😘
Joel eldo : Mekorama : the name sounds more malayalam-like. For such a lightweight app,the gameplay is wonderful. Looks like it was created using unity.The accompanying BGM is sweet too.
Rishu : Awesome Game ........... 😀😀😀😀😀😀*100 I was finding games to play , then i see mekorama. I think that it is somewhat only 10 MB games . I just try it to play these games experience. When i play, it is awesome than i think.
A Google user : Amazing graphics,genius game design,nice story line,smooth control can be played without spending anything and my favorite game,what a thought?
johny shakya : I like it cz it's a unique puzzle game. Only 1 thing I don't like it's background music.... It makes me irritate... I suggest to put some melody music
Pardeep Singh : Good game like monument valley but in this game you stuck sometimes and you need hints to end the level. It's entertaining and puzzle game.
M S Nuhan : I like it a lot. Very simple control and very good brain exercise. The "build own maze " idea and then QR code sharing is even more awesome
Taruna Mathur : Its an awesome game and the option to create your own level is something new which cant be seen in any of the game its intresting it also aquires less space and i liked this game
Anuprava Bokshi : Beautiful game anyone will enjoy :) No ads, no interruptions of any kind. I appreciate the pay what you like idea and ended up paying to show appreciation for developer :)
Peter Errington : If you love puzzle I highly recommend this game. This is a perfect puzzle game. The creator has put so much effort into crafting such an amazing experience! Well done 👍
Ember Jenkins : Very fun and unique. After playing Fancade and loving it, I thought I'd try this out, and this is just amazing. Keep up the great work Magni!
Regan Govender : Awesome Game. Clean Graphics. Smart Game play. Excellent to challenge one's mind. Going to donate as soon as I can.
Omer Arslan : One of the most interesting game I have ever played. A creative concept with an interesting character. I really advice you to play it, or at least try.
Vijaya Naidupalli : This app is really good! However, it'd be better if there were free hints instead of paying for them Overall, the app was good And could you please make the odd bot out free?
a_a studio : This is a very good game , this is very logical and brain booster every one should play it and best thing is the graphics they are very good and easy to understand
Carrieann Stirzaker : Really enjoying the game , thought o no just another simple puzzle ..but you really do have to think and plan your steps .
Crowned Diamond32 : i give u all full star becuase you have satisfied my needs, especially building ur own map and posting it in facebook and twitter to make play with friends. i do not have money but! i will tell my brother to pay price 6 for this app.. and yea.. he plays this game aloottt, dont tell him that lol. keep up the good work mister ;)
manavi work : Very calming and gripping game. I love how simple the features are. The graphics are chic.
Gurpreet Hundal : Very nice! Good gameplay, music, concept & graphics (pleasant on the eyes).
Giridhar R : The experience in the game is so nice that is finding right path through noticing,fixing,and by concentration.So in my opinion this is a well developed game as well as an enjoying game.
Mamta Singhaniya : This is a best game which i have found under 5mb. This is very interesting game. I love it and it's backgrown music is wonderfull. This game has very excellently graphics.
Mbali Mazibuko : This game is amazing it's so peaceful and I love the little bot. And the music is calming and the graphics are actually pretty good to, they fit the aesthetic of the game
Gustav Schonborn : Amazing game great concept enad amazing visuals can keep anyone entertained for houra figuring out each puzzle world. If you are looking dor something different 100% five this game a go.
KING ARCEUS : Very nice game. Offline and low mb but interesting. Awsome puzzle game. I like most and you create in ur style of level. It was awesome features.
mfk X : This is the best puzzle game. Controls need a little more tweaking but rest everything is awesome. Great Job Martin👍
shwetha mk : Very good game. Excellent graphics and user interface. Enjoyed each levels 😍. We want more game like this
Umair Ahmed Saad : Absolute game for time pass. If you're looking for a puzzle game, then download it without wasting time.
Nomadical sailor : One of the best game I have ever played on Android. Do download. It's addictive and makes you think a lot. It's hard but isn't impossible to play. Kudos to the maker.
A Google user : I love these little guys....i love the way their little arms fly up and down. it's fun to direct them around the maze. sure makes my rain work. good strategy game
F - Anil Angela Adefuin : This is the best game ever like, there are no ads, super smooth, super fun to play, and its good for all ages! Omg this is the best game i ever downloaded in my phone.. Salamat sa paggawang laro na ito..😊
Vijay Mital : This is a great game to play this game test all your skill like timing, patience , intelligence etc . I had never expected 5 MB game to be this much fun fully satisfied with the game. waiting for more lavel to be added.👍 Great work.
Rinku Devi : A very good game in only some mbs..Awesome game..Great that its free and doesn't have any ads..but really the developer deserves ..So add some ads that The developer can also get the benefits for his great job..
rajiv shankar : It's really an amazing mind boosting game.the grafics are good, only the problem is with the availablity of hint.
Vivek : Very nice work done...but there should be view of 360°. I mean the view should be from up and down also... I think you understand what I am trying to convey...
Unmetered : Great game! It's very beautiful and has fantastic sound design. You just have to try it for yourself. Wonderful experience every time I play 😄
Afroza Fayaz : Its too great increases your iq level if you are not short tempered play this game just want to say its a great game I gave it four stars because if we tap outside the puzzle the character fall down
MrSnowman : A game that puts your brain at work,fun to play ,I have unlocked all the levels except 2 levels, a simple but smart game
Euanimations : I've played this before and it was such an interesting puzzle challenge game. I'm Gr. 6 now, the last time I played this game was like gr. 2.
A Google user : Dear Martin, thank you for creating such a wonderful little game. It is a delight to play. May you create many more such wonderful games. Best wishes, lots of love from India!
Lalboi Guite : This game is cool, i like the music and the character movements ,makes very pleasant tone when ever tapped, surprisingly unique one.Great game
Ayush Agarwal : I loved this game a lot !!!! It has amazing graphics, fantastic physics and a cute robot.... This is a very good game and I recommend everyone to play this game....
Ololade Olaniyi : Graphics is great and the puzzles are just cool too. A lovely game to play when relaxing.
Angel Angelov : Beautiful and fun game. The simplicity, no time limit and no adds make it a great distraction.
seb astian : This game is great since it challenges the mind and I love the reality of when you move a part of machinery with the character on it, he can go flying!
Srujan Colours : woderful puzzles, great graphic interface, I lovs it, not too easy not too hard, i played till 13 level, its awesome. loved it, a must play game
A Google user : I believe this game is un-like most. The potential to make you think about your moves, and how you think with every day tasks is incredible. With out this game I might have committed suicide.
Mark Browne : Wonderful crisp graphics, a range of simple and tricky teasers accompanied by a soothing ambient soundtrack.
Pratik M Bhalerao : This is the best puzzle game I ever played in android. I have cleared all 50 levels as well levels (cards) from Facebook page as well.
Gunjan Bhattacharjee : Like the application of problem solving theory in game. A an ID this game inspires me to look at gamification with a different angle. Would love to collaborate if possible!
Dyvanno Pramana Caesario : Nice ux, old but fun to play! Love the design, sound fx, animation. And level variation. Keep it up
Abhishek Nair : Very nice and addictive. Quality is high, while the storage needed is low. Great and mind warming game.
Raj Mahajan : I like the game very much.it need high thinking power for solving.it goes more harder as you go to higher level and don't forget to solve master level it is amazing.😁😎😎👍🏻👍🏻
Cursed Nothing : I just remebered something to my cousin he just downloaded so i just tryed to found it... so i just want to play the editor choice so... I FOUND IT IM HAVING FUN SO I LOVE IT and its old video game is played this... i loved... it.. thank you for chossing this THANK YOU!
Siddhant Dake : Very well it's a good game but after sum time it's difficulty level increases with the levels but over all a very good game.
Hadif : Great graphics considering this is a mobile game. Gameplay is super with the multiple levels. Overall a great game. :-)
Md. Hossain : The best game . Awesome grafics and control. The best thing is that you can make your own levels. If Steve Jobs would have been a programmer, he would have made a game like this. I love this game.
Aman Singh 21 : Simple and awesome! I like these types of games. And yeah you can create your own levels in it which is just mind blowing. Love this game 🥰
balmukund agrawal : Its amazing game.. can't imagine how developer has created such a creative game in simple form. I like the feature of creating own card, its good to develop designing skills.
arun kutta : A wonderful game that makes you think you, in a possible way to find a solution still the answer you get will be simple. This personally for me was a stress reliever. So please try it out.
Ben Mealey : Awesome addictive blocky puzzle game, with an amazing artstyle. Perfect for killing some time!
Drake Hennig : Graphically pleasing, calming audio, cute characters, and surprising difficulty at times.
PPTI 27 Jacky Setiawan : Nice, it's a very good puzzle for training your brain. It's simple, but fantastic. Thank you
SUBJECT : 21cAlpha : one of the greatest puzzle game on play store for me! completed the whole game just in 1 day. so add more levels like 500 or somethin good luck!.
Siddalingana gowda M P : Great game, with really attractive colours and gets interesting as we complete each level. Surely a brain twister
Manish Patel : excellent concept ... various puzzle games incorporated into one ... interactive engrossing ... not just a dumb play along but makes you use your brains as well as entertain you
Jeremy Brown : Beautiful game with a steep learning curve. Will have you scratching your head after a few levels.
Abr Rofi : All the levels are amazing! I didn't expect if there would be many tricks to finish the puzzle
Abhishek Tiwari : Very good app but very few levels. Can you make mekorama 2 with same graphics,etc. but with new levels
Amal Kuttan : This game is very well made Has great logic,nice graphics,good controls&really challenging.
Rahul Pai : Very cute animation. Surprisingly addictive! Very creative idea. Impressive creation mode and QR code system. Love that it's pay what you want!
Tristan Langenhoven : One of the most simplistic well designed puzzle games i have ever played would highly recommend it.
RandomPerson0310 : I played all your games and this is the best one yet.i love the graphics the sound the puzzles and everything on it. its also verry addictive. love this game so I'll rate it 5 stars
Andreana Eucedes : This game has completely upgraded my version of a good game. It has very good graphics and very good smooth gameplay. 10/10 would recommend
Lilina : 5 Stars because its challenging and mind teaser also i like it because i can build my own levels also keep it up your the best puzzle game creator.
User : Fun game. Great graphics. Oh, and there's no ads! Incredibly high quality for a free game.
Ala Ajmal Malik : Amazing game 💖...just love it 😍😍 . This game is very creative and innovative. If you are a puzzle lover I am sure that you'll absolutely like this game ... Happy gaming..✌️
Ace Trainer Ojal : Fun and Great puzzle game. We can make our own puzzle. We can scan cards from Twitter and Facebook to get more levels.
Albert Galloza : Very entertaining game. Challenging and fun. Very well made and with great detail and sophistication. Makes you think and be creative.
Gautham Krishna : This game is super relaxing and it would make you smile even if you are in a bad mood. Everything look super good and the most fabulous thing is that there are no ads.
adityanaskar naskar : it is a great puzzle game with a really high difficulty level . becomes irritating sometimes
Keshav Sharma : This is great game for minda and for time pass. It should have more than 50 levels. The developer should update the game with more levels.
preeti murarka : I liked this game. It is very intresting when u are free and thinking what to do . At that situation u can play this game and refresh your mind. It is a thinking game so you need to use your brain.
Walter Pratt : Level 14: I occasionally let fall B bot. But there is no way I can drop R away. That's not fair! :-D  BTW. It's a dextery game, not that much a puzzle game. Not my genre. Uninstalled.
Captain Blood : This game is good by itself but to add a feature where you can make your own map ... How cool is that ?? Kuddos for the maker and developer of this game
Rocking Battle : It's good but wants money,i hope you will help me out with it .Other wise its superb,i really like this game.If you will take out the money taking part from the game then it will help you out getting more stars........... See i help you in getting more stars and now,i want that you should help me with it.......(not taking money from me not only me but from everyone)............ You know what i wrote this much big pragraph on rating any app the first time... Because i love this game,just u laked.
Sundar Raj : Awesome game , love the simplicity , but need more interactive environment , just a suggestion make a story line
Eirene Tanaka : Some levels doesnt work like its supposed to. Some maneuvers can't go up and down or move sidewards. Please fix the problem.
puthalam sunitha.v : Nice game. Makes you think. Graphic is epic and music is also different than other games. And loved every thing about this game.
Menchai Pruel : This game is very fun because it's challenging in all levels and you can create your own level...this is amazing....
Devish Cheruku : The game is really fun, small and really challenging even the editor platform is good, the only thing I hate is that it has ads
Carlo De Alday : i really enjoyed the experience! the sounds, the feel, the puzzle. this is very similar to monument valley
Reece Dawe : Great game with progressive difficulty, the pay what you want system is great a it allows you to support the creaters of a game without getting ads forced on you
Harshini Bonula : Even though its very less mb we can enjoy the game very well. This game improves the mind skills . I perfectly say that its a true game ... just support me and install the game.dont miss these type of games
Ilana H : I really like this game. You can even create your own levels. I wish you could submit them so there could be more levels. It would be interesting to see what a community of designers could come up with.
Werner Heisenberg : This game is perfect for killing your time at the same time, training your mind to be creative!! Cool graohics too!! I wish the next update will add more tools for builing!!
Rethundra Legna : Very relaxing game. However, due to my own status being a really, really, reaaaallly bad noob gamer, I got to level I cant push on, got frustrated and uninstalled.
ɢɪɴɴ : I realized that this game is smart, by that I mean its pretty challenging and a puzzle. Its hard to explain why I rated 5 stars but really though its worth downloading
leaving pain channel [ L P C ] : Simple and logic game is so good thinking surprising every level unlocking good and simple experience .... Love it .
Tony Hardcastle : Love it. Good graphics. Best payment method ive seen. Paid for it just because of how the developer does it. Great job. Thank you.
Aditya _c1015 : This is an very nice game tough levels which will make you to consider this game as the best the gameplay of the game is also very nice and the main lead makorama is very cute At all I love this game so much please download this game if you want something new but I want to say to developer that please make the game at all free don't make it pay
Dániel Németh : A way too easy but the graphic is corrext and the music is nice. A little child would like it.
Kelly Spires : Super cute, some of the levels are a bit tricky but over all a good way to kill time.
Satyajeet : It is very good game to train your mind. I really like this game. It's a very tricky game with good graphics. A really nice work by Sir Martin Magni.
A Google user : Very addictive and entertaining. Congratulations on game concept, coding, and graphics. Love it!!
Stephen Doyle : BRILLIANT Game. simple to use simple to follow lots of fun nice clean crisp graphics in addition The little sound footsteps are a nice touch.
Sandy Crawford : fun but after level 11 I can't play it because I can't zoom like need to click on a specific spot would have gotten five stars if not for this installing unable to play any further in the game :(
Next The Duder : This game is amazing,The music is relaxing and charming. But the thing that annoys me is that there are too many donation ads Still a great game though
Vishal Tejwani : Simple yet mind boggling worth beautiful graphics and worth the time. Best part is no ads.
Dave Pearson : Great little game. Simple, visually pleasing, and no ads. I liked it enough to pay some money for it.
maria fernanda : It's an amazing game! You have to use your brain and your logic and it's so entertained. The graphics and design are awesome and adorable! I love it
arc liner : A really wonderful game overall.I completed all the levels and even tried to make some . I really prefer you this app. You would fall in love with it .
Machieh Membemsimbom : This game is really cool, I love the fact that you could create your level and play or scan one from some other phone. Really love the game
Mohamed Bahja : It's a great puzzle game, with innovative gameplay and puzzles, beautiful music and atmosphere
R Shraddha : I loved this game. It is so fun and the puzzle keeps you thinking and guessing to find a solution. It isn't too hard or too easy.
Anamika Singh : Really liked this game. Requires focus and attention. Levels get harder as you proceed but quite a fun game to play.
Stephen Suchith : Awesome developed game for a brain power booster, ińovative with stress buster for everybody to have fun with surprising twists & joyful moments , great break Game . .👍
Abhishek Sharma : Game is good 👍 🐞Found a bug in level 4 two towers. The guy can jump out of the play area if crushed by the moving tower.
Rahayu Eka : The character of this game moves smoothly. It is cute and I like it! This makes me think and enjoy at the same time. Simply, this is much worth to be played!
Greg Shelley : Awesome puzzle game! I managed to do it without using any hints. I feel proper big and clever actually. Download this game immediately.
Haris Khan : A wonderful puzzle game! I really love it.During playing this game, i never feel bored.Whenever I play this game it give me boost to think in other directions. I love it.
Rishabh Daad : nice graphics and interesting puzzles...not too tough and not too easy...just perfect for passing time
Swayamdeep Bagde : awesome game, smartly designed and well thought behind the game its amazing to play such a game, this game doesn't force you to purchase thats the best thing of this.
U S B : This is really a good game. Unlike games nowadays who are full of ads and compel u to pay money to play further or get more benefits, this game is much awesome from all of them. Must give it a try
shaikh : The game is so simple yet so satisfying Really loved it I don't have a credit/debit card else i would love to pay you guys ♥️ but in place of paying I invited my friends to play the game
