Ian Dimmock : Loved the previous games, but there is so much lag that this is totally unplayable. Hopefully it will be fixed in a future update, but right now its unusable.
Amir Aima : Need spend more money. Its more better if you can fix how many race example 10 race for 1 session. If qualified, then go to next level. If not, same at the same level.
Andy Ormsby : Great game. I've thoroughly enjoyed making my way through all the levels. If you want a real challenge, try doing it with an all female driver team. It's not easy but not impossible.
Alvaro Morales : Decent game at first but as you progress, the level of difficulty is just insane. I gave up trying. Decent game, though.
Roy To : Unable to find any match. I have tried to enter my first match for over 10tims but failed. Perhaps you may consider making it an offline version instead :)
Adarsh Kadam Gunnoo : One of the best Motorsports game you can play. Lots of strategy, keeps the game realistic, meets loads of challenges.
Chris Craig : Will not start. Crashes at 99% on loading screen. Tried uninstalling and tried cleaning cache and data. Upon reinstalling....same issue again. Galaxy Note 9.
Carl Robert : Had an Issue that prevented me from playing, but one of the Devs on their Discord was awesome and worked with me in chat to resolve the issue quickly and fixed my account. Awesome Game, Awesome dev team. Lookign forward to what they have planned for future content.
Egy Bolhácska : Awfully optimised; long loading times from one simple menu to the other. Information on how the game works is awfully very limited.
Daniel Orth : Very unbalanced gameplay. Destroying a very good game by making it online only, pay to win as well. Keep playing the better, old offline version then.
Shamar Lawson : Very great, a little laggy but that's ok never tested the electric cars yet, might try them very great graphics. I recommend to get this I'f you don't have f1 manager.
Russel Loh : It's laggy during race. Doesn't even response to pitstop command and suddenly you're on your last lap. If the game is not ready to go online, then don't promote it first. Uninstalled after playing for few hours.
Brent Hannen : Little bit tough on my device to the point where it slows it down abit but over all a fun experience with many aspects to challenge you as a player
Krushant Kayadra : The best motorsports managing game ever! Please add more features for in game managements like drs, car setups( like in mm2 or mm3), etc. I love your game. It would become the best game if you add these features.
Ruan Felipe : Fantastic game! Great progress from MM3! Just needs to be a little bit less power hungry and have more concistency with the connectivity.
Olavo Junior : It needs improvement! More time to change the strategy before the qualifying and the race... Also, it doesn't over the 4 LTE Network!
Zain Shahbaz : I love this game and i am really well progressed as well. But since the last update it is lagging and i am unable to play races. This is causing alot of pain cause i am trying to progress and it is blocking me. Please fix this and it is 5 stars.
Mike Alvarado : Impossible to play when entering a race. As soon you enter a race it lags uncontrollably. Cars go out of track, when you make a decision it finishes the race before it performs the action. I'm on 200Mbs symetric fiber optic.
Yee Leng Vang : with new update, games keeps crashing. I can't even log in to play. There goes all my time and effort. Need a fix asap.
Kurt : Keeps it challenging by keeping everyone equal. Downside is it can crash at times and it uses a lot of battery life.
Susanne Hansen : Teerible! I couldn't even play the game! It kept loading until it got to 99% and then stopped loading. Then it kept saying that the app wasn't responding! What a pile of junk
Michael Christen : I have tried 5 times in a row to enter a race and It always crashed. This is really annoying. Guys don't release a game that is not ready or can't handle 5k players.
Spades Hiroki : I don't understand the decision to make all car class race under the same grid. Every of those cars have different spec and BoP, which makes it unrealistic to have them race with no class separating them. As a fan of motorsport in general I need to give this a low rating because this feels like an insult to real life BoP.
Muhammad Arekat : Amazing game! I was addicted the first minute I tried this game out. I do not use my phone that often, so the waiting times are not a problem for me. I would definetely recommend this game! Good job, @Playsport Games
Some Person : This game has a lot of improvements over MM3, but it's really slow. Even if you pay. I really love MM3, and would love to see the improvements of MMO added to a MM4. But this game is not enjoyable to me. I'd far rather just pay for a game and enjoy it. As an aside, it's weird to see stock cars running with formula cars and I don't see why you need to retrieve running apps. Looks shady. I'd gladly give my money to MM4 or more content in MM3 tho. That is a great game that I love to play.
fast eddie : Started off fine then began freezing everytime I tried to advance or make in depth changes... After reboot froze every single time... Looked like fun but became unstable....
Michael Rehbock : Terrible. You just lost a good customer. I usually spend money on some games but this game just wasted 2 days on me. I will be deleting and not reloading. Sent plenty of messages to customer service about the games problems and no return answers. Goodluck
wayne walton : Absolutely terrible, so laggy, my cars keep going off the map. Just a poor poor attempt at a game. Shame really, if it worked it would be good.
Curtis Towns : Absolutely amazing game just does nothing but crash on my galaxy note not sure if beacuse of game or phone but no other game does it also i almost always have low connection even if my net is running perfect if these problems are fixed will give 5 stars for sure
bdills89 : It's a great game in l definetly love playing it but right now it keeps crashing or it wont load. The only thing I'd like to see is an offline mode
A Google user : I decided to give this game a try again because I really enjoyed playing. Then I was reminded why I uninstalled it. It lags terribly. I didn't even get to a race be cause I got tired of waiting to make a selection to do anything.
m d : Very well done by the developer...if u r good at strategy+driver development u won't need to make purchases...the trick is simple logic n s bit of knowledge on cars..great graphics...very enjoyable experience
GerritsRem : The 3rd installment of a Mobile MM financed by people who bought the PC version but never got anything after paying. Stop making these mobile ones start patching PC version nice to let us buy 2 dlc so you can make MMO but at least patch things at least listen to what the community has to say #SCAMMERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rokib Hassan : So I am updating my review after 1 month. And the support ticket that I opened remains at same state. Though I got a reply where they requested to wait and then vanished once again! This is really no less than a world class support.
Nathan Aristo : I see that the login problem has been resolved, But a new problem arises. Everywhere i am, wether it's a wifi or mobile data, i always get poor connection, i assure you my connection is not poor. Looking forward for a fix.
Felix Marak : Game crashes just after playing for 3 minutes. Sad, I believe they'll fix this soon. I have already reported and sent them the screenshot. Hope they see it. Anyone else having the same issue? How did you resolve it?
Jayson Chu : So far so good, great game and very interesting gameplay and nice graphics. Add more racing events.
Tobius Nelson : This game keeps crashing during races causing you to miss pit stops they also remove Qualifying Stats at Teir 3 Class B so they can place you at the rear in the Qualifying lap therefore you cant WIN and have to PAY to keep racers would be a pretty good game but this totally messed it up!!!😣🤬🤦🏽‍♂️💸
Bahn : Unplayable, I've tried multiple times to start a race and keep getting "unable to join race" even with perfect connection.
Stephen Osun : Awesome game. It puts you in the management seat, and gives you an insight into strategic decisions that are behind winning races.
Ronnie Edington : Game needs a better tutor system to start u out with. Especially during a race. But overall, i enjoy game. Still learning things.
Esa S : Simplify and fast paced if compared too MM3. Need reworking on driver status (like high smoothness is not significant different on race under 5 laps). Kudos to dev for race visualization. The only downside 🔻 is who is still using Facebook as in game friend nowsday?
avik baidya : Its a gud game but everytime i race even though my internet is working fine it shows poor network and im unable to do my strategy changes and pitstops properly.. This spoils my experience and is very frustrating
Balázs Szabó : Very nice game, but lagg destroys everything. Sometime it is fun to play but most of the time it is so laggy that the game stops and become unplayable. Fix the laggs and I will be happy to give 5 stars.
Santiago Pesaresi : Good design and idea, please check out the crashes when you try to change the breaks or any part between vehicles. Thanks you
Matthew Thomas : Out of dozens of live online games I play on this phone (pixel 4 xl), this is the only one that seems to have network issues, and somehow network issues translate into 1fps during races. Impossible to do anything in a race.
martin roberts : A good game but it is a bit buggy in a way that it keeps freezing or on occations shutdown altogether, graphics are great game play really cool just a shame I have this bug
Simon Cheshire : Game looks good and the concept is good, but unplayable, the minute you get into a race it just lags and lags, save yourself the download and dont waste your time
Norrie Rae : Great game until you have to race. Races are very laggy and unplayable at the moment worn be doing races until this is fixed.
Kevin Ackerman : This is a totally waste of time. After getting through the opening set of races I have not been able to get into a race for the last three and a half hours. Yet if I wait a few moments the room APPEARS to be populated. A game that will not let you play is not a game worth playing.
Andrew Schecker : After you reach a certain point the game clearly becomes pay-to-win and all the fun gets sucked out of it.... That is, of course, when the servers are working and you can actually get into a race.
Des Richards : The cost of development is high and the rewards for progress are very low but like most games nowadays you need to spend real money if you want better cars and drivers
Wilson Liew : Crash when viewing your cars tab, and occasionally crash after viewing some ads, constantly reconnecting. Spoils the fun.
Tristo Garza : A pretty good game where you can create and use your own strategy and win races. Simply the best management game ever.
Neil Johnson : Never been able to race. Have entered around 20 times, find 5 or 6 players then quits the race before it starts. Once it found 10 players and refused to actually load the race!
Pedro Santos : I'm locked in the first race, because when I was doing the first tuturial race the game crashed. When I reopened the game , the race was finished and I can't go to the next race. And I can't find a way to reset my account so I'm stuck in the tuturial. Could the support team contact me?
sean gish : I like this game I payed for the VIP but like other people the inability to play a game during peak hours completely ruins experience I can't play when I want I get excited to play get bounced out of lobbies 3 time in a row and I'm done! Won't be spending on this game again untill fixed
Ralph J : Great game, BUT it has so many bugs, always crashes, and cars are getting black while ingame. Please, fix this.
Casper Tong : It unplayable during actual race. The freeze just lag and then freeze. There is nothing you can do.
John Smith : Absolutely sucks, crashes have yet to play a full race, servers constantly being upgraded but never a scheduled upgrade when ever they feel like it its upgrading
Mark Gittelman : They were good at taking my money, but for 7 out of the last 8 days I can't join a race because of high player activity. Support said they're having server problems. So frustrating and no resolution in sight..
Apothecary : Really like the game bur all the sudden the game won't load past "finding players" when I want to race so I'm unable to race and progress. Hope it gets fixed soon
Ricardo Perez : Everything is way too expensive.. upgrading a racer costs alot close to or more than their contracts. winnings from races arent alot and u need padd to race... this game heavily favors paying over free players
Deepak Jagpal : Developer still not provided a refund and has been over a month Just paid again for VIP as the game does not load to race. RUBBISH money back please old post _______ I paid for perks at the top with every car upgrade to now in the related release have lost my progress and VIP status. Time to stop playing
James McDonald : Tried playing it via WiFi and 4g and so buggy and kept saying poor connection yet full bars showing. Would be great to actually complete a full race.
Yuki : Please fix the game pls. Why am i unable to join a match. I've been playing for a couple of days and the game is just spectacular but then I encountered this problem.. I want to play the game more
Patriot Concepts : Little explained. Starts by telling you you have a bad driver. Doesn't explain how to replace the bad driver. Ended up spending about 800k hiring drivers to replace the bad one before figuring out how to select driver to replace. At that point all money was gone n didn't make sense to keep playing and come from behind
Tommy Vercetti : During the races the game it was impossible to play.. Soo slow and it used to skip parts of the races.. Hope you guys will fix it..
Don Yenko : Game should be called Bug Manager. API request errors and 'cannot find a match' happen every few minutes. Races are unpossibly hard no matter what you do. Wasted several hours of my life on this, thank God I didn't make any purchases.
SD 9410 : It's a good game but not the best from playsport, after going to tier 6 you will face grind for money, and the online experience is mediocre, but its not that bad either, will play for few more days, if I feel the grind too much will quit...
Jaan : I am starting to hate it, all the good features of from the MM3 or MM2 are gone, also it crashes after 30 seconds of gameplay and it continiues forever and i restarted it like about 82 times and it still dosen't work
Damien Ward : Good game but having problems when trying to race , game stops working and said unable to find a mach and make you reset and try again and same thing happens over and over again plz fix this problem and will give game more star's.
Keith Ferguson : Fun to play....but horribly glitchy. As of right now...4/26/20, I can't even get it to load a race. Just keeps saying unable to connect, reloads the game.
Myles Gonzalez : Been playing for a while and game recently started crashing constantly and no longer opens. Please fix soon, ive spent a bit of money on this game!
Dody Susanto Wibowo : Difficult to maintain a good internet connection. My wifi or package data won't work well although my connection in superb condition. Please fix it.
A. Ferdian 56 : after dominating tier 1 to 5 you reach tier 6... thats where paying players dominate, with free players like me struggling to pay driver and engineer contracts and barely enough parts to upgrade and only few hundred K's of cash to spend. races goes bad from race 1, with a nearly impossible chance of winning the registration fee back... now I only race a few tmes a day, waiting for sponsor cash to register a race... definately not enjoyable anymore.
Chewy RC : Huawei P30 Pro - game and menus run fine, as soon as I join a race it lags heavily not even allowing me to press any buttons on screen. Very frustrating, uninstalled.
Krunkerplayz : It crashed in the first race. Now I got mm3 on sale and I love it. The races are in depth. But the online one crashes on the first race. Where did the quality go. I'm sorry but this gets 1 star.
Rayhaan Maganezi : Intense experience. Trying to manage 2 cars going around the track.. Dealing with when to pit and ever evolving strategies
Dennis Radjenovic : Way to hard to progress, takes way too long and the race part is boring as heck. At least add skip the race progression. 1 star uninstalled
Thomas Adams : Decent game. Reliant on decent internet connection. Frustrating at time and seems that you'll always lose to paying players but that's life.
damian armitage : Changing review, dont rush,take your time building your team,its actually really enjoyable,steady progress. I like it.
Spicer : When i renegotiated the contracts for my drivers and reduced the support stuff since i could afford to pay more, i never got them back so now i have no extra stuff and cant upgrade my cars.. please fix !!
Brett Warner : Been trying to do a race for almost 24 hours and everytime I do I get an error message saying there's server maintenance for 3 hours. Game has a lot of potential if I could actually play it.
Bryden Gray : Everything is awesome, glitches were fixed and now it's smooth to play, good concept and plenty of fun. Been enjoying this game for a few weeks
Nick Terzis : This is definitely my favorite Motorsport manager out there but...there are a lot of connection issues and crashes that ruin the game. Please do something with all these
Pablo : Game is good but the updates keep nessing up with the game. I can't play anymore as the latest update has me locked in the tier progression section (I have written support). Otherwise I would have given it 4/5 stars.
SGG : Most of the gameplay is good, but it gets infuriating in random qualifying because if you have a good car and are on softs, you'll always be in last place
Stelio Jennyfer : As soon as i saw the words motorsport manager i knew it would be a good game and better yet it had actual 3d model cars EDIT: the game is good but you should be able to change the colours like in mm3 but keep the livery shop
whirly1227 : Game crashes every 2 minutes with "unknown error". I love the series but refuse to play this until this game is fixed.
nathen horsley : Game crashes constantly saying it's experiencing high volume of player's it's a bs excuse I've seen player numbers high and got races no problem fix your game.
Trevor Hannah : Runs terrible on a Mate 20 Pro, laggy on a 200mb connection even after restarting my handset. Absolutely unplayable. It's a shame as I've bought the previous games.
Ylai : The game has a lot of potential. It is buggy and it forces you to progress into higher tier races. Why cant i just stay on my current tier and try to upgrade my car as much as possible so i could dominate that tier?
M Pulco : Poor lately, doing the race just fine, once the race finish the game switch off and it tells me didnt enter the race but yet still worn parts frame. Very poor
Not Johnson : Came back after a break and all progress lost. Game forcing me to go trough a lenghty and tedious tutorial that you can't skip. Too bad there is no 0/5.
Steven Vallis : Still early in the game, hence the 4 stars. Great graphics, wish I could zoom in on the car alittle more. Here's hoping the learning curve isn't too steep
Aniruddha Deshmukh : I love this game. Good level of competitiveness. Doesn't force you to buy with real world money. The only thing I would love is with the livery options. Add few more open wheel livery designs from the current lot of formula 1 like silver arrows Mercedes, McLaren, Renault or the liveries of the iconic cars from old era like legend Senna's McLaren MP4/4 or black and gold lotus 79 or Brawn GP1 to name a few. Please bring this in...
Rosyid Romdhoni : Frustrated! There's a chance it'll be a great game. But it keeps me no chance to play, always need to restart and restart.
Serkan Mecit : Well, I bought Motorsport Manager 2 and 3 just because of the simple beauty and quality of the game. This is the online version of a good quality game.
Matt Baker : Fun and semi-challenging to figure out different strategies that work. Money can be difficult to come by sometimes because of all the available upgrades, but not impossible.
Lee Warren : Was crashing all the time before the march 30 update, now it doesn't work at all. When u go to race it just says unable to find a match.
johnpaul negri : I really did enjoy the game but for the simple fact I tried to play this game for three days now and every attempt gets rejected simply because there are not enough people playing at one time why can't there be an offline mode or something I think it's dumb that this is basically a baby step more then an idle game and you can't get anyware in the game because nobody else plays this except for the few that have patience
Sunil Babu : The game is extremely glitchy and takes very long to load. If developers doesn't improve or update. This game will be utter failure.
Danny V : Why is this new update soo buggy? In the weekend Formula races, my Attack Mode is ready & set, but it will not activate thru the whole race. How can I compete if you're handicapping me? The rest of the game play is soo choppy in frames now. Before the July 2020 update, it was just fine.
EA PARADISE : What the hell is going on whenever i try to start a new race i face with "no match found" and the game restart i've been playing for a month and the game was really good but now why am i should pay this app anymore and waste my time when it doesn't work
Tom Smith : Was enjoying this game. Then my account was reset with no explanation, tried to contact them by email 4 times with no respone. Spent over £50 pounds in the last month with a montly vip pass and others purchases. Poor service
Ben Handley : Can't find a match, with it being an online game, now makes it pointless. finds others players, but doesn't enter race.
Chris Dumbell : Needs a little work but played the off line games and they are fantastic. Maybe make the store a little cheaper.
Mark Entelis : screenloads are insanely long. restarting takes ages. game crashes a lot. all of this but still ill say it has its moments
Edwin : Game is great, but those tutorials as a first timer are annoying, I know it makes sense to have them but it could be selective as if I want.
Stav : Samsung S8+. Game loads up sometimes and then says needs update. Click Update and it brings me to play store and says "Not Found". Unable to play at all. Please can we get a fix for this?
Bo_Cil Oke : Since the first game was released, its so amazing. Bring new experience and knowledge to the people who dont know the real Formula competition there. Its the best management game ever.
Crit - C : Nothing but an mtx pushing cash grab. Extremely dumbed down version of the pc version. No local single player only mode. Tutorial is very bare bones.
Kieran Lee : Was playable until last update. Now races are incredibly choppy and seem to show me every 20th frame of the animation after a few second delay
Dylan Huckeba : Accidentally clicked F1 while meaning to click Stock Cars and now it won't let me go back to start from stock cars. I've even removed the log in from my Facebook and eveyt time it starts me back where I left off from F1. I've uninstalled and reinstalled app multiple times and still the same thing. I just want to completely restart and it won't let me.
David : Really enjoyable game....when it works. The race loading is so glitchy over 50% of the time I cant find a race or I get an error.
Marcus Dugan : This used to be a great game, buy now it constantly freezes and runs so slowly, it's virtually unplayable.
Scott Gerrity : A good little management sim, only thing that could be improved is the graphics could be a little better an more camera view choices would be nice
Michael Sadler : Was a great game untill i got promoted to Tier 4, now I can not get a sniff of the top 15... I have upgraded everything to the max and got real good drivers. Also says my goal is to finish 1st every race but how is that possible
Paul Murphy : Zero stars, if that was possible, due to only having Facebook as a login option. The app only has "guest" mode for people who do not use Facebook (and are unwilling to be forced into using it).
Georgi Panayotov : I don't liked it. When the pre iOS two game went out I had really high expectations about this game. I thought that there will be a career mode like the others versus the ai and I don't like this game. Please make the next game better.
GURU WALKER : When i click the video rewards to watch video the game just freezing and i closed the game and launched the game but the same thing continues ☹️ I had this issue after the last 2 new update before the new update its working fine please fix it
DSG Racing : Pathetic, can only have an account if one has a facebook page, how ignorant, seems the only people i meet that have a fb page are losers, ive never had one, never will. Ashame, as previous versions have been enjoyable.
Ralph R-ben Abehoyla : This game is great. But the connection is bad. To the developer, i suggest to add more female driver. In the all game. I have nothing to say,i love, this sport car manager.i can't wait to the next update... ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️☺️
Vaughan Watkins : Just another pay to win race game. Only play this if your willing to pay. Not worth 1 penny for me so uninstalled. When u lose to paying players EVERYTIME no matter what your stats are or what strategies u use then it becomes obvious your wasting your time UNLESS U SPEND!! Don't take my word read other reviews & there's a common theme running thro them. They don't change it because developers ONLY CARE ABOUT MONEY!!! SAD ACTS!
Clayton Brown : If you liked the other games from the devs, you won't like this. It's a cash grab. Not realistic. Crazy boosts you can purchase. More pay to win.
dark Heloizea : I have to reinstall multiple times! 1st time reinstall due to game stucked at loading even restart many times, 2nd time reinstall due to cannot retrieve from failed to retrieved fb profile then have no option to change profile
Daz Griffiths : Game constantly stops when trying to enter a race. Was fun to play when it worked but now it's just a buggy mess.
haris a.n. : This game is great, because it has many great features. It's better if the developer add Formula 1 event like Formula E event. Thank you. 🙏🏻✌🏻
An Burrito : A solid game all round, microtransactions are pretty obvious and the endurance is pretty pricey but not necessary, would love rally added
Im3agle : I keep getting an error and having to restart while navigating the menu. Fun gameplay but crashes pretty often
Ernesto Salazar : Graphisa are great but the mechanics are built for a p2w cash grab, upgrades and part builds take materials and time to build, which of course you can buy.
Fathoni Ridlo : Latest upgrade is worst. Always show notification poor connection when the WiFi or mobile data I used is very stable. Force closed is more often, please fix it
Pang Henry : Always shown poor connection while my home fibre is high speed broadband. Lagging issue cause ranking from leader to last. Please fix. Thank you.
Achyar Nur Sohid : Dude, please fix your game man. It's always disconnected for no reason and ask for a restart IN THE MIDDLE OF THE RACE! Its really annoying, I think it is getting worse since the last update.
Matthew Gammon : I loved the older versions of this game that were actually challenging but now all you do is tell your drivers when to pit, you cant even mess with there set up.
chris alexander : Was able to set up my team but nothing else. Keep getting the message that server will be down for the next 3 hours. Glad I waited for this to download. Please fix or remove from marketplace.
Rafael Raupp : Game is broken on Pixel 4 XL. For some reason it's completely laggy when you enter a match... This should be fixed ASAP as it makes the game unplayable
Lighter Games Studios : Cannot compare with awesome Motorsport Manager Mobile 3... This is.... Bad... Worse than bad... Im a big fan of MMM3 but this.... I uninstalled it after a while... Its a bit pay to win too so... No... This is not a game which I could call a good game...
Pinn Sinratchatanan : I was rating this game for 5 stars, then I found a major bug. My HQ upgraded stuck at level 8. The countdown doesn't start. The admin of facebook page doesn't reply me. Please fix asap. until then my rating will be 1 star like this from now on.
zacktiger121me : Rally didn't expect to be this good. Just started everything is good untill I can went into race track were I didn't had any tutorial of how do I do pit stop or which tire I put or what are those energy things are should have been explained otherwise great game, I recommend to mature audiences
ZombieSlayer : Pretty good. Could be better but good. I just dont like how you cant give your drivers commands, go faster, go slower, block, etc.
Benjamin Mayo Korompis : Now we're talking, Great Job Guys i reinstall the game after the fb login crash, now the game runs perfectly like i or we the players want, thank you i know this Motorsports Manager game never disappoint the player. Keep up the good work 💪
Aviceinna El Hadi : I have a problem, when i download and install it from google play its works and when i connect to facebook its become not responding and force close, when i restart the game its not working and says something wrong error 1001, and i have no idea a how to get playing again, thanks.
Aman Saini : It connected with wifi and game shows poor connection..really game was too good due to such continuous issues am going uninstall it.. Disappointed with technical team..
Andrew Botha : Awesome game but you battle to race, always pops up saying they are experiencing high volume and you have to wait most of the time it kicks you saying you unable to connect
Hjalte Kielstrup : Very fun game, I have also played the previous versions. But it is absolutely unplayable due to constant lag. Please fix this.
Fariecha Hady : Gameplay was amazing... But I've got many error when in the middle of race and crash apps... But my money and driver contract still pay...
Fred Schnepf : Pay to play game. You keep running out of money. You have to wait ages to get sponsoring money etc. Waste of time. There's no balance between other players unless you spend real money in the game. 1 star.
Nick Gatto : Runs like a slide show on Pixel 4, even with smooth display disabled and on WiFi. Very disappointing since previous MM games ran flawlessly.
Chris B : Love the concept. Gameplay is good. App crashes 2 out of 3 races. Keep working on it!
Scott Scout : Getting 3 issues since the latest update: 1. UNABLE TO FIND MATCH Please try again. RESTART 2. ONE MOMENT PLEASE Motorsport Manager Online is experiencing high player activity. You will join the game soon. QUIT 3. ERROR Error Code 1123: /Client/GetUserReadOnlyData Unknown Error RESTART. GET IN TOUCH
Agung Widodo : i love this game...before last update, new server is suck...and the rival is unbeleivable. 3 position then clinch and i drop down to 7. I use soft tire and power bost...and i can not pass my rival using hard tire. WOW
Teddy Jusman : Loved this game... But now so many errors on race mode, ask for restart the game all the time, and sometime can't find the match...
Aditya Widyantoro : Ive been playing this game for 2 days. And now i even can't play anymore, always end up with sign "Unable to matching". This game has 20k online player at that time and can't even matching 10 people?
Harold Thambipillai : Unplayable the minute you start a race. It just lags, button presses take forever. Very juddery even with settings at lowest
will gladulich : The concept of the game is excellent, and how it plays is great. There's still a few issues that needs ironing out.
Justin Schram : It loads way too slow and always seems to lag when you go into a race or go into any modes on the home screen.
Tiago JH : I have a big issue with this game... I start playing and then it's 3 hours later. Pilots training should be more diverse and cheaper. Keep up the good work
Dino : Another mobile game made lazily. Even if you max out everything it gives some people a 2 second a lap advantage and let's them blow away. If they made it fair and actually skilful, this game would be awesome.
Brendan Onyejikwe : challanging, insightful, fun, and progressive. it is a great game if you have some time to kill, and not be board.
Praveen : Its a good motorsport manager game . UI is very user friendly and i never had any lag . Well developed game. -
Seb Brd : MM3 is my favourite game on mobile, unfortunately the only version is too greedy and require a lot of payments to move forward in the game, not a great game experience. Can't wait for MM4 !
Italo Ramos : It's always showing messages telling me that it can't find the race.. The game is good, but it seems like the server doesn't comport the amount of players
david tupper : I want to like the game ..I really do. However most of the time I'm unable to play. Takes minutes trying to get in a race only to get "Unable to find match". All day yesterday and so far today the same thing.
Jakub Sobczak : Lmao spent about 40 quid on this game before. My phone failed to work. Got a new phone and it's all gone because I don't have a spyware Facebook. No thanks. I'll stick with MM3 which is actually good or iGP Manager. Really disappointed you don't use Google Play Games like every single other game at this point. 0/5. Kind of like a Bethesda or EA owned game at this point. Please give up on making games if you're going to force people to sign up for other media other than what your game is sold at.
Jason Yang : Hello, this game is extremely choppy even when settings are on low, SFX off, music off, and vibration off. Playing on a Mate 20 Pro. I had no issues playing MM2 or MM3
anwar abraham : Good game but always crash and to get back in the game take a long time to load. Shouldn't waste that much time just playing it. Getting bored waiting to load. 👎
Adrian Postolachi : May be a nice game overall, but the connectivity makes it unplayable even while switching from 5G WiFi to 5G data for comparison! Not recommending!
Giandomenico Cassano : I like the game till when it starts lagging and you fxxk the money and the cars. It's not cause my connections for sure. In this case you should give back the money to enter the race.
Paul DeGraaf : It's a good game, but getvmore the 15k people on it and their is ZERO chance you'll get a race in... Servers get too over loaded. A couple messages will pop up and then it'll ask you to restart the game over and over.
Stephan Goldschmidt : It is unplayable. Every race is lagging so bad, can't get in your pit stops. Don't know what's going on in the race. Really frustrating.
Jonathan Stokes : Don't enjoy the expensive packs and free to play model ... Much better before as a one off purchase, will be the first Motorsport manager game I won't play since the release off the first.
SportsDad001 : PAY, PAY, PAY, PAY..... to play Graphics are great... IF you run out of funds it might be a couple DAYS watching videos to building them back up so you can race. OR Your driver's will demand more than you have and quit... Leaving your team unable to compete at all.
Wesley Huang : High volume of players??? 18200+ online players kill the server! I can't get into race anymore, tired with the loading screen. It's not high volume, developers, go get better servers
Justin Jenner : Fresh... Honestly a fresh new game with new concepts. Great start developers. When I get more into the game I will give a more detailed description. Great game.
Gary Williams : Outstanding improvement on previous version! Love the new look and it is easier to play and still challenging!
Erik Dillow : Awesome attention to detail, whilst not too technically challenging. Definitely a great game for motorsports enthusiasts!
Thomas Mager : After getting to t4 cant even compede if you wont push huge amount of cash to game to keep feeeding nonsence til you get over, coz you get only expenses per race so you cant renew contracts build or upgrade stuff. absolute nonsence simulations, cars doing so silly overtakes that im gonna eventually puke from it...
Kane Lisman : Enthralling game, quite a bit of fun trying to manage it all but once you have the feel of it its a bit addictive.
Sean C : They fixed the couple of issues that were serious but now that I'm in T6 I'm blown away.. so it cost 500k to enter the race.. I needed to get 1st place as always to get the bonus 200k or whatever it was and it says 1m+ as the top prize which btw was T5 top prize.. Make sense??.. so my first race I came in 2nd and 10th .. I won only 600k!?!?!.. so 100k profit for 2nd place in T6 !??..winning is almost impossible now unless ur pumping 20+$ a day into the game. I can't even resign a driver
Edison Piedrahita : Game is good but getting parts to upgrade the car is difficult and can't have 2 good drivers are the same time can you guys make easy to get parts to upgrade
Tim Ngiap Yoon : I love this game but each time im in a match, the game tells me to restart due to a "not finding a match. please try again" and forcing me to restart
david Meredith : Had the game 3 weeks updated everytime there's an update emailed developer twice and still can get past the loading start screen could not have had a worse experience
Ryan Parks : Was alright when I started but now all you get is "unable to find match" or "high player volume" then you need to restart and repeat.
Elie Sarkis : Thank you for your help and solve the issue of downloading the update. Also thank you for the reward, you are making a great work especially in that coronavirus period
Sir Gil : Absolutely fantastic just wish there was an offline arcade mode for those boring moments on a road trip or time you don't have WiFi for an extended time
Kozloff : Nice game. Though there is one bug where upgrading the facilities, it pops up with something like "dsfghd dhfhhshfhs dhfjshdgshd". Plus, there's a lot of IAP's, which is annoying.
Brandon Mildon : Overall pretty cool game. I think it should be more in depth. More car, race, player options. Game leaves me wanting more.
Niyaz Shaffi : Its unplayable now. Everytime I try to get into a race, it throws error. Unable to find match
David Masheder : awful, constantly crashes, never even close to winning a race and far too conplicated with way too many sub menus and variations....deleted
Toby S : Leave in unloaded for now, race's just glitch and freeze up constantly so you can't do anything. Like the idea etc but also you won't get a stock car, F1 and Formula E on the track at the same time... No one who was involved a Motorsport fan? Lol
Brett Mimaran : Several days now I have attempted to play since installing it. Even after yesterdays alleged update I still have no access. I'll try again in a few months. Uninstalling.
BayuPermadi 55 : Its too buggy compared with the offline version (MM3). Always freezing in the main menu & on the ad service
Andrew Caldwell : Would rate a 5 star but the game constantly freezes I'm looking at load screens more than the game and it hardly ever froze until I put money on it now I cant even watch a video to half my build time
Filip Cleeren : After 3 ever improving games in the series and an excellent desktop game, this is a step in the wrong direction.
Jesse Martineau : Great idea, but as soon as you race it's laggy, like unplayable laggy, I'm on a pixel 4 xl, shouldn't be an issue.
John Asirrh Caridad : Except for the ads money bug, everythings perfect. The economy is great that no player would be powerful even if the players winning constantly.
Mike Knotts : I love it I love the new idea I love being the manager I love watching instead of having to deal with it it's more realistic if you're Nascar fan I think you will really like it takes a lot to get used to though I still suck at it
Kostya Morozov : Full of bugs. Main one being the liveries just disappear from the car Midway through the race and all cars are just black. Ridiculous
Elliott Daniels : It is a fun game when it works. First day the game crashed after every race. The second day it wouldn't even connect to the race.
Idiotic Girrafe : Way too laggy! The game would be great if you could actually see what you're doing. I had moments where I was at 0 FPS for 3 seconds
BlackFire : Really good racing game! Good graphics and games runs smooth but requires a good internet connection. Other than that 10/10! Would recommend
Jorge Leao : Good game so far with nice aesthetics and nice game play. I have only played one race, so I will be updating how it performs on the long run.
Daniel Wamono : It would be cool if we could swap money for tokens. Tier 6 upgrades are really token heavy if you don't manage to collect enough materials.
Tom Harvey : Love it. Enjoyable game, just a bit buggy at times with difficulty accessing races.
Swatantra Singh : When it comes to collect the event rewards, the game always gets restart and I am not able to open the game. Please solve it !!
Simit Shah : Good game....but give us a camera switch option to directly see a track from car ....and just also give recommended contract of driver so atleast we can accept it and driver can join immediately I gave a good deal to driver than also driver left ....it's bad ....So please see the above points ...overall 8.5/10
Graeme Marsh : I signed up for the VIP Pass for first time only to be annoyed that you still have to watch ads to claim certain rewards etc, this is utterly ridiculous.
Uday Dabas : This is much much better game then f1 manager.I like the whole MM series but I think that they need to make the prices a bit more comfortable.overall a really good experience.MM 3 too easy so yeah it is definitely an improvement
Liam A : Literally cannot finish any race. Constant glitches and freezes where the game goes unresponsive.
Itz Joe Munroe : This game is wonderful. I've been playing motorsports manager mobile for a long time and now I get to do it online. The only thing though is i would like a practice mode.
Christiaan Dique : Great game but now after the event I get a pop up message stating that I have to restart or raise a complaint. I've raised plenty of complaints nothings happening. Please help.
irma lopez : Whenever you have to upgrade parts and drivers it gets confusing, but it doesn't matter because the game is still fun.
Gareth Diamond : Looked good on into soon as trying to find 1st unable to find race 5 times on bounce what a joke of a games times out way to soon get to 5 to 7 players then just quits what a waste of time u need to go bk to drawing board what a failure when u can't even start game loooooooool
Damian Ellis : Very complicated for or average person is looking to play for a minute and not be all super in-depth into the game have a life outside the game
psr surya : Absolutely disgusting ! To be short, you cannot be on top unless you buy in-game cash with real cash. In any game if you are on top you should be receiving ample in-game cash. But this idiot developers force us to buy with real money. If you don't buy you can never come above top 10. That's how they designed the game. It's like the developers play the game rather than us with joy. Fktsrds !
Jeff Love : Completely unplayable on my Huawei Mate 20 Pro. Lags beyond belief to the point I didn't even finish the first race because I had no idea what was happening. Shame because it looked good.
Muh Han : Video Reward make game freze sometimes. it is ridiculius to pay upgrade for driver in early tier when same amount of money can sign new driver with stats above current driver. And driver upgrade is ridiculius expensive. You forced to do it in higher tier. In summary it is PAY TO WIN.
Zhuoluo Chen : Crashes after connecting to FB. I tried connecting to FB, following which the game crashed and does not open anymore. Please advise
Emmanuel Conde : Fun while it works. It is unable to connect to players consistently. Tried 7 times in a row.
Yannick B-Fournier : Good game in general! But you need a good internet connection if not you wont be able to play it. I still think motorsport manager 2 is the best of all 4games!
paul layman : Beautiful cool graphics...quite tricky...I wish there was tutorial with like a arrow of a hand pointing what to do....but it's a cool game...nice graphics....cool fun game
Afiq Harith : This game actually great to play, but unfortunately its so lag that i cant stand to wait or close the app, i don't know what causes the lag issue. Please fix the lag issue if you want more user to use this app
Dare Dream : I enjoy the game.... But i want to say that to the game developer if you add a feature that we can see the map on exhibition match than it will be good for us. Thank you.
Peter Ganzon : Love the game, but need more prize money for races. I've got to wait to make money and its starting to get annoying.
Sargent Silver : Not happy with the game, progression wouldn't be reached unless I open my wallet. Other players who pay for the game would always be on top. If you are a person who doesn't put money into games this is not a game for you.
Yew Wei : The game crashes when I link into my FB account and restart it. The game is not playable for me unless i reinstall without linking to FB. Please have it linkable to Google Play as well.
Steve : Takes plenty from the base game (Motorsport Manager) and introduces multiplayer elements. Great fun, well paced. Microtransactions don't smack you over the head.
Brian Cooke : Its a con. As soon as I completed tier 3 it was unable to find matches, I wonder if its because I haven't bought any of their rip off packages?? Why would they want people playing their game and not making any money!? They Don't answer twitter complaints, its as if they know!! Pay and you'll find matches after Tier 3! Don't and you won't, AVOID!!!
Glenn Wood : A pay to win version of MM3. MM2 and MM3 are great. This free version has a pay to win mechanic so you end up with less racing and more watching adverts and waiting for hours for timers to upgrade stuff. Just buy MM3.
Douglas Duncan : The game keeps shutting down on me during races. There is a bug and it better be fix, the update didn't help
5012 Likith. V D : A great game to play and enjoy. Having a great time playing it. But I have a great problem. Can you add Google play games account to bind it . Please update it fast . Please send it
Russell Dickinson : They ruined what was a great game, it's always lagging, the good features of 2 and 3 have been stripped and anything good you have to pay for, don't bother with this game, download MM3
Chris Wilkinson : Would be an easy 5 star if I could actually race, constantly telling me due to high volume online it can't get me in a race, reset and repeat.
Remarc Balisi : Very nice game. Not really familiar with how race works but i enjoyed playing this much. This gamr has smooth graphics and experience.
Prashant Joshi : This game has been totally screwed after recent update. I join a race ; automatically logs out of the race ; app restarts automatically. What have u done guys. Please test your application thoroughly before releasing, pathetic!!
Clint van Hoesel : It is not even online and way too easy. EDIT: Recently tried it again, but logging in with Facebook leads to crashing on 61%
Wesley Coppersmith : Fantastic! It's graphics are good to and even though it says car manager not only do you get to manage but in a way you also drive
Tony : It's a great game but the problem is that i made an in-game purchase and although money was taken from my bank i did not recieve anything in-game. It's straight up robbery.
Dominic Pilling : Impossible to find a race. Otherwise great game just wish could see what the driver wants from contract like on mm1 and mm2. Also to be able to renegotiate before it expires
Justas Putelis : Awesome game but.... Its so lagging. I did enter my first race from second time. Green lights. Coming to the first corner and thats it. I believe we finished first lap and I'm stuck at the first corner.
Aryo Budilaksono : The game is quitting itself when i log in to Facebook and now i can't play it again because the game quiting itself all over again when i launch the game please fix it. Thank you
Alex Patrick : I a great game and I like it the way of managing but just too lag to play the game.. When racing.. Keep on laging and press the pit button and not even pit at all..
Lee Etherington : Good game to pass time but could do with a driver training option to help keep stats at a competative level.
Sam Ogier : Kinda disappointed if I'm honest, the lack of an offline mode makes it boring really. the removal leagues and fact that I have to pay for any cars or livery ruins the game. I'll stick to mm3 thanks
DSOFRONEA45 : Its very fun at the start but when u progress its to hard your just crawling round the back and it gets very boring that your not fighting anyone at the front
Adam Blanchard : Total rubbish. I've had this game for 3 months and have not been able to get into a single race. Kind of defeats the purpose of a racing game when you can not race.
Iqbal Satrio Nindito : Ridiculous lag lately. Game was running like in 5 fps or 10 at max. My internet is fine at around 50 mbps and the game was fine some time ago as well. Something is broken in the game server i think.
Bill Watts : Game crashed on first race, now always gets stuck showing the tiers and can't click anything to progress.
Joe breezy : It's a good game up until it doesn't work. Haven't been able to race for 2 days now due to "high player activity". If it's as low as 9k or up to 20k people, it says the same thing. Then it cant find a race.
Andrew Williams : Very poor game looks great but when I go to race its really slow and buttons don't respond to touches for ages phone is a Huawei p30 pro. Works on my old Huawei mate 10 Pro so not sure what the issue is
Angga Andika : A shame, that this whole game didnt connect to google play games. I lost my progress because i thought google got me safe but it turns out you need to sync to facebook to save your progress. A shame really
TheCarGuy123 : I love it especially being a big f1 fan only one thing maybe we could have a more in depth practice events and more in depth quali but other than that brilliant and would definitely recommend it.
Raymond Noah : I really like the concept of the game and how they made it but the only problem is once you log onto a race it lags so you can't see anything or it will not let you race at all.
Mushthafa Kamil : I even can't start race after 10 times trying. Always automatically fail after 5 or 6 players connected then ask me to restart.
Eric Dhulst : Since downloading, I have been unable to race. Keeps telling me that it could not find a race. I'm in wifi coverage. I can't comment on game play, because I can't play.
Jacob Dyer : I've had this game before and it was playable but now after reinstalling it crashes on startup everytime so I can't even play it now.
adenoah1 : It one of my fafrot games or thoe when you start the game its horendos but it gets better through the cureer so great game but not the best its cud be.also,there should ve more possabilitie of rain,sc,vsc and red flags to make it intresting.also when you are a pro can you make your own f2 f3 team.that would be EFFIC i hope people agree with this in rhe coments below.(and this game is about strategy and the driver not the car AND can there be legendary drivers when you have the HQ facilaties don
Graham Douglas : Not sure what's happened but game is unplayable now. Doesn't run smoothly and now missing laps and driving on water.
Chris Litton : Terribly laggy. Servers look to be chocked as constant disconnects and game neer unplayable. Will not return to this or any of your other games.
Mark Wheatley : Keeps telling me to update but there is no option on the playstore, very annoying and poor service, unistalled and reinstalled and no difference
Dennis Ng : Just endless ads. Previous versions were so much better. Such a shame it's just become an ad platform.
sanket barik : I cannot play this game anymore. This game is pay to win. How can i compete with players with higher stats when i do not get rewarded. Also the match making is so ridiculous how can i compete with players 500-600 ratings above than me.
Ashley Chick : Game seems OK, however the race is very laggy and jumpy. Makes it poor to watch and borderline unplayable.
John Nicola : Awful, error code after error code, then crashed and caused my phone to freeze.. I have a new galaxy s10 plus, this game is unstable. Uninstalled!
Zian Michael Quiling : It started all great but when everything gets expensive, everything gets difficult.. I got poor and upu need money to get more money like what?! Its a pay to win game I saw so much offers that look like that make you win.
Silvio Scicluna : Addictive racing game. The only problem is that no matter how strong your network signal the game suffers from poor connection most of the time
Riley Tomlinson : Excellent, why? The interface of the game is SO simple to understand... the gameplay is so intriguing and the overall gameplay is amazing, great game!
Berkay Erinmez : There are lots of bugs and crash i hope u fix them and its freezing all the time its really annoying needs to be stabilized
BList : It won't let me make pit stops ever since the new update no matter how many times I cancel and try to send them into the pits they don't ever go in and it only seems to be me cuz everybody else can pits just fine
You wont even know : It was all fun, until at some point I cannot swap tyres before the race start. When it was raining heavily, all your opponents were using wet tyres, and there you were the only one using Soft Tyres.
Ace Gaming : 2 stars for now up Untill someone fixes the insane lag in garage.. Game runs smooth as silk in other areas edit.. I sent a ticket on the 19th October 2020... No response as of yet.. Downgrade to 1 star... Update no response yet 13/04/2021
Jb Breig : Good game, great racing strategies. Just wish I could schedule pit stops more than just one lap in advance.
Chris Moylan : Its not bad, I have one question for the Devs, would be nice to add individual status for our drivers. How do you know how many races they had won? Not your overall states bit it would be nice to know how many races the drivers have won
George Geeko : This game is so fun, but I get "Poor connection" all the time. I have very low latency, my bandwidth is 100/10 but the game is still impossible to play. I know it can't be my fault.
Vic Holland : First all its a very good game to play however i have lost many coins & pit tokens due to fact once your race starts we lose connection. why is this when i know i have strong enough Wifi signal in my home its bloody infuriating when we bulid your cars to a good standard only tolose racies and money & postioning in league tables.Can someone explain why and there is a way round this issue.many thanks..
kyle lloyd : Everytime i try to enter a game it keeps saying that i cannot be matched into a game. Has been happening for the last 48hrs now. I have now sent an email to support
what Only : A brief resume: - almost freezes my phone while exiting app - unbalanced as in when you start not obtaining enough good results, you will need to wait for sponsors or pay - good gameplay afterall
Steven Moxon : Stopped working. Got to 5th tier. Paid for premium and now the game won't load. Frustrated as it's a great game up to that point.
Tobie Essam : Enjoyed the offline version, so far this is good, let's see how much it changes once you start moving up the levels?
Dêvëłprø 07 : This game is a ram eater and it making my phone so laggy all time. I'd rather play big storage game than ram eater game like this one. If this game eat 3/8 of the game, it would be 5 stars from me. You just need to improve that issue before your game gets worse than this.
Jose Roman : Awesome game Exciting on each turn, very competitive just a few cars to race with but customizable designs.
Zintax D'zinner : Very good game but now im stuck in the loading screen. Giving a 2 star until its fixed. I was flying high and then I cant open the game past the loading screen.
MSG KH : This update got a lot of bugs, Please fix it, I'm tired of downloading again and again to play. Once i got to Waiting for player part,the game Keep loading forever. I will give 5,after u guys fix it
Petar Stoj : I love the game, bring the qualifying style from MM3 into this, only problem is it crashed quite a lot, I have an Oppo R17 Pro. But good work with the game :)
Nicander Rizky : The game is fun, but i'm getting frustrated as the app keeps crashing when i try to watch a video to get more cash.
Philip Nulty : Very slow to load and also slows the whole phone down considerably if you don't fully close the app.
Muda Sulaiman : This is a really good game, maybe this is the foundation for MM 4 ? I really think that livery editor will be pretty neat. It will be very good if you can add the feature.
Willie Malherbe : Losing money and tokens due to bad server connection is frustrating. Don't bother if you don't have the patience to try and connect numerous times to race.
Clement Chang : Super laggy, I'm having stable wifi, the game keeps saying that I have poor connection, caused me so many wins, all because the lag made me pit 1 lap later (crucial because the game normally only have 10 laps or so)
Robert Dixon : Can only play for a certain amount of time before it closes really enjoying the game and struggling to play longer if this don't get resolved then I will delete the game
Wayne Martinson : There is too much lag to enjoy the game, there is an issue with the game freezing up. What I have gotten to play of it, it seems like it would have been a great game.
Algirdas Gricius : Constantly kicked out of the game because of "high" player count. In reality it's 3000 people online. Maybe it's time to invest in the infrastructure?
Benjamin Dzul : Please please please make an offline version of the game. It is fun, but I just want to play this game offline because it has Formula e and other racing cars.
Jamie Cashmore : Super laggy, cars just drive off the track. Miss laps because of lag so then. Miss a pit stop. Get the connection sorted and itd be a 5* game
Philip Faster : good game, but you need more money to get faster upgrades. or you could grind with lower score to get more money first, with the drawback of lower your avg winning position
Samuel Voss : Very well designed game. Options to buy but not necessary to advance through and enjoy the game. Thoroughly recommend for any motorsport fan.
Łukasz Jaworski : Unfortunately game keeps crushing when it's loading, and I can't play it at all. It started when I linked my account with FB Any chance to fix it?
Mohd Shah Muhaimi Harun : I like it soo much! I was not able to race after reaching TIER 4 connection error kept occuring even though I have full coverage on my network... why is that???
Paul Grijalva : This game is terrible. Because you can have a good driver and the best parts for your car. And qualify highly and not ever come in not even in third place
Yuvinder Singh : Hiring a new driver is unpredictable. How am I suppose to know what a drivers maximum requirements before I make an offer. I need to know what are the requirements so that I can negotiate. Otherwise I can not hire good drivers and it completely destroys my momentum in the championship. Please make an info column in the driver's stat about there maximum requirements. I would also recommending adding an academy where I could train young drivers, and hire them, lease them, or sell them.
Acap Rodriguez : It is indeed a good game. Good gameplay. You can choose which cars your team will be driving. That's cool. Highly recommended.
ashwin s ashwin : Having an issue while playing, error occurs unable to find a match re-start I guess there is a bug in the app check
Tim Wells : Required Facebook sync for data mining your account. You can play as guest, but don't trust them now. Uninstalling now.
Mark Anthony Vista : I keep on disconnecting. I've got a stable internet connection yet every 15 mins i get disconnected from the server.. can't even play or properly set my profile.
Shahz Khan : It is my first time to this game install experience is not good but I like this game my childhood to veido show graphics are very good car are very good and this game is one of the most wonderful game and this company to prepared this game a lot of work day and night special special thanks to this company Thank you so much
Shaunix Tech : Great game when you can play. Always "higher player activity, you will join a game soon" ... But you won't. 2 days of trying to play. Don't bother.
David Ambrosio : Good fun game, just poorly optimised, get a lot of client restarts, uses too much battery and makes my phone get very hot. Please fix these issues
Mohamad Gassama : It's a really good game where you can lead your team to glory. Mainly it's about strategy but it's nice to be actually race people from around the world. That's why I am giving is 5 stars!
Craig Lee : All about the money!!! I understand that teams need to get paid but this is a bit much now. Could easily spend about £100 on this game. Shame really as I used to love it
Daniel Guastella : Just started but if you follow racing in general, you should find it easy to play and figure out how to get the most out of your experience with it.
Ezra Wong : Sometimes prone to freeze. But restarting phone will fix it. Gameplay is excellent.
Bertus Minnaar : This game is what i always wanted Motorsport Manager to be. The IAP is expensive, but so far i am in the platinum league and Tier 6 and i could get here without spending 1 cent.
Cozma Valentin : At all time when i intro the race is problem with Internet connection ( my Internet is fast like 120 mb, i play call off duty on the same Internet and is working perfectly) It's the worst game I've ever played
Darryl Darnell : Update killed it for me! New update removed driver startigies that were critical to my own stratagy that I spent months delveoping, and just like that they fu*ked me! Im done. Deleted the app and never playing again!
Jake Law : Rubbish game. Very very glitchy. Does one lap fine then glitches out and just take a long time to do anything. Had high hopes for this game and let me down
Jonathan Arocho : Fun but also can be a little laggy at times. It is a little difficult to customize but with some time you can be happy with what you got
Aaron Campion : Everything i hoped for. Really was looking forward to this game. Have encountered a few stutters but im playing on s8 which is an oldish phone. Really enjoying the game
Jack Woodhouse : I love the way the game plays but, I cant get past the first race everytime I finish it just loads on please wait and freezes.
Mariusz Peterewas : Everything is all good except the gameplay it lags so much you can even play it , says poor connection even tho I've a very good one and same thing on WiFi , how can you make a online game that can't cope online ? Sort it
Ajith Subrammanya : The Game is very good but it crashes the moment it is started I cant even start the game before it loads its getting crashed this is happening from 3 days
Christopher and Jodie Liu : Fun game to play but I don't understand how you can roll over the finish line in first but the car is retired and then you are last.... The car finished the race
Dark Faust : I wish there's some livery design option especially red color on formula car and also that can be design by ourself instead of buying it with expensive price.
Daniel Ramos : Bad. Complete waist of Internet. There are so many better games than this. Don't waist your time playing this game. Hafe the time it does not connect properly.
Kartik Lele : If they can add a proper racing experience besides management, this can be one of the best racing games!
Semako Lokosu : They are always updating and updating. They should just update every 2 months not every time. And the updayes ate always large asnif u are downloafing the game itself. It should'nt be so.
Matthew Rybicki : Great game, I played all three of the motorsport managers and I loved all of them but this one still has a lot of bugs and everytime I offer a contract my game crashes:/
Adrian Aspel : Good game but seems to always kick you off the game when you come 1st and 2nd and don't give you the points just kicked me off 4 times in a row that's 160 points I've lost out on
Yak Yak : Complex and addicting. Never thought managing a team would be as fun as driving, but this game is lovely.
Asyraf Asyraf : Take Note: Can you update the motorsport manager 3, to have a same real car like online but still can play it offline because i really like the game. Thank you.👍🏻
misham koli : Why does the game hang every time before I start a race? I have to close it and restart it again but the race has begun. I keep losing matches because of this.
Samuel Duncombe : I'm getting less than a single frame per second, making it utterly unplayable. Phone is a Huawei Mate 20 x. No issues with any other games.
Kn4cka : Great game but do you know what would be a great feature, allowing us to login into our account BEFORE! you force us though the long tutorial!
Dick McHarden : Laggy, fix the issue. I havent been able to race is 2 days due to high players on server. This shouldn't be an issue all day every day.
Sean Bridges : Was a great game, I even put money in but havnt been able to race in 2 days. Still building up my car but every race keeps timing out.
Anshumaan Bag : After the latest update, there is just too much lag. Just fix the lag and i promise to make it 5 because it actually deserve it.
Ben Coles : App crashes all the time - looks like it could be a good game but at present it's unplayable.
Mark Kenneth Ferrer : I really love motorsport manager both on mobile and PC. But this is so laggy. I can't even play it decently. I hope devs will optimize it.
Uros Stevanovic : Very addictive and challenging game. Races are not boring, sound is great and tyre wear rate is excellent.
willswhittington : Laggy and less enjoyable than previous games. Previously played MM, MM2 & MM3. Excited when I saw this game in the store, it's just not as enjoyable. Not a fan of the micro transactions.
KinG Geji : What happen with the qualifying? Doesnt matter how high your quali is but somehow you will be pos 20 and the pos 1 on hard tyre. The quali number isnt showing either on the race. Fix it,!!!!
Tedy Ardyan : Sorry for the 2 🌟, all vehicle on my device have no tire at all.. dont know if its a bug or spec problems? on mm3 everything seems okay, every vehicle i play have a tire.. looking forward for follow up this issue 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟
Viraj Kapse : A bit of grind is required but still the game is a bit fun....I request proper qualifying with different aero and gear ratio setup with different tyres
Gail Breeland : Terrible. Was an okay game can't join races for over 2 days now. Uninstalled, cleared cache, cleared data. Dunno. Uninstalling.
M Curry : Honestly I would love if it worked but I can't even pit and it's so laggy I don't even know what's going on . Awesome concept really disappointing.
Paul Andrew : Race Day seems buggy to me was unplayable laggy slideshow, the game has lots of potential tho once the bugs are gone.
Kaleb Waters : Keeps saying unable to join game and making me restart the game every time I try to join a race. I've tried emailing support several times now and have yet to receive a reply
Rob Yarnell : Unplayable, races are very slow and jerky, by the time you try to pit on lap 3 suddenly it's lap 7 and your driver is just pitting have fallen down the rankings because tires are low
Phenyo Casper : This is an awesome game to play, very addictive if not careful. Spend your money wisely coz as the game progresses, you will need it :)
savio mendes : I guess it would have been better if they made a version 2 for pc that concept was far better come on guys this is going down a very different path and too early
Jason Dewhurst : Your previous games were great, this one is full of connectivity issues and I will not continue to play it when your servers are so poor.
Dwayne Pieterse : Please optimize and inprove performance of game keep kicking me out on a Samsung Note 3 and on Samsung S4 please fix this.it loads fine but when in game kick me out cleared data still do the same Thank you so much game looks awesome really want to play it.
Bucky Stevens : Reviews don't help if people aren't telling the truth, FACTS! I'M giving a one star rating sense after the tutorial the game doesn't want to let me ter up or allow me to play further. Cheers
Pradeep Prasad : While the overall experience has been good. I give it a 3 rating since multi player has not been working for a week.. no support has been provided
Colin Wan : Great game but the game lags sooo much. Other games runs so smoothly but I cant even play the game or navigate the menu without lag. Need to fix the game imo
jerrith reynolds : Even better now with cars not just dots but no matter how good my connection is it still has lag problems and crashes occasionally. 5 star when fixed.
Christian Stone : I really like the game but it crashes constantly lately. Says i will connect to a race but just restarts
TheRon1n : To say, The new Online feature looks great! There are some problems, but I can handle it!
Lubano Dennis : No star is the only rate, wasted my time downloading this game and I can't even enter the game, I launch the agame and it tells me error yet it's my first time getting it I even don't have an account, done with you guys
Eddie Neufeld : Unfortunately I have not been able to race a single race due to an error message that says the server is under maintenance. This happens every time I've tried over the last while now
Fred Price : Incredible gameplay and impressive graphics. Second time playing and still love it.
Jamie McPartland : Changed device and couldn't get my old game back as I don't use Facebook. Developer has not replied to email to resolve issue. Loss of progress and almost £16.00.
Gabriel Karoma : When you reach tier 5 its really dissapointing, no qualifying, grid position randomly choose by the sistem. What kind of racing is that? LOL
James Newbould : Decent game. Maybe just not quite my cup of tea and if you have poor signal you just can't play. Worth giving a try though. Looks like it might be good
Craig Manson : Great game, would definitely welcome more crashes and retirements. My only issue so far is the game force closing fairly often for no reason
Ross Lancaster : Good gameplay, but the glitches are very annoying and keep me from racing when I want at times.
Farel Revalino : Worst, i cant even do race. Using low end spec device and crash so often even in main menu. Wont bother install on my tablet. Im wondering why the developer brave enough release buggy apps lol
Everton Elvio koser : This does not should be called Motorsport Manager. Look, the game have it's appeal, but this is not a Motorsport Manager game... It's a F1 Mobile clone... I would gladly buy a real Motorsport Manager 4, an offline game.
Aaron Wong Wen Jin : Can't start a race! It always stuck at the loading page of waiting other players ?? I try to reopen the game it won't work too feel disappointed with the developer
J.A. E. : Love this one,, been a fan of FormulaE for a couple of years now , and be able to manage FormulaE team is really awesome , keep up the good work guys
T Craigie : Used to be great but now can't get into a race. Error message every single time - not worth the time anymore sorry.
A 2906 : Great game, however almost impossible to move through the career if you don't pay and quite frankly it's expensive in some countries like South Africa
Jatinder Singh Saini : This game taught me how to watch F1 actually. How complex this sport is. One of the best game. It's so addictive if you have the brains to understand the stargegy.
Vanderson Lucas : Guys I'm with a bug, I'm starting always with soft tyres, even in rain, I put the intermediates and I start on sorts Besides that, the game is absolutely entertaining.
Simon Carr : Seems good so far however after the first race and some upgrades the game now crashes when selecting view car.
Oliver Rangel : very few games that are not pay to win and this is one of them, as long as you make the right choices you really don't have to spend a dime but if you choose to, you won't empty your wallet trying to get something
Ken Chips : This game has too major issues It's laggy & constant connection issues, you can't put unless you do it on the first lap as the game doesn't recognize or respond to it
Barbov Mitko : Pay to win game from the begining it was okey but when you go in high classes you are not earning enough ressources to pay all these things and of course you have to pay in real momey if you want to continue or simple just give up games without knowledge and pay to win are rubish games!
Nolan Tate : The further you get in the game the more frequently it keeps crashing, and like any free game you can only do so much before you are expected to pay
Jayr Baldago : Always crash!!!! Dont waste your time for this game. I think this game needs to update server and create more servers, suck over crowded servers always crash!!! Poor gaming
Kr Muhammad Channel : Don't waster your money in this game.. Suck. Even your spend alot money to upgrade car still lose with low power car. Wth. Qualify top 1-2 in RACE easy drop from position 1 to 20 like stupid.
Emanuel Moreira : Was fun the first week of play. But when you get to a high league you struggle to play. Need to buy money or wait three days before you can play agian.
Ghostly Joker : Amazing ! Best graphics, UI & UX in this game is very impressive. This is the best motorsport manager game, game give a real and Mind-blowing experience!
Zakiah M : I loved it. It's has great concept but i give only 2 star because this game too much crashes. I reopen the game but the game stopped
Amri Mohd Bakri : Been playing up to tier 3 when i decided to login to facebook account. The moment i login to FB i cant play anymore. Unable to load. Ive lost my purchases
Niko Zabkar : Fun manager with some strategy options but slow progress for casual gamers. I recommend it to all petrol heads, at least. 😎
Wira Chandra : Vip does not worth it. Winner prize too less, everything else cost too much including investing to a single driver & assigning/renegotiating contract. Waste of time
Mike Hjorleifson : Didnt even play. Had me download a half gig..then said update another half gig for additional files. No thanks. That's abit much not to mention the fact it should be just one download one time. From the play store.
Ryan Huang : Bug that didn't allow me to race because of "high amount of players" has disappeared. Back to the rating it deserves.
Sam Cosham : After nearly 70hrs on MM3 I expected good things. The longest and most tedious tutorial, requires an Internet connection and I got bored quickly and have since uninstalled.
Bryan Langel : Fun game when it works. But it's very glitchy. Constantly tells me the servers are too busy. Or tells me it can't find my api.
Bilal Ali : At the moment they need to fix bugs the app loves to crash when I click to view my car it crashes right now I'd rather stick to f1 manager
Daus99 Hussin : I test this game. The game is okay not bad. The game realistic and you can see you car when race different from Offline You can’t see car when race. But for me I love MM offline version.I hope Playsport can make we new version MM Offline Better from MM3.
sulaiman sulo : I've been waiting for nearly 1 hours for the loading to finished.. yet it still can't play.. at first it went well and then after that I can't open it
Evan Zimmerman : Took an amazing single player experience and ruthlessly monetized it. My excitement for a new game in the genre was crushed immediately
David Hartley : Good game easy to follow instructions n buttons. Just a shame cant design your own liveries for the cars.
Steve Sanders : As others have said, for the last few days the servers have been constantly busy so its impossible to join a race. Do not spend any money on this game until this is sorted!!!
Keanu Wilson : Loved the game. However i am no in platinum 2 division, nearly in the platinum 1 division i i cant get an 'unable to find match' for 12 hours now.
Elvy Tavarez : After I been playing for a little while this is my second time installing this game and crashed again so I cant play no more everytime I launch the app the game crashed
Ville Laaksonen : Literally unplayable due to lags. Really loved the first 3 in serie so it's petty that the devs are cutting corners and didn't get this one right
Stifty de : To many mechanics are not working. Eg contract negotiations are a Joke two rounds even if highest values are set no go... Should have been tested before release.
Tobey : Guys i have complains that the game crashh always when am playing and the loading speed is soooo sloww and plus i cannot play the game because of game lag soo can you fixed the game and make it smoother and no more game crashess plssss.
SHOEB AHMED-1 : Little bugs here and there,game freeze's A little bit here and there but, overall smooth game and gameplay, i am enjoying it very much
Marc Barringer : Fun game and good time killer. Would be a 5 star, but there is to many times when i trey to race it won't connect to a server
LeBoi : Its lagging very much and I'm not sure why. Tried multiple restarts but it still didn't work. Otherwise a very nicrly made game
Kenechi Buchanan : NOICE NOICE I like the graphics better then the original and your welcome for the support ;) Update: very good game and has inproved alot ever since.
Robert Harley : Wrote programming I have seen in my life. You cannot even join matches as it keeps up with the error, unable to find match.
Dwayne Menezes : Toned down version of the original game. Unnecessary waiting for upgrades. Plagued with server issues.
Stu Cole : excellent game, addictive, gets the adrenaline pumping and keeps you on the edge recommend it to all u racing car fans and gamers alike download it today.
Ignacio Sagone : the game crashes every 5 minutes
MediaRBLX : It's ok. Just needs a few tweaks with the loading system etc. Sooner or later, it will be quite a good game.
Ben Hooker : It's everything you love about the original Motorsport Manager Series except you now prove your worth against human players. This is THE BEST open wheel racing mobile simulator around.
Botboi8352 : Hi please could you make it so we can also design our own livery's cheers Absolutlely amazing game and would highly reccomend to people i have tried simill game and they got deleted withing minuts of play but with this its that good im on it all the time agin cheers for the great game Higly reccommend for motorsport fans 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Furqan Faizal : The game is unplayable, race in the game is laggy up to the point where nothing is moving.
thijmen schippers : It doesnt show the menu for the boost and the pit options in the first carreer race. And if it shows, it will only show half and bot let me confirm the pit
jasman sangha : I played Motorsport manager 2 and 3 and I thought they were marvelous. I've always wanted an online Motorsport game and I guess my wish came true
Chenpeng Zhang : This game got maintenance twice on one day and three hours each. Can not stand it. I only got to play 1 game in 6 hours.
Josh Lauzon : One star because the game is crashing on launch. Tried restarting and re-installing. Note10+
Jay Shinde : Its like the best free motorsport manager. I love it . Its amazing. Just increase the number of laps and it would be better.
Yeow Kuan Sim : Really bad apps so far, once i link up my facebook account, it crash and i could not open the apps already. Very poor apps
Madhav Bhatia : Very Interactive game with real world teams and drivers. Also the real the time decision making is very good.
Clarence Wong : Fun. Nice to play. Recently the app updated and my platinium ranked account went missing. Kindly assist. Account - (FluffyBunny)
MJI 006 : I think this the perfect game. It features three of the motorsport and combines it which is really fun. Overall brilliant game
Aji Rama : You need to spent your time to watch ads everday to improve your HQ,car,driver,etc. And the rewards from the race is pretty small too . I prefer the old motorsport manager than this trash
Calum Lynn : I remember there was at one point another free offline motorsport manager, and I loved it so much, but now it appears to be gone, and I am left with this game that just isnt the same at all
giusti88 : Shame it's p2w. Also they auto choose the worst strategy if you leave the app even for a second. How can the previous games be so good and this be so terrible.
Pickpocket4me : Never loads and times out all the time
Alexander Eakins : Fantastic game with more potential! Would like to see a bit more complexity but it's definitely fun.
Jaywen Sanchez : There'e a few bugs. I just want you guys to improve the graphics. That's all, keep up the good work!
Daniel Garcia : Loading stuck at 47%. I tried to reinstall the game and restart my device but nothing happened.
alyp gylew : Best but when u play at long time level . You cant get in the game . I stuck at 51% . And i want u to fix it before i uninstall this game . #pleasetakenote
samuel olaitan : Game kept crashing at start up
OxoDasss : I have fps drop when im opening the app and game itself fix your game i always need to reset the app for to play this game. By the way im using high end phone.
Joe Vining : If only it didn't constantly freeze and crash it would be a great and very addictive game.
Billy : Motorsport Manager gives (you) the full racing/managing experience. Very fun yet thrilling, I can't say enough about it. please try
B. I. : It connects to Facebook for saves and Facebook has been down all day. So, now I can't connect to the game.
jason mclean : Great Game. Can play without spending money and still be competitive. I like how it gets harder the further you progress.
Tom Sawkins : Awesome! And thank you for the Covid update. Would be great to if we could change the power mods on the engines but yeah I love this game!
Donald Adeshina : 10 races is too long for drivers cool down and also, try to make the driver's request known to make it easier to negotiate.
Lukasz Markowski : Shame that you can't do race/league with you Facebook friends who's playing game too. It would be nice to add option to fix car parts not only after race
Marko Igić : I loved MM3! To me, this is... Meh... Log in with Facebook? No thanks. Online races only? No thanks. Mixed category races? No thanks... Unskippable tutorial is annoying as hell...
Seb Roberts : Good game with 1 big problem. Game crashes more then a nascar race. Almost not worth the hassle which is a shame.
Darren Arnone : My old account was erased. Couldnt recover it unless you have a facebook. What about google play!?!?!? Created new account and it constantly freezes.
Scott Edwards : Fun game if you're into this kind of a game easy to figure out what to do kind of expensive if she get into all the race teams try it and see if you like it
Eesa ali : Lovely game but in my opinion this would be a better licensed game that the actual f1 manager game ( would be better if it was licensed ) allot to choose from like nascar and formula e and in depth game experience from the sponsors to gameplay
Monroe Wardlow : Sucks its slow tutorial is slow and painful plus it's horribly optimized and and it crashes constantly.
Hasan Kuadrat : I give the best car to 1st driver, but it say I breached the contract of the 1st driver, because the traits of the 2nd driver +25 performance make the 2nd driver's car total performance higher than the 1st driver's car performance. How can this happen? Are kidding me?
Abid Hakim_ : i live this game interface. really easy to understand. and i love the graphic too. hope that this game could bring out to pc
Uven : I didn't log into the game for 2 days straight and it deleted all my data... Now I have to start from scratch... I will be uninstalling it!
Enrique R. del Bosque : Great game, would give 5 starts, but lately I can't seem to join any race because I get a message that says that too many people are playing the game.
Rusyaidi Husni Abdul Latib : Fun when it's working. But keeps hanging, crashing and showing errors. No fun in that.
BagguateSaber : It's a cool and fun game but I find that there's a lot of glitches when racing, like it would freeze for no reason
zedrick villanueva : the game is good the only problem for me is I can't connect for the race and even there is many people online still I can't find a match..
Yames Pérez : I sort of like the game but it was not that good I saw some problems sometimes when I was trying to get into those qualifying where I was just went and let me in I am really disappointed and that but the rest is really good I wish I can get those problems fixed and that you would get those problems fixed see you
ITS LIL DJO : Very simple good game !! I just started i got that you need to lunch yellow things everytime you need to start ! Maybe its a bad ! It could be better !
anom sulton : I played it once. And never again. I'm gonna play my MM3 again. Not this one. The LAG are so bad, and there is no 2x speed button. Hope there is MM4 comming out.
Rico Tilgner : Played and enjoyed it, connected to Facebook after a while and now it just crashes on every start. :'(
S.pionage : A pretty good game if I do say so myself but this game would benefit greatly with more options to enhance game play. Maybe a new cockpit angle or a driver of the day award idk.
Aldo Alexander : It's weird, it's very lag when race. I only got 5 FPS in ever race and it's on low setting. My device mi note 10. This game not optimize yet.
Clay Johnson : This game is pay to win. Very glitchy and they try to do everything to get you to waste in game cash. Better games get better reviews.
Finnirish12 : I do have an issue. Once I got to a certain tier the game doesnt want to start a race. It says high traffic and to wait. Then says I gotta restart the game.
Scott Darktrain47 : This app sucks. Keeps on booting me out , keep on getting a driver error . It's a waste of time..
Fredrick Mungai : Terrible game. Wastes your time with long waits to get money and gold coins. Races keep freezing and crashing.
Angel Lopez : So this game was fun in the beginning but now it is getting harder with players that use money and then there is the drivers that you have to renew the driver again so I was getting mad I'm sorry
Jay cupp : Poorly Optimized, loading screens take forever and the entire game crashed 3 times in the first 5 minutes of playing
ADC music : Game continuously malfunction can't sign under my Facebook account. I purchased almost every option in but one horrible experience!!!!
Mariano D'Angelo : Love the game, but i have a bug, I just won Tier 4 but when i try to join a championship at lvl 5 it says i have already won that championship and can't play anymore, then the game restarts
Elly Ilyana : Very realistic and fun. Get the experience of a team principal or ceo of the company. Very stratigic and also challenging
Adelius Gaming : This game is full of error, I was playing two days and I pass more time trying to connect to the races and login screen, waist of time I already unnistall it
JEEFY Plays : A great game with some problems such as I lose WiFi connection midgame and my money gone my parts worn and I was in first but that's one of the only problems I have really (has been fixed since original post)
khai freetry : server problem can't enter race.. plss fix it..
Ricky Husk : Fun game, but it crashes a lot, tough to enter races. Feels like a beta.
Fegrie Pasanea : After an interesting moment, you guys really have to fix the contract, driver always reject the offer even when you higher the price and lower the contract length. Disappointing
Rachman Noor : Great game,. However, the game glitches and/or crashes a bit too often for my taste.
Adnan Kashif : Good game for F1 enthusiasts! Not a race game, it is a race team management game.
StarryxShane : It takes to long to download to many bugs poor connection when I play and how when I pass someone I lag and when I try to play it crashes or freezes #remake game
RJrsa : Drivers won't pit for 4 or 5 laps after the instruction is given. No point in even trying to be competitive then at all!
Mochamad Rakha : Reliability destroy my experience playing this game, always retired and this game need more money if you want to win because the component hard to get.
Aaron H : Game freezes all the time!! You can't even play a game because if glitches out and freezes!!
Eden Tang : Very fun and even if you lose you do not get that bad sensation of rage. A very good motorsports manager game one of the best I've seen
Tawanda Tapfuma : the gane crashes and freezes at times it tell u that theres poor connection wen its not the case its a good concept but the game is fustrating becoz of its freezing
Lucifer Ero : Been always a fan of the previous games the online addition is amazing only downside it could have been a little less pay to win but otherwise a great game 🥃cheers
Mark Giemza : The game had a lit of issues early on but is much more stable now. End game is lacking but future updates should help.
Joe Ofy Ryan : the game always lag, so i can't watch the race and control my team, even in good service network, and it happened during i wrote the review
terrel robertson : Can't get into a race, i paid good money on upgrades and can't use them. 18.5k players online and it tells me players not found when i try to race.
Santoso Herlambang : This good game, unfortunately there is no spescific race for spe ific car( like open wheeler just race with open wheeler not random car like this)....please seperate the race betwen open wheeler n close wheeler...i'll give 5 star.
Samuel Jones : Doesn't matter what settings I run this on or what Internet connection as soon as you enter a race is jumps and pauses absolutely unplayable
Paul Brady : Glitchy as hell and incredibly slow, even on one of the latest devices on the market its painful to play.
Marcus Cossey : This really is an amazing game, now even better with live racing. Brilliant ! A month on now and still loving it.
Rainbow Hearttaker : I'm addicted to this game. Note type of game that pay to win. Watching ad is option if you want extra money/token.
Lee Dempsey : Just deleted the game The lag is out of this world I put my car to pit and the don't go in so I lose places and ultimately not placing good in game When you've fixed I might try again but until then Good bye
Johnny Morris : Very enjoyable with easy to get tokens and money but spend wisely or you might put yourself in a stalemate.
Dylan Wright : Great game but the servers can't handle the traffic, fix this please because I'm damn tired of trying to get into a race for 10 mins
Maverick Wolfe : Game is bugged when I signed in with Google It won't let me finish loading into the game. The game just crashes to desktop.
Paul Seymour : The game is great, however on my Galaxy S10 when trying to access the car menu forces my game to crash, other than that so far so good in this game
Michael Hall : My first experience with this type of racing but, it's Very Fun. Haven't stop playing it yet... Great Job!
Rishabh Sharma : Invested a lot this game, hired the best drivers, worked on cars but no result. Its not worth to invest money in this game.
Nikos Balanis : This game is almost impossible to play once you are in the race. It's so laggy that it's almost impossible to not miss a pit stop
zeyn manjra : I love this game it's really cool and awesome game I prefer formula one but there's one thing that they need to fix is that you drive the car 100 awesome
Paloschi One : They change the mechanisms and always making the game annoying.
james howard : It's a fun game when you can get into a race, it says over 10000 online and you only need 10 to start the race but it tried for 15 min with no luck only 5 or 6 join
Zak : Absolute rubbish. In the middle of races my team goes from 1-2 to 16-18 because they decided to drive around the wrong route. How on earth does this even happen. Really disappointed
Corey Hunt : It's a good game but it needs real race tracks & different classes racing separately & full seasons
Kk845972 K : Very fun, but a couple things could use improvement like most games lol. Overall ... I'm very excited to play everyday.
Sinon V2 : Really good game with nice graphic and gameplay..But,it really laggy and it keep kick me out of game..Please fix it this issue because I like this game a lot..TQ
Melinjov Rilinjo : I dont know why but the game is showing poor connection and i can't see the race normally, my connection is perfect, lots of lagging please fix this
Adrian Cher : Awesome!!! Super huge fan of the game on computer. Loving this multiplayer rollout on mobile!! Looking forward to more great updates
Oumar abdoul Ba : Nice good game.......need to be fair play not....pay to win.......game shouldnt be about money........new update srew things..up.......
Kacper Knr : Servers down? I cant log in into game for all day... uhh UPDATE: SECOND DAY AND STILL NO FIXED !! THIS IS JOKE...
Seth Pahre : Challenging, but really fun
Pierre Kuipers : Can't log in please fix
Izuaf Sulaiman : Stuck at loading!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Stuart Holmes : Great game, love how it's set up with the leagues but I do find the drivers very expensive to hire even when there a lower level.
Dr Nunyabiz : Been playing it for a while and it's not pay to win but for $1 occasionally you can get some killer bonuses.
Timofte Daniel Florin : Good game, but it moves awfull! What in the name of jesus is thinking continiously and you push wrong buttons because the lag it's maybe 9999999999999999ms.
Dan Mamaliga : Too many crushes, errors, annoying when youget a good result and at the end of the race the game crush.
Mido Ka : Good game but for the past 3 days I haven't been able to get into a race because of the "high player activity" error.
Devin Andreason : Amazing press your luck management sim game. I don't play racing games. I have played hours learning about 'tyres'.
shinjihirohito shinjihirohito : Very expensive to buy coin..only people having a lot of money can be a winner every level..so unfair games
Balakrishnan Subramaniyam : Engineer contract is not working well. Sometimes it's goes out of contract all of sudden. And remaining race count for engineer is incorrect many times
Astil Sebastian : It keeps closing the app and i have just started playing this game. I opened the game 3 times and it kept closing
Chris Clarke : Great game just rubbish loading as only had 2 races and the rest say unable to join had to delete in the end as couldn't even race.
xBowtie : Would be a 5 if it would let me find enough people to race. I can never race because there is never enough people but there is almost 11k as I'm typing this.
Michael Petchey : New review dropped to 1 star 15.517 ppl playing cant find race really sort it out you want ppl to pay cash for stuff but you can't even fix your game so you can play its 2020 not 1920 fix it or lose your player base
Simon Donald : Been playing MM for over a year now, runs a lot more smoothly and the UI in the recent update is really good.
JDT YT : This game had so much potential but we got useless updates that did not help multiplayer at all, and just got car skins and so much useless vip deals.
Avishek Saha : Create more exciting and more competitive in the game, even though I am giving 4 🌟. Some time I feel that same process is going on and on.
Nuke Taco : the server connection is appalling the amount of lag makes the race look like trash the driver negotiation system is a joke no matter what u give them they will just reject the contract racing in the same league is also terrible as you could have 75 rated drivers yet they race like 5 year olds the game just isnt fun Motorsport manger 3 is way better
John Chambers : Would be good if it actually had cars with tyre changing and refuelling. Like f1 clash but can be better as f1 clash has no refuelling and too much of slow cars forcing you to slow up
Sudhanshu Sharma : Game is amazing....but 4 stars becoz the seasons are small,the energy gets low much faster....and part building time is high
PUKEKO! : Good game. However the only way to save progress is through Facebook.... Seriously? It's 2020. Give us some better options
• a r e 7 L • : I spent some MYR on this game .. but what I got wasn't enough to improve some equipment .. the amount of money after winning the game is not worth it . WORST 👎
Richard Betti : great game but it takes to much money to get up in ranks and stay up in ranks. wish it didn't cost so much.
Ben Madden : Good game. However whenever I try to play using my mobile 4G connection it always fails to find a match. Works fine on wifi
KGR11GOAT : Ive just started i have tried 20 times to start a race but there is no people in them. Bring back the old vrsion was way better.
Dwayne Balmer : I see this game is really fun and really a great game but everytime I do something like do a race it kicks me out the game and if it didn't I probably would give it 5 stars
Golam Rabbani : Game is gud i think but i couldn't play a single match.....I tried many times but it only showing unable to find a match.
Marcello Pelagalli : I have been a fan of Playsport for years. It was very sad to see they joined most developers in the greed race. MM3 was perfectly balanced. And they sold a well made game for a price. Full game. Now it is a constant cost. Maybe it will be good for kids milking their parents...
Peter S : Started well but now struggling to get a match = less earnings = demoted from "hard fought to get jnto" better leagues. Frustrating.
EDCM Akainu : Can't find match for a week now. Uninstalling.
Kade Neal : The T4 E cup is impossible i have a level 10 engine when it jumps from required level 9 to required level 13!! I cant get gears i need 300 gears just to get that how can i get it if i cant even compete in the cup please reduce that
Daniel Struve : Fixed the race problem. Why do i have to assign way more ataff to dricer when renewing contract? They aleady have set number fron previous. Did i loose them? They dont cone back if i negotiate with another driver. Please fix this. You can only hire so many crew workers
Khanya Singh : Best game ever! Of you like managing a race team this is your game! I just hoped we can customize our car.
Reinard Nathanael : Unable to login using FB
Jeremy Moyer : Keeps saying it can't download the game because I don't have a SD card.....but I do it's the biggest SD card I could find 256gb and what I read from the review that the game is not worth my time so I guess I won't be downloading it
Derek Sullivan : Game was going just fine until I linked my Facebook account. Now it won't even open. Crashes every time
Jon Davies : Crashed first 4 times I tried to play it sacked it off and uninstalled. Shame spent hours on previous incarnations.
The Master : Seems like a decent game not really my style. A few too many adjustments on a small screen.
Kodie Grace : Horrible game out downloaded got a minute into the tutorial game had an error and now won't load again. Don't waste your time
junior 25 : The app is crashing
Roseman Rabbil : Everytime i played, it's keep restarting. Really wasting time and annoying.
Ianne Plays : Tier 3 drivers SUCKS at qualifying
d'OchA OedyN : I was about join the race and waiting for the race, suddenly, i can't join the race, it's said "Can not find any players" and poof!! I must restart the game, after that i continued to join and it happened again.. anyone experience that??
David Hatton : Very very laggy. Unplayable, what a shame. Was really looking forward to playing this.
Scott Samuels : Game now fails to boot up, even after uninstall and reinstall if I log in to my account game closes... all that wasted time and money now gone...
A Google user : I enjoyed what I played lastnight, but then I try to update. I just get put onto Googleplay and there's no literature. Just a "retry" button which does nothing.
LloydyAGG : Deactivated Facebook and it removed everything, asked for help on messenger page and they wouldn't advise me on how to unlink - I have spent a lot of money on this game.
Beng Tuang Koy : The game is so lagging when race, can't even change tires.. No matter its on mobile data or WiFi, all having the same lagging issue
Joseph Louis : In depth racing management strategy game play. Excellent graphics.
Rounak Dipta Ghosh : Everything's great except one thing. Why can't I save my progress through Google play account, everyone doesn't use Facebook now a days!
Ryan Bennett : Great concept and fun to play, massively hampered by lag, freezing and slow down.
Andrew : Game just crashes all the time. Invested money, and now can't play game. They won't refund my money. Don't Play
Sparko EDM : Good game i guess but please, can you make this game offline ver? I love this game, you need a perfect strategy to win. No pay to win.. All great but i want offline ver
Choo Hoong Ow : It is very laggy on my Nova 5T. Most of the time when instruct drivers to pit stop, but it will never happen.
Mohammed Ek : I love the game. It is a very challenging game as well. The thing that bummed me was it was that 2D kind of game.
Niko Tarateski : The game crashing everytime, ridicules that basic thing that this game should provide it's the ability to race but it's just crush
E. C. : Fun, but when it takes 3-5 attempts to enter a race makes this game very annoying.
Mohammed Razeen Zaeen Camil : It's not as fun as MM3, the races are short and should be longer, the menu is a headache to scroll through, generally I think MM3 is still better than MMO
Eric Quintin : Annoying to wait for money......of course if you spend real money like all other games you dont have that problem....its fun to play
Mehdi ZLE : Really good game, too bad it's clearly a pay to win game... not a lot of options to upgrade unless you buy packs
Deo Sanata : Matchmaking problem, laggy racing, have no idea about whats happening, since yesterday was perfect. Hope bug is fixing.
ZW studios : Is a good game but theres a issue about when i want to see the drivers car ,the game literally just crash,i hope this can be fixed.Thank you.
Michael Fowler : Excellent game, is not predominantly pay to win. Most of winning comes from strategy, not spending cash. 5 stars
Simon McCartney : Just uninstalled due to have perfect 4G connection, but apparently on this game I have poor connection every race. Fix your servers then I might install it again.
Thomas Dowling : Started playing, tried to play more than first map and you can't, literally won't go below 30 seconds on timer before resetting, stupid
MBSN 91 : Great ui, great gameplay and perfect to see real life drivers within the game.
Grant Coulman : I am trying to load the app and its telling me to update but when i click on update it cant be found in the google play store so i can not play i like this game can you fix this issue please
Harvey Prout : Was really enjoying the game, but for the last 2 days it won't load game. Even did the latest update today still won't work. 😞
Joe Wahba : This game has the worst contract negotiation mechanics. No rhyme or reason. You lose your best drivers with no warning. Pass on frustration and avoid this game.
SUMITA BARMAN : This game is awesome but one problem if found is that the tyre colours not match the F1 tyre colours . For example soft should be yellow and not red
Halizam Rosli : Best Game Ever. Thanks Team. You've done a master piece of Games adapt with real time strategy. You're the best. 👍
Igo Prima : Suck, I playing the game until tutorial finished. After that I'm stuck on loading screen and show 99% progress, can you fix it? My device is Asus ZE550KL.
Radya Sacalaros : Very good game. Also can you add more driver especially from formula 2 and formula 3 so make sure that felipe drugovich is not the only one pliss
Austin Snell : Honestly, I'd rather pay 5 dollars so I don't have to wait for things to be built. Back to motorsport manager 3.
Cameron Muegerl : Great series but this game is unplayable. Huge development issues. Lag, and server issues galore
JW Mok : Too laggy and intermittant disconnections all the time even with good internet connection. This mars what would otherwise be a good game.
Duncan Yeow : I am a Formula 1 fan. I love this game. It has great sounds, effects and graphics. Great strategy game.
8a ario : Well the game is great overall just the drivers are very hard to negotiate, it will take you a lot of money to finally get him to be on your team. Just please fix the price of drivers
syakir khamsani : I tried almost an hour to start my career. But the game keep told me unable to find a match. Seriously?????????
Hayes : It would be great if the developers add a in-game commentary and also add it in motorsport manager 3 I'm also playing this game it would be awesome feature in-game...
Ali Bayati : Thats awfull. You must only manage something and have no control on cars., i played several race games and this oben is the worst
Tyler Barnett : Hasn't been available to play for me in about 24 hours, keeps saying server maintenance and should last 3 hours. Fun game when it's playable
SHOEB AHMED : Enjoying the game very much 😍😍,but has many bugs like crashes suddently and poor connection poops up although i have internet and its running fine on other apps, devs plz look into these matters, THANKS AGAIN FOR SUCH A FUN GAME
Aleksandar Radosavljevic : Great game went multiplayer, wow.... I can't believe it , great ! I even had it on PC from steam, but now I can play whole day. :*
Shahirama Senju : Absolutely terrible. It starts off pretty good then the game starts forcing you to spend money by squeezing everything out of you.
James Ryan : Good game except the weekly leaderboard challenge is vastly under rewarding. A 7 day challenge to potentially earn less money than what 3/4 hourly sponsors give out? Sort it out
Just Diego : I downloaded the game and linked it to Facebook, then for different reasons Facebook shut down my account and I lost all progress in the game.
Bryan Wooster : Spent two days trying to play this. Constantly unable to race due to jot enough people joining the race... Great franchise. Horrible game
Tom Denham : For some reason I cant get to tier 2 as it wont let me select anything to progress forward. What am I doing wrong.
M Thom : They forced me to upgrade, now I have to start all over boring. I am not spending any more money scam. I would like to have my old place back
Jeff Groeneveld : Great concept but can never connect to a race due to not enough players, so this was a waste of time.
Ryno Jacobs : Great game but you can't race if there isn't enough players online now I must wait and wait for players before I can race, why don't you guys just save old online game plays and put them in the race???
ary prasetyo : Good game,it's better if we can manual tunning of aerodynamic,engine,suspension etc according to track
Fujina : Game is great, ive played MMM3, well that exp served well. Some times game crashes... but works just fine. Yet game is easily free to play,
David Garcia : Promising game but, it always kicked me out of the race because there are not enough players in the race, so I was not able to race even once.
Robert Brown : This is the perfect game for my lady is watching something on TV that I don't want to watch I'm just turn this game on and zone out for like at least an hour or so I love this game I've been telling everybody to get it dude
Pow Monki : very fun, takes a bit of learning through trial and error but its rather enjoyable
Elizabeth Omo : After playing It was ok but then became when you improve character on pualiphing it's still bad please fix it would be great Also to get q new person really they just want money please fix it
Larks Mods : Whenever I press ''got it" my game crashes and doesn't do anything please respond and fix the problem as it is an amazing game
Charlie Everard : This is just fun! If you can't race on console or anywhere else, this is a fantastic substitute!
Bharath Damarla : The worst server a game can have.....always showing "Unable to connect to server..Restart" My network is fine to mention
DrunkPauloCosta : Lies and says you are facing real people except they arent as clever as they thought. I will be emailing google play store my screenshots i have that are proof of this. As it was displaying the bot names instead of whatever random name generator you have been using. Bot_20_champion ect. Also latest update changed my drivers specs so if this keeps happening im reporting the app
Chip Custodio : Exactly what I'm looking for. You get to develop both the carvand the driver. I also love the historical liveries
Yazid n : great game! just sometimes i have to encounter some issues which make me had to reinstall the game often.
Nezar Ahmed : Good effort. I think if you let me controle my driver's during qualification, that would be great.
Mark Searle : A great addition to the MM family. It's not a replacement to MM3 but it has its own unique elements and is far better then the official F1 manager game.
ケニヤ : It's a great game, but I cannot purchase anything from the shop even after buying a Google points card.
Azril Z : I always get poor connection with the new update while my connection is fine. And new update just making everything harder.
Nath an : I tried to reinstall the application and now its work fine. The game is good and has a potential a lot.
King F : The gameplay is awesome and can u add formula 1 drivers too and add a multiplayer mode to create a lobby and race with ur friends
Aiden : This game is outstanding for people who love motorsport and strategic games. But please change the main icon as it looks like mm1 and please consider notch support 🙄
Alan M : Pay to play, after about 3 series you won't be able to do anything unless you purchase items
MYD : Spent so much money on this and can't even open thegame since it crashes on second loading screen
Dzemal Piskic : Game have potential but is lagging all the time which make it impossible to play. All the time showing poor internet connection aldo my internet have 150/bps
Scot Anderson : Never even got to play. Way to many instructions and confusing
Jeremy gantt : I've played many games but none like this one,it's so much more intense and it's not as simulated as usual.
Virat Bamaniya : Out of cash all the time.
Cosmic Cat : Takes too long to find a race even though server is full or would be 5 stars always high player error but it's fun when it's working
Don Wetzel : Gorgeous graphics.....too bad with current server issues it is completely unplayable.
mikeytwotone : Great game except it crases about every 5 min. Very frustrating because id really like to play more but cant.
Eric Belucca : Edit: Last update made the game playable! *1 star for the moment.. Game crashes when trying to sign new driver on Realme x2 Pro*
Dunstan A.P : very comprehensive module for a racing strategies to win every race is very challenging and i like it😉😍
Caleb Singh : I really enjoy this game. This game is by no means a pay to win, with some patience and smarts you can go as far as possible. Awesome game.
Thaveshun Mariah : This an awesome game but this game just kicks u out for nothing , then it stays poor Internet connection even though my Internet Is good then it makes me restart the game for no reason
Daryl LaH4b4na : Love how involved the game is, but would be the perfect game with better graphics when racing.
Teddy : 2 time i get bad tyre. When i got the wet race and i already change to wet tyre but when the race came, my tyre still use soft tyre. OMG, the result must be bad. This bug. 1 star.
Kieran Dowdeswell : Great Game... When it loads... Can't even play the game anymore due to it getting stuck on 'preparing engines'.
Sathyanarayanan S : I love the game but After the update all progress is gone. And i have to go through the riduculous guided session no way to skip that very irritating
Gray Hutchings : Decent game a bit addictive could be improved more as overtaking mode is no different to high mode ect but overall worth a download
Dennis Fajarito : It was an excellent game before the update. After the update I lost all progress of the game. I could no longer recover it.
Leplivo : The game lags too much even on low settings. I have an Redmi Note 9 and I have never had this problem before.
JusB Aloha : Fun and addicting! The only people complaining in the comments are people who cant afford the $8 version of the game. You get what you pay for people! You want the best version of this game you have pay! Haterz gon hate! I love this game
Nicolas : I have a huawei p30 but the game is unplayable 1frame/seconde... Problem solved by the dev team ! Great game !! Login queue error all the Last Day... Amateur !
Dimas purna : Sometimes when u race, the car isnt on the track. I dunno what happens, it crashed
Yaz Spartan : Good 5 stars so far, smooth experience, no force to pay, all fun, the race tactics are very engaging!
Samuel : When i see the picture and play the tutorial i see a real car. But when i play in the real race, i just see a dot not a car. Is it a big lie from the developer to promote this game?? If yes, thats very dirty way to promote this game 👎👎
George Caröe : Unplayable. Using a pixel 4xl and it's just constantly freezing.
Trevin Tan : It is very fun and is the best motorsport app I have ever installed
Ryan Raff07 : Would be 5 starts if not so laggy I have a phone made in 2020 and it is laggy even rocket league sideswipe is not that laggy
Francois Muntingh : So far, so good. Easy controls and easy to understand concept of the game.
T Ben : This game has been abit laggy but the experience of owning your own f1 team is just 😎🆒️😎🆒️
jack frost production : a lot to take in, certainly not something u can pick up in a day
Akhil Ajith : Too much lag when ever I race my game freezes
venu gopal pillarisetti : Unable to play the game unable to join the race
Rob lefr : Am i the only one who can't seem to log into races... Its been going on for two days now..
Trista Jan : Terrible, everytime there are too many players it boots you and you have to restart. That is poor management
Johnno Hop : The game was working well. Now I can't get any matches and the game just constantly restarts
Siseko Mhlana : Pretty Good, just having a problem with the connection sometimes and the game jams on me while trying to make decisions.
Rifqi Saputra : I have strong internet connection but everytime I join an exhibition race the game restarting. Please fix this issue.
Abhishek Saren : Nice game..It should allow choosing of tires before start of race...not to continue with the tire choose in qualifying rounds
Scott Urquhart : Can somebody explain why there is a double wloafing screen. It is unnecessary in my opinion. All it does is waste my time
Nicklas Hogfeldt : good mobile racing game
Leonardo Panggahbudi : Great game, but i like MM3 better. Gameplay are great, but it's pretty laggy and often forced close. Will be waiting for update
Liam Travis : Pretty broken but pretty fun. I'd rather play the PC game over this any day of the week.
Sebastian Gonzalez Schwidrowski : Really fun game. Sometimes the servers are a bit bad, but the game is very recent, so it's understandable.
Flubber Nukker : Ive seen alot of bad reviews but dont understand what the fuss is about my game runs fine is really fun and i win quiteva bit of races... guess theyre just bad at Management
Oğuz Yıldız : can't even play, this is the worst thing I ever downloaded, couldn't join a single game for 2 days it only says unable to find a match
Kevin Fung : I loved MM3. I was excited to try this. My first race and I get a connection error while leading. I'm on 100mbps wifi.
J T : 40mps broadband. Sitting next to router. Still poor connection constantly. Race unplayable. Huawei P30 Pro
Yavuz : İ see people having issues but i didnt have any any of them yet, great game overall but we should be able to choose a different tyre for qualifying
Lakshan Dedigamuwa : App crashing wayyy too often now after the last update due to the number of people playing the game and some general bugs..
Hein Parow : Amazing graphics. Game play fantastic. Controls easy.challenging and exciting
Subhashish Nabajja : I think you should add a chat system, it feels kinda boring during a race. Overall the game is good 👍
Gerard Soosai Das : Buggy, always takes eternity to load from starting the app... It's getting worse every day... I would vote negative if I had could
Brad Benner : Love game but got a new phone and can't retrieve account now so I wasted 70 dollars..ive reached out to support customer service on site and on Twitter and they will not respond.. a week later and still not one contact..avoid this app
GeM Dionisio : Good game, makes me creaje unique strategies. nice if they had a larger pool of drivers.
Jan Michael Gaurano : Fix the damn lag issues. Got a good internet but still lags most of the time preventing me from playing.
Kevin Schill : Cracking game, races could be a bit longer with longer tyre stints for better strategies, other than that it's pretty addictive
Scotty B : Always excellent, the Motorsport Manager series takes it to the next level with live online racing.
chiu myles : Always "no match" when I tried to race, please resolve this problem because it rendered that I could not play at all time!!
DA Pratama76ers : Heaviest game ever.. Very need ultra stabilize connection.. I often got a frame drop even in main menu.. Looolllll 🤣🤣🤣
Enea Groballi : I am absolutely unable to play. The server always seem to be in maintenance. This has been going on for 2 days straight
xSGx Samurai : Can't even get past tutorial where I have to hire a new driver as it keeps crashing before I can sign anyway, sad because game seemed fun.
Paul Coles : Ran at about 1 frame every 10 seconds, completely unplayable.
Connor Cooper : I was setting my team name. Apparenly 'CON' is a banned word. Even if it is in a word such as "connotations", "congrats" or "continue".
LC Sonique : Downloaded it and It took 5 hours to fill up the tank on load so I delete it and I'm going to rate it one star for wasting my time
Ashley rogers : When I was replacing a driver it has kicked me out of the game pls fix bug
Brock Lesnar : The game is so slow. It keeps hanging and it makes me wanna break my phone 🤦🤦
Graham Cordon : I like that you dont have to pay to win. Use strategies wisely and you can progress easily.
anita gaur : I rate this game as 4 stars because there are many glitches pls fix this problem auther vise it is a brillent game with cool graphics .
Daniel Killam : Somewhat overcomplicated and unrealistic compared to previous versions, but I enjoy the fact that I'm actively playing against other people
Akein Rowe : Pretty cool. Won my first race. Very interactive. Racing against others is much more fun.
Kane Allard : Races run at < 5 FPS on my Pixel 4 since two updates ago, even on the lowest settings! On both WiFi and 4G. Unplayable
Benja Appel : I've been enjoying the game for a couple of days now, but today I've been trying to race, and it's constantly telling me there's too many players, or that it couldn't find a race
Phil Fox : Tried this after playing MM3 for some time. In comparison this game has nice graphics but disappointing gameplay. If you haven't tried MM3 then suggest you do
Luka Dugandzija : Absolutely adore the MM series. When I heard about the new game I was so excited, and it hasn't disappointed. AMAZING!! 10/10 guys
chris grobler : Extreamly Slow game. Trying to plan a race is like playing counterstrike without n keyboard! It takes about 20min for 1 lap to complete!!!! So sad that i waisted 500mb Data on this game!!
Robin Falber : The game told me I was entered into 2 races this evening around 2245 hours this evening uk time but I had no control over the cars at all. In one of the races there were no other cars on the track. No refunds given. Please refund .
amirul faiz : I dont know why every time during the race, I have poor connection which cause lag eventhough my internet data is in good condition.
Chris Servais : Gameplay is great. Fixed a few issues. They continue to update drivers. A great game!
Toto Geenen : Pretty good, but IMO their other game MM mobile 3 is better. It's the same game but a bit more advanced with offline gameplay as well
Mark Christie-Coles : Great basic racing game, easy to pick up and put down.
Luke Atkins : Great racing/management game. I would like more tracks to race though.
Sisana Sivongsay : Strategy managing prioritize is what this game is about your not physically racing you don't have to spend Tons off money to be competitive that's what I like most
Armin H. : Can't get into the game because there is an error that says "SeasonGetReward Error".
Greg Brown : Fun, love the pic version...but this has a huge paywall. Rather buy a game than shovel over constantly. Not fun and makes the brand look bad.
Jimli Ash S R : This game is very cool simulator of race manager. Especially when you can against other player.
Leonardo López : Its Fun and adicted, but the problem of crashing it's going to be a problem if they dont resolve it.
Abdullah Fadhil : This game won't let you to saving money, everything need to upgrade n after u get the reward u spent it.
Gustavo Ribeiro : I've been trying to play this game for 2 years and it's impossible... The game suddenly close and I don't know why... Poor game deve.
Alex Alex : Nice game, not that hard to play and not too complicated and really nice that it is live. I really recommend it.
Axel Walton : It's fun upto tier 3, then you don't have enough money to upgrade, pay drivers and race.
JESSICA TYSON : Best racing game ever. I do wish their was a lot of more ways to earn coins though it is tough
Alex Concepcion : Stop crashing after turn 3 or in the middle of the race. can startup any be more slower?
Timothy Low : Don't waste time. Lag like crazy, functions during game doesn't work. Really gets on my nerve playing such game.
kmcgee3000 : Awesome game! Definitely takes thinking to play. It grabs you from the moment you start playing. I'm hooked!
Sam Cruise : This game is very good, and so far it's very fair when meeting other players. continue to improve innovation better. Love this game
Jonathan Middleton : would be a great game if it didnt have alot of lag to it n take ages to do anything on it... So unistalling waste of time due to the lag...
Simeon Esprit : Great sport manager game. Not even a Motorsport fan but this is great and intuitive.
Wolf Heart : Game experience is awful due to lag. I run this game on a p30 pro and it's lagging and freezing all the time. Wrf?
Daniel Shepherd : Game is unplayable, you get into a game and it just freezes.
Neil Rhiando : Only issue - the cost of buying materials. So high it is pointless. Nice game though
Mohd Azizi Bin Nasaruddin : Same as the original version but it's multiplayer now and it's one heck of an excitement. Doing good Playsport.
Mohammad Aidil : Good game, i like. But not much tutorial given so you will have to learn as you play.
r-n gameing : This game sucks and it's a disappointment 1 star rating do not recommend to play this game this game all you see is little specks that look like cars. you do you not even get to drive the cars👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎DISAPPOINTMET!!!!!
Geraint Hollett : Full of bugs and need to reload every minute. Gonna keep this game in hope they fix it
Ben : This game is really cool, learning strategies in motor sport and having a good time!
D James : Unfortunately game is not playable. When In the actual race it's so laggy you can't perform any of the game actions.
Joshua Hoilett : I love the game honestly but it crashes too often. You need to fix that up playsport.
Taiwo Lawal : If you love strategy sport racing games; it's sure worth your time! Also join MMO on Discord. You'd be pleasantly amazed with the community of players there.
M S : I would like to be able to set the pit stop strategy before the start of the race with an option to override the strategy during the race.
Raymond Santiago : Great game. Pretty simple. Easy to learn if you don't play management games.
Saurabh Bhalerao : Great game. Takes time to learn all things and make winning strategy.But worth all the efforts.
Shawn Tardif : Great game, competitive and entertaining. I have put some time and have begun to really enjoy this game. So far, this game is worth the time.
Daryl Brimilcombe : Good but now game is frozen on the finding players then I get kicked out of every race. So that's another game with issues
Patrick Beattie : Good fun. Don't understand why you can't see the all weather for the race. Clearly the CPU can.
Golda Akolo : Nice race car game pls update it more 👍😎 thx for the game. #PlaySport Games. Pls make the graphics better and fix the bugs.
Nick Harper : Hmmm i smell pc version soon (can you please release motorsport manager 2 pc version enough mobile game ,pc need more circuit )but goddamn why you mix the sport ?,all i want if i chose open wheel league i want to race in that league
Александр Mихайловский : Lag. Freeze. Even in menu
Ethan Tinker : It's a waste of time I have a Samsung Galaxy S4 enough space and everything but mine doesn't want to open
JoshSnpz 7 : Good game, lags a little but no too bad. Could have a few minor adjustments but overall pretty good
Tomasito : Great game but are you guys kidding with the maintenance? Most of the day this game is unavailable.
Alim Aslam : Not happy with the competitiveness of the game. The game isn't good. It could be better if they fix their Game play competitiveness.
David C : Interesting at 1st then BORING because they want you to spend REAL MONEY!! Can only play for free for about 2 days.
Dejan Čekada : Takes long time to start, closes app in the middle of the race without any notification...
my muzix : Worst racing game in the world ... Even 80s racing game batter then this sit ... This is first racing game have no controller lol . Uninstall
Joseph Miller : Fix your game with your new update it says it's unable to find a match even though in the pre-race screen all 10 players have loaded in it's been doing it for two and a half hours now #Thegamewasn'tbroken #addmoreovals #fixyourgame
raja bhushan : Nice game im enjoying graphics are super games controls also nice but game some times not control i think in this game some bug is there
Gabriel Ionescu : Good game, but impossible to play. Past few days it just couldn't connect to any races for me, despite the time of day I've been trying
Mako Ent : Great fun game.only issue I have is the lack of transferring data between devices.
ACJ212 : Fun game but like all app games. Lure you in with fun then need your money to progress. Stick with Xbox and PS.
Patty O'Malley : Great But more customizable things like driver names would be nice - feels like you are just racing CPU opponents even though it says youre racing real players
Zambros Azam : Best racing manager game. But still got bug last time when try to update says nothing to update. But need update to play
Ian Barlow : The game is running to slow. And not my WiFi. I won't be playing no more. Was a good game. Shame
Dale Gibbon : Game is stupid. It kicks you out most the time and says it's due to Game maintenance. It's not free to race you still need to spend money to even start a race.
Fayoosh Thoth EL : The game is working now after doing a phone update and making some changes to the phones graphics settings.
benjamin namaiko : Quiet and interesting game that gives the chance to play simulation games as a Manager and it's quiet addictive
H4WK 3000 : it keeps kicking me out for no apparent reason everytime I make a part or race or even watch ad it kicks me out of the game and to my home screen
Zuu Heroes : It's quite fun and you can kill time with it, but if you intend taking this game seriously then you might need a deep wallet.
Collins Lamb : Game lags and now with new update unable to enter races. Too many bugs.
Waz : How boring you don't even race alot of ""ok I got it click now"" looking down from a far distance just to watch looked like ants running around waste of time
Ottoman : This game is having alot of bugs at the moment cant seen to join any races and devs havebt responded to a ticket from october. No help in FAQ either
king slayer : The game was good but now it is too hard all the ai cars always win i keep coming in last place why soo far my car is fast but i cant win no races now please fix
Euan Lowrie : So far so good. Shorter races than the single player versions but all the same goodies as before
Captain Mo : Very fun if t Your into car games but still want to have more ability to do things in the game than this is your game
Kevin Canavan : Always online requitrment. Do not try this game. I'm uninstalling and going back to Motorsport Management 3.
Nicolaus Leo Martino : Why always fail to find the player when start the race?? Showing message "unable to find match" need to restart.
Mattgaming : Game never loads and when dose a message pops ups and I can not do anything on the game worst game ever fix this now.🤬
Cody Watson : Wont launch. Tried uninstalling multiple times since it came out. Wont start races
Brian Boat : This game is so immersive and in depth. This game challenges you to the core. LOVE IT!!!
Nik S : Very good gave. I didnt rate with 5 stars coz many times it restarts due to problems. Note 9 user
Richard Copeman : Rubbish. If you can't get to play due to high volume of players it doesn't matter how good it is! Two days now. Tomorrow I delete
Mathew Martin : Finally a proper decent in depth motorsport manager game. Done excellent. Thank you for making this!
Soni Ramadhan : i love this games.. but idk, every single race this games always force close on me :( please fix this bug.. :) , thank you
Izzuddin Wertpenyu : If this game is not a pay to win game, then I would have play this game everyday and even recommend it to everyone I know. But well... it needs all the money.
Joshua Silva : Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay too lagy. I dont know if its me with the bad internet or if its the game itself. And this is happening not in the race but in the whole game.
22. Rupam Biswas : Phenomenal game ..... Yet it requires more details on logic ...... How can be a formula e car be so fast on the corners while the f1 car isn't
Ash Davies : Can't find match? Happens too much. 12000 plus players online and you can't find me a race!!!! It's getting annoying
Benjamin Tyy : Great Game during covid 19 less stressful. Buy there is a bug for sound and slow loading game.i using samsung note 9
Eddie Plater : Good. Need some better paint jobs earlier in the game though. Maybe some flag based designs
Firman Setia Nugraha : Good game..but there are a lot of bugs and its so laggie. Please fix it.
Millennial Trucker : Literally searches for 5 seconds then forces restart due to "no matches found" terrible network service.
Moises Almonte : it lacks optimization and better controls as it is a bit awkward.
Mike Everling : There are some bugs in the system the frames freeze and skip.
SOUTH LAND MAFIA Gaming : Great game, seems fun, but, I couldn't get past the first race, I kept getting kicked out of the app.
Darwin Dela Cruz : I really like the game but the update now it feels like the stats of the racers are useless now.
GJ : Wow.. What a game!! Minimal but precise. Addictive and Thrilling. Loved it.
D J Arnet : Great game, not a big need to spend cash to make improvements to your cars.
Bassel Ikram : Lagging like hell The game is amazing But the liveries are expensive And most of the time the races are lagging and i cannot control the pit stops which make me lose
fire boy88 : It is a good game these are the thangs you need to add 1 win you want skins for your cars instend of paying real money you can add you need points like win you win a race you get the points
Aldrin Carlo Unza : I cannot even enter a race at all.. error code 1123, i think there's a problem with their servers
Wayne Ng : Super duper fun game I like the sound effects of the buttons!!And it's super addictive overall,superb game!!!
Nicholas Ketchum : definitely a free to play, pay to win game. I have been stuck in the same place for months now.
Pooja Soni : This game is very fine but when I check this game yesterday it's not working but now is working thank you company
Jeremy Chappius : Would be a good game. But its just another pay to win game. Unlike most people I refuse to pay money to win at a video game. Also how can it go from 15% reliability to 0 and out of the race in half a lap?
Anythingf1 : I can't log in to FB so I reinstall it to see if it was glitched and now I lost everything
JETT RECORDS : Wow Just wow Great graphics Easy interface, purchases could be less cheaper
Matthew John : Only fakeboard allowed, no google back up. Tutorial cannot be skipped. So I removed it.
Nikhil Lopes : Lags a lot and the frame rate goes zero when starting worst game to play 😑😑😑
kioshi sada : This game is fun but if I change a new player the rating is high but why do I finish in 15th place and below😂
Chris Ferraro : It was good for awhile until no matter how much money you try to spend you can't get to the 7th tier REALLY STARTS TO GET ANNOYING AFTER AWHILE
Qyu RenjyO : The in app purchase is expensive I would say. Lower down the cost or increase the amount we receive to get 5 stars
Razak Ahmad : The tutorial like this game for kindergarden, to long and no skip button. No need tutorial la weehhh!!! Only game maaa.
A Google user : Great fun. Element of strategy and planning. Recommend to any Motorsports lover.
Karl Porter : Well the experience hasnt even started considering the app keeps shutting on me every 2 mins.. sort it out
David Owusu Gyamfi : Why can't I purchase anything in the game? Anytime I try to buy something, all I get is a loading screen and nothing else. Please fix this.
Erik Hernández : Really good game, would recomend if you can ignore the frequent crashes while playing.
Wahyu N. W. : I cant find match the race When finding player always stop and close at 7th. Fix the bug
Aiman 25 : It too slow to play. Even my connection is superb with other games. This game always got delayed!
Mackenzie Mason : I couldn't even get into a single race, the app is slow, unfriendly and just poorly made
Daniel Graue : So many bugs and poorly optimized, entirely pay to win as you advance further into the game.
Gilang Anugrah Adibrata : Really enjoy this game so much, but i can't find match, always stuck and refund my match, please fix it ASAP
Septian Eka Indrawan Ismail : This is a great game. Hey can you please create a game like this? But with sportbikes or and moto gp, that would be awesome. Totally
Paul Grant : Can no longer seem to race, reaches the finding players stage and either crashes or finds players and never moves on
Hades : The game is really amazing and fun but it shows this stupid poor network error even though I was using really fast wifi
Montster123 : Good game but connection is inconsistent. Always get 'unable to find match when on mobile data
Anderson Rocha : Fun game to play....building and strategy focused...of course it happens on the game's turn but pretty fun
Hristo Zhelev : Really cool game with great features and a great team of developers! Keep it up!
My Helmet Story's : Seems like game is developed to force user to pay for the items to keep themselves in game. Worst gameplay and strategies
Brandon Gil : Great game and really uses strategy to win races and doesn't rely solely on power of the car
Tina Schulz : Freezes in races, even when pit stop is choosen, no pit stop is made. Unplayable
Jake Houchins : Just started playing, fun so far. Helps replace the lack of any sports right now.
James Wright : It's fun. But I definitely think it shouldn't just be an online game. Maybe make it a mix of both offline and online.
Barry Davies : I have had all the MM mobile games and loved playing all of them. MM online is just the icing on the cake, brilliant.
Dan H : Good game.but missed 5 * due to it becoming a regular thing where it cant find a game.use to be every now and then but seems more frequent now
Breno Silva : The game is good but I never understand how is the right method to pay when the contract with the pilot finish
Steve Burton : Only played for a week, but after updating i've lost all my progress- not starting again- poor game!
Arkan Aulia : I cant even play the competition, it always said unable to find match. So dissapointing.
Brad Anderson : Fun game. It took a few minutes to look over everything and figure out how it works but it runs smooth.
Michael Fox : Prety good with many motorsport cars like formula e but when racing just a little better graphics would give it a 5 star from me but thank you
PenguinV2 : This is the best game of all motorsport still need to improve in all aspect bit its new give it some time it will be' bettter
Bill Naquin : I don't like the fact that I have to pay to continue I really don't like that feature about this game so when it comes to paying to continue I just get out of it wait for a couple of hours then come back on I spent too much money as it is on this game
Muhammad Fayruz Rizqi : bring back Daniel ABT, why it became an unknown driver? bug on Yokohama Circuit. Race car with MotoGP experience, got Pole Position at last corner before chequered flag and with +0.1 different time, I really Enjoy it
J Berg : Game is a little hard but learning but it's a really fun game and hopefully it gets better
Dan Castaneda : Extreme fun and love that we can play against other players and not just the computer
Ahmad Fairuz : The best motorsports manager in world...thanks for the experience...still need improvements...
Francisco Chagas Correia : Fun game but too many crashes. Keep getting 1123 errors and crashing over and over
Leo Riley : Not let me play a every single time I entered the game and press right it keeps me out every single time will not let me play please fix it
Omur Can Kayaokay : For aome reason, game closes itself during tutorial. I am waiting for an update.
Wayne King : So far I've played a few races that's real fun very interactive and you have to make judgments to help your team along very enjoyable
Nathan Urgel : I loved the previous games and glad to see motorsport manager finally pull off eith a multiplayer edition.
Joseph Anaedozie : Worldwide Extraordinary The game is so much more fun and challenging just like Real Life Events on TV. Brilliantly. God bless you
Sayak Mondal : Downloaded this game with great expectations just 10 minutes ago. Didn't take me past the loading screen.
Carmz : Well designed game, but designed to make you spend money like so many games now.
Dylan Brown : Not a fan I preferred MM as a solo experience if I wanted MP I would play a SIM racer not being a pitwall manager sitting on the can, getting beaten by hakers 2 star only coz I liked the first 3 bring back solo games that I can pay for
Brian Street : Great game. Does make you think but Qualification is a bit hard to work out how you end up on pole or not??
DanThe Man : Best racing management game available for mobile. I love the fact you guys finally brought a PvP version of this game.
Junaid khan : Keeps crashing on the loading screen. Any fix will be helpful
Darius Nore : It's fun time waster but I let it sit and build up money on sponsors for a couple days between racing.
Pie Mordal : Great racing manager game, the best tbh, fun and addictive, not p2w. Come and play, you'll be amazed
Chishala Chuunga : This is a great game but when I open it, for some reason it crashes so I hope they can fix that.
Gary Botha : Awesome game.... Just do not try to log in through Facebook... Loving it... Addictive....
Lev in : Really cool game, crashes everytime i want to sign a driver thou. So only 3 stars. Once fixed itll get 5
John Campbell : Its a good game great graphics, but the game just crashes every 5 minutes for no reason
Josh Williams : Can't seem to continue career after the initial tutorial races would like to be able to play more
Chris Fly : Great game, and the Help people are the best! The best thing is, it is Not pay to win.
Jerry S : lags very bad. can't send orders to pit at all . ends up always losing.
Johnny Arevalo : this is a pretty awesome game. what pisses me off and I'm uninstalling it. before the race starts I get kicked out I get my refund I'm tired of that
Keng Wee Tan : It have the glitch I can't even enter when it loadto 50 percent it will automatically go to home and I can't even play
Chuck Molnar : Cool game just getting used to it but now that I got the hang of it you do need a racing brain so it is a challenge
A Google user : Good game but it's mostly pay to win I think and another thing this game has an update like every day it's annoying.
Stevie Shaw : Very good so far. Would be nice to be able to develop the cars more in more areas.
Sam Animations : Loads of fun with lots of stratagy and cars and tracks and great graphics...... definitely worth it
Fuzail Sawant : Rigged game, the matchmaking is a joke, no matter the strats the you win or lose when the game wants you to win or lose. Tier 3 class B doesn't even show qualifying power in the qualifying section, players qualify randomly despite their qualifying power. Fix your broken game.
Hrishikesh Tendulkar : For motorsport fans this is an excellent experience found electrifying energy like managing the whole team and getting podium finishes à
Haslan Hasan : What happen to dev? Why there are no more updates? The game is great but it's starting to become laggy most of the time.
Ben Fletcher : Get into a game and its laggy as hell, cant even do a pitstop. Completely unplayable!!
zucko2 : Played the previous 3 motorsport manager and enjoyed them.. This online version looks good and interesting
Sample 16 RR3 : This game is awesome but some errors happen after the login with Facebook so please check the error and make the game
BlueBag Official : The gameplay isn't goid enough, and the signal always says poor signal. Even i have good signal
Lets Avenge : I play daily. Maybe a race or two. It's fun to do every once in a while or to go full on.
Rey Collazo : great game, i feel like tyres are in great balance but i wish the engine types were. but over all great game
Frank Nemeth : Wouldn't have given this a 5 if you are allowed to repair your car fully instead of just having to choose one thing
Safwaan Miller : great,just a bit laggy
Mr Folie : Best Motorsport game so far, really intense and kinda real. Will be addicted to this game.
Squashy J : Unable to transfer my progress from my old phone without Facebook, which I don't use. :(
Nick : Wow... Just wow... Never played a game that has so much lag.... Took about 15mins just to get to lap 3... I gave up and uninistalled.
Aloysius Yeo : Way too laggy to play during the race for this online version. Gonna uninstall this game... Loved playing MM3 instead.
Rodelio Castillo : very disappointed coz I've been repeating on change driver although its newly hired.. i cannot replace the other driver i wanted to replace
Sean Javick : Only complaint right now is that everytime I go to sign new driver and it gets agreed on my game crashes out so I cant sign a new driver. Is there a reason or work around?
mohamed haneef : Exceptionally well designed game play, very entertaining and engaging.
Legalna Chmura : Servers are constantly busy. It's rarely possible to play. Don't waste your time and money there
Rangga Nugraha : Would be more interesting if each car type has different race (open wheel, stock, formula etc)
Fadhli Hilmy : Game is great overall, the only problem I have is how hard it is negotiate with a driver.
Jackwin Immanuel S : Need to fix some twitches.... Otherwise best motorsport manager game for free by a long margin
Jamie Stanford : Completely unplayable. Laggiest gaming experience I have ever had. Disgrace.
Brian Saling : Game is good but after spending $20 and linking it to Facebook I can no longer log into game so no I'm uninstalling this game!!!!
Brett Connolly : Great gameplay and UI far too many micro transactions and paid content.
Peter Jackson : Great game, but the game servers are dreadful. The servers make the races pointless as they can't cope. Very very frustrating
steve hill : Forces you to use Facebook! I deleted my Facebook account and got a new phone and lost all my progress. Shocking that this game forces you to use Facebook. Uninstalled!
Eric Adrian Reynal Preciado : This game is great but the connection with the server is very poor and is impossible to play.
rhys milne-jones : Brilliant game really enjoyed but 3 days in a row im unable to play saying high number of players experiencing issues
Iale Idioma : Would be a good game but ATM it's full of bugs and not enjoyable besides the "online" is nothing but bots
Aleksandar Gasenberger : I playd game for an hour. Next time i wanted to play game crashes on loading screen.
nallavelli mukeshreddy : The game is not at all opening in case if it opens also takes a long time waste game i have seen ever
Muhammad Adil : Has annoying issues.. the game is awesome when it works.. but good luck getting on a server
Mike Penney : Great game till about 7 hours ago when all I get is unable to find match was going to rate 5 stars great game but now I cant even get a race
Justin Martinez : last version was better, hard to move up when every other driver is highly leveled against new players
Chris Turner : Must be spamware the game lags and crashes don't know about the racing because i have seen is a laggy ass lap and speach boxes that that minutes to load in
Bunny : Can not join races, server timeout seems to happen before all 10 team managers can connect.
Kenneth Allen : I would enjoy the game more if it didn't crash everytime I tried to connect it to Facebook
Mike Cole : Terrible, lost all my progress and everything, not impressed at all.
Jason Tomczak : Gameplay itself is nice, graphics are cool, game becomes a little monotonous though
Matt v : Really enjoyable game, but needs a way to sync accounts other than Facebook.
Bryan Vanmetre : Good game good concept but seems to be impossible to find races I will join a race it's find 5 people then it quits the race due to server timing out
Nawal Fard : The game was really good but sometimes really lag..my internet all okay even sometimes i using wifi also lag..please fix it 🙏
Porkbelly Cavite : The game would continually restart. After the 6th time, uninstall.
Ryan : installed and uninstalled immediately. it just wouldn't connect. very unfortunate.
Marlon Jenkins : Was having fun until it started to repeatedly close itself or just not load at all.
Yellow Flash : Addicting game, please add more F1 Drivers, More cash events or paddock tokens events, more strategy, and we can edit our cars paint with some pictures we want
Gigs Super : Best strategy game. Need to add radio communication between manager & driver
Tanto : Very great formula 1 manager game. Just need to add any real circuit and real F1 driver for reality.
Mark Powell : Awsome manager game,with plenty of development boosts through ads,take your time when elevating through championships,use event races to make a tidy fortune to get and maintain your racecars and drivers😁sponsership deals give you cash and pit tokens for races,develop your hq to make the best of all boosts available. If you take your time to develop your account then you can also have an awsome team without any dependancy upon your wallet😁👍plenty of deals for those who have cash to burn too😁
jungleboy tae : I like the game alot but it keeps stopping with everything i do i played it once with no problems
Pinind Davies : Looked promising as a casual manager game but all day it's said update but re-downloaded and still not updating.
Steven Milton : This game is brilliant WHEN IT WORKS. As all it does is keep going 1199 error code.
Matt R : Why is this game no longer available in the playstore??????? It's better than motorsport manager mobile. This you actually race real people no fun when its only AI .
Bret Balthaser : It's pretty cool to manage a race team and make the decisions for the races and the cars
Anshuman Pandit : Game needs a lot of bandwidth, a little drop in internet performance leads to lags.
Siva Ganesh : get the real world driver names
Adhitya Bobby : Never feeling any better! Definitely the best racing manager game I ever tried.
Suma M : super bike race
David Knapp : Have not been able to run a race for about a day now. Attempting reinstall.
hYp3racta1v3 : It's a good game I really enjoy it but the new update makes it run horribly and constantly crashes
J Hu : Ads pay for in game cash which is , frankly, expensive but the game is okay.
Dariusz Habrom : Why is this game lagging so much on a Huawei P30 PRO? I'm sure the phone is good enough to handle it, it's absolutely unplayable
Gary : Good game just I have some questions. What happened to motorsport manager mobile 1. I still have it on my phone but I'm just curious why you removed it from the playstore. Will there ever be another free motorsport manager mobile?
Gentankyou : Can't even open it. Goes to 99% and goes back to home screen. Hurry and fix it
Aryan Kamyar : Great game with many strategic decisions, it's just sad that it's a little limited for us Iranians.
Garry Taylor : Decent game, but crashes and needs to be restarted every 5 minutes
Vasanti Gole : Its a great game.the graphics are just amazing.it will give u the feeling of a real motorsport manager.download it.
Justin North : It's about as close as you can get to the experience of managing a racing team. Very fun!
Whymustidie 23 : One of the mottos should bs "Blue flag! Blue flag!" But still, very good game
eduard ciovica : Solved 👍 Can t play for 2 days,, The game experience too many players activities,, and restart. It is annoying, can you do something?
Ahmad Asyraf : Very disappointed with game performance.. very many time win the podium but to take longer time loadings the data
Thapakorn Tantirattanapong : Lot of errors I stuck almost every I finished the race some time cannot connect to the race what the F....
Muhammad Hazeeq : Can't open the game, crash whenever I want to race. Please fix it
Agustín : Really funny but i hate when the connection it's lost and i have to restart the game.
SyaFiq Ewagokure : Game a bit lack while playing. Overall this game just fine but fun to play. Keep on improving
Lewis Reed : Driver upgrades take too much of your funds up, but otherwise a great game.
Ray Kulczewski : Good game but it just doesn't capture the enjoyment of the single player games imo.
Jeet Patel : The race is always laggy. I have Snapdragon 855 phone so please, its your game that has an issue. 🙂
Sphesihle Mthokozisi : Bad game to have as a gamer...am warning everyone out there,DON'T DOWNLOAD THIS GAME, I know it look cool but it's a waste of data nd time!
Imran Waggie : I like the Game, it gave me the thrill from missing out on F1 races during the lockdown.
Zero edan : very great game but it's just so much cashgrab man, i want it to be more rewarding and more free stuff
mohammed azarudeen : It's really good game, it is very useful to know about races & their jobs, grpahics are good
Landon Thomas : Amazing game, just insanely long wait times the further into the game you get.
José Neves : Good game but filled with IAP's and the famous "game pass" 8,50€ a month for extra items My formula1 tv subscription is less than that, yikes
T B : Glitches too much and 2x rrwards do t load after watchimg the stupid ads that no one wants to see...gaming is no longer fun on mobile devices
Luis Silva : Using the old menu you can't access the car parts tab, I had to change to the new one
Daniel Hefner : You took the funnest part about MM,which was the fact I didn't have to play with other people and destroyed it by only giving me the option to play with other people.
Hunter Price : Great game love it will not load for me though tried redownloading it but nothing at the moment if fixed most amazing game i have played in a while
Branksy Art : Stupid game game. Only Let you play the walktru. With no change to explore and check The menu for your self.
Star_scream : Great game, I love it very much. The theme and experience is rewarding.
Alex : Isn't pay to win, no forced ads. Can be a fun game but 5 ⭐ solely on no-ad & no p2w policy. Keep it up
abulxsalleh _ : Please update new features on Master. After 5k point is pointless. No rotate map. Always same. Boring.
Ciortea Adrian : Poor optimisation. Nice graphics but not able to see even a race .
Aldous Ormandy : I bought MM2 & MM3, thought this MM Online would be great but after several hours playing, no... If you love MM2 & MM3 this MM Online only better in graphic, gameplay and other overall is worse...
Mats Härtull : Unable to login after a week, had to reinstall app and lost all progress.
Ranger Tiga : The best motorsport manager ever.. But still need more reward and better gameplay..
Parthip Ss : This game is very bad.and firstly I played this game and it has no control and we could not drive .. very very baad
Jensen Anderson : Love all the Motorsport Manager games best racing games on play store and for me best overall.
Dean Treml : Nice to work the angles and tactics rather than just another driving game.
Truman : I give it 2 stars great game but after tier4 it constantly disconnects. Great game until your outta tier 4 then you'll never play
Bradley bettis : Awesome game. Great mix of realism and easy to pick up fun.
Ed Elenes : Its often down for three hours at a time for maintenance and you will not know until your ready to race... true way to win is buying coins from them.
Sam Squire : it is realistice and fun but mabey add a camra where you can see the drivers perspective
BUBBA DUDE : Badddddddd!!!!bro fix the game and make the game where it doesn't slow down when it turns that is how Nascar worksssss!!!! Stupid Other than that you succkckckckckckcckckckck
Bonez Don : Excellent game what would make it 5* would be to share the management of the drivers with a friend.
Brian Tolbert : Not the traditional way of racing but still keeps you on the edge!
Jaime Hernandez : This app is great it's just that when u tryed to update this game it takes a while but still the game is great.
stealthgun5 : Started out great with good monitization balance, but with every update the game forces you to grind more and more
Bryant Jackson : I really want to like this game ,but the constant crashing of the game make it unbearable.
John Barber : Really enjoying this race management sim. Lots to tweak and personalise.
Phil : Lots of options to choose from with strategies and setup. Can't put it down.
ODP Original deadly prophet : Graphics are good but the game lags slot I have tried deleting and re downloading but still has major lag issues
Risa Qistina : Everything is good... Only your server need to upgrade... Difficult to get through the connection
Alan Thomas : A great free game, the ads are optional and the gameplay is so much fun
Martyn : Good game but to many bugs. Also keeps saying I have bad connection, when I don't
Luis Perez : Worse experience ever playing game, super lag super lag super bad, I just can't do anything, unstalled
Mark Ortiz : this game kept not letting me race at the same time it should be worked on alot more I have seen fake games better than this.honesty I wish this was a bit better
Sergiu Morar : About 1 million in-game money dissaperead after an error like Object[0]=null or something like that. 2 races blocked at the podium screen. Bye
Luke Frammingham : Good game but it runs very slowly and my drivers never seem to pit told to resulting lots of dropped points
Irwansyah Putra : Please fix bug when racing so many bug. Edited to 2 star when ever i get updated always same 500mb
John Johnston : It is a really good game with awesome detail but the game takes so much space from your device
Steve Byerly : Totaly different game from then before way more smoother and the graphics are great
Syahrul Faizal : Poor connection, when use wifi or mobile data.. Please need to improve that poor connection..
vinay ramphal : The game freezes way too much, I got really annoyed after the 1st race and uninstalled
herdianto prayogo : Well less strategy, more upgrading. Choose tyre, strategy for each driver. More like MM3,
A digital artist : i dont really like simulation games like this that includes real life racer, (football is an exception)
Arvindh Veera : I can't type my team name in the game it just stuck when you fix it then i play the game and give five star and please Reply to me
Stephen Thornton : Great game, now we can see the cars when we zoom in keep up the good work
Regis Campbell : Fun game to play but way too buggy. Galaxy Note S10+ and was dropped from races
Bettypvp Games Free : 👍 MM Online Game Pros: 💖Good Game Art Design 💖It's better than similar games. 💖Nice Game Control 💖Great Sound Effect 💖Good Game Smoothness.
Ergi Fauzan : Its always said error code :1123 and then the games kick me out..my device is samsung 8+ Its quite fun games thoug..
Michael Dewsbury : Really good game but not sure why open wheel cars and formula E are racing Stock cars.
Monish Rajupalepu : Yuck, what a buggy game. Please quit making games, you're embarrassing the sport and yourself. Might as well just fire yourself. Absolute blasphemy of a game.
Manshul Goyal : The app updates are too frequent! I wouldn't have minded that if its size wasn't so big!
muhd sufyan bin shapiee : I like how the f1 and the cars that we chose look legit real!!!! I wish theres a reward that contains 1m and 50m
