Fikriadi Muhammad : Good
M. Percy : Great
Widodo Dodo : Good
Ashiqur Rahman Mallik : Getting ready to an important valuable fight of life while I find this..You are helping me so far.. Just wishing that you wont make me grind too much nor my wallet so I can say that I like you (Just Chapter 1) and you deserve single player awesome story based gameplay with more sequels; new adventures/class/ventures timeline. I see portal puss*bilities along with two thousands more with you. Then again, you are mobile and free and am poor but hopefully wise...Awesome so far 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Jakub Parzychowski : Very nice casual game. Gameplay is enjoyable and controls intuitive. Cute graphics. Does not force you to pay for anything and bonuses for watching ads are adequate.  All in all a goo little game to kill time.
Aamir Bilvani : Great Diablo like ARPG, optimized for the mobile. Only issue I sometimes have is during a fight with a switch nearby, I end up touching the switch instead of the enemy... otherwise a fantastic game.
Ardamar : I'm loving how hard it is. Not a simple game and the controls are spot on. Just rather confused if the items do anything or are pure cosmetic.
Tim B : Lots of fun!  Zeldaesque for sure.
Dan Harvey Ong : superb game! bought anti-ad and some pirate chests to support the devs! good job!
Zabi G : Game is fun, nicely-crafted, but the controls leave you desiring for better.
Rares Lisovschi : Thank you.
Mr. Shelby : I like it
Bong Francisco : Love it!!!
avid wolf : THANK YOU for using actual gameplay footage in the video preview. Now I actually KNOW I want to play it right off the bat!
yobjj 321 : This game is good for killing time
SIMONE DB : The game is very easy
Cluckadoodle Toons : Well made game. Every level seems different and not repetitive. Some of the controls can be a bit annoying but overall it's fun.
anshuman anand : Having a lot of fun, addicting,good for spending spare time
Matt Griffiths : This is a great game. Easy to pick up for short 5-10 minute sessions, or just keep going and play for hours. IAPs exist, but I haven't yet felt you need them to progress which is good. I purchased remove ads to support the developer. One thing I will say, the cost of cosmetics could get REALLY expensive. Maybe it should only increase in price when you get a new item instead of every draw?
Syakirin Mohamad : Love everything about the game! The only thing that I want in the next update is, can you make so that we can interact with the heroes at the main screen? I love to see they're jumping around but sadly I cannot do anything with them.
Ahmed Saad : Why is the money almost useless in the game? Why can't I gain experience points if I fail a stage?
Mahmoud Fath : It's a great game. I would give 5 stars but controlling is very bad
A Google user : Not a bad little game! If you're a D and D fan! New gamers probably won't like this game! If you grew up on Atari and intellivision! IT'S PERFECT!
Patrick Wong : Pretty fun game. The progression is at a good pace and the graphics are cute. I also like the multi-touch to split group.
Ajit Kane : This i most interesting game i have ever plas but we can take very less heroes
Pomagrenade : I'm not bluffing but this is probably the most fun I've had playing a game ever if u don't download ur missing out on a lot of fun!
Jonathan Willis : The game itself seems simple enough but some of the adverts are a problem. Like final fantasy advert, there is no close button, you are forced to close and reopen the game to get back in.
James Emus : Don't change anything  o love ot
Anton Hallén : Bland, and too much hand holding
Abhishek Singh Chauhan : A totally addictive game.If you are bored because of old games then give it a try.You'll not be bored😉😉😉
Robert Holmes : Not very far but good
Mark W : Rating prompts after less than 10 minutes playing = 1*
marinel blanza : It doesn't even work
Nate Nienaber : Very fun for road trips!
prem kr : How to add more heroes ? Mine shows 5/8 heroes. .wer r the remaining three ?
Ziyad S : Needs a story line. Mission objectives should have a connection to the story.
Тимур Альчибеков : Don't run in HTC desire 526 G
Darin Woodley : lost interest straight away
SPEO - : Needs a better way to level up
Jimmy walker : Great game love it!😎
Ahmed Deiaa أحمد ضياء : very nice game. I really like it. The game idea is new and the graphics are very much stunning
André Cândido : Addicting! This is what i call a unique and smart game. There's nothing like this on the store!
J Aldoph : Innovative and responsive controls, while still remaining entertaining for short periods of time.
Denis Gvr : Fun...but training is anoin
A Google user : Do not play it I can play it
concepcion mayorquin : It's a very fun & intense game you'll be on your heels when you play it.
yeet mcpeet : This game is pretty good I would recommend it to anyone who likes the necromancer
Macey Muir : I like the maps is hard
?????? : It is very cool and very addictive for me guys who created this game five star for me
Fathur Razzaq : Great game dude!
Jose David Mendoza Fallas : Quick paced and entertaining. Limited uses for the in-game resources
afif fakhru : Enjoyable and simple fun game. Need more adventure !
andres burgos : Muuuuuy Bueno!!!
natalia blascruz : The greatest game to make my fingers ready for school
vincent jay aguinid : Don't Work
Rowena Reciproco : This is short review
LoveTigeress : Fun game! I really like it so far.
Bilal Qureshi : Simple but engaging little game - worth trying
Eric : 呃呃测绘局特😊
Wen-Ping Ying : Awesome game. Love the control using tap and swipe.
Luis Pombeiro : Nice simple game, great time killer.
Dillon Riddell : Love it! Reminds me of Legend of Zelda.
Chin Shien : Pretty Fun
Nagarajan GK : Good game for time pass..so funny
Peter Lee : Pretty good, easy. Little fun one.
Kamarul Hisyam Vlog : Best simple games
Pongthorn Ganjanathavat : Easy play, also thinking game
Yuki Rei : its unique n smart game
Mayanka Roy : Good game with cool tactical gameplay
James Kimbleton : Fun time waster
Jeremiah Kirby : Crashes constantly
Manoj Kumar Acupressurist : Cool graphics and easy controls
Jefri Yandika : Keep develop new game
Lim Yong Hao : It's fun, and adventurous
Rahul Kumar : Best android game.
kevin nelson : Very easy to play.
Prashanth Majety : Nice and addictive game...!!
Florin M. : Nice game!
K Beatz - Kiyan : SPEECHLESS...
M M : Nice well made
Abdu Septihadi : Such a fun game
A Google user : Gg
James Chan : Funny
Fernando Oliveira : Divertido
Bjørn Fredskilde Weedy Hidy : Love it :D
Tammy Seiter : John cena:-) :-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
Brian Walsh : Good game
Mahmoud Sherif : Its amazing
Lokesh Pawar : Not bad
vishwa el : Good game
sid redad : Great game
cak an : Interesting game
hovanquoi ho : amazing game
rich money : Nice adventure
mark adkins : Love it
Richard Allan Baquiran : Ok.fun.
Rafael Rajy Lanaja : Awesome
Diðrik Mason : Luv it
Young Zhou : cool
Leeward Elejeno : Nice
Afiq Ezz : Awesome
Aastha Koirala : lovely
Adnan Faruk : Awsome
Mayur Shukla : Awesome
Dan Walter : Fun
Andrew Rickard : I think the tutorial level design is good enough, you don't need to hold my hand for me to figure it out. It makes the game feel even easier. Let players discover the problem and solution, they will feel more rewarded in the end
Joel Davies : Easily one of the best games on the play store. Yes it gets difficult, but I've not spent a penny on gems. Its made me rage quit several times, but I can't stay away for too long.. Incredible game.
A Google user : Would have rather rated it 5 🌟 , but the live goes off too fast and take much time to get back, you should , add that the I st and 2nd stages be played without using life.
Ollie R : Gets difficult quickly, i.e. they want you to pay money for gems for revivals quickly. Unless you endlessly grind the boring and repetitive dungeon.
Jesko K : Very innovative controls. It's really f2p. Since last update no experience from dungeons anymore. But fast reply from developers.
dominic Anthony : Fun I'm homeless and I can still get away for a good time thank you for such a great game
Robert Heptinstall : I love the game but hate the depressing music. Can you add the option to just turn off music and keep the sound on? Will move to 5star
DarkCogar : Gets very difficult, kinda impossible but till then it's amazing
tony waldroup : This is some garbage ass gamplay
puppet life w : the game is good but I'd make the free reward come every two hours
Niccolò Santin : Great job is since a while i never played a funny game as this. Maybe more customerisation of charachter will be more funny
APEKSHIT CHANDEKAR : I have a lots of fun in the game ..thank you so much for lovely game
Victor Lucero : great idea for a game, easy to control and I like the item upgrades
Victor Vente : J'adore ! Fun et tactique, j'adore les graphismes ;p
Nejc Gregorec : I like it
farook sayed : Ek no
Praneel Ramanan : Nuce game boiiii
Punch : This game is good I ensure u that u should download it
I H : Great game can't wait to see where it goes in the future
Junver Veracion : I love it the game Has very good controls
Phillip Gendall : This game is awesome by getting Jem's faster
Matthew H : Great fun!!!! Simple and quick. Easy too play
Manny De Sousa : Really good
WhiteRabbit : Nice game. Keep up the good work.
Dissappointed Frogmouth : Simple to play yet fun too
Britton C : Just like the pics losing interest
Frdewantama : Wow so cool!! I love this!
Junghoon Kim : Ertedufu Yrufu
whiteassassin13 : Fun time waster
Shahrif Khandoker Rifat : Its a great game.  Love to play.
Turato Productions : pretty good.  addicting !
nazim saikat : Yeah...Its really a good game
Ankit Sharma : That is awesome game....simple and fun
Sam Choy : Simple but addictive!
aidan pearce : Dopeeeee
Zee 420 : Great game to pass the time
kulbir sodhi : Good Time Pass Game
Hanif Muhammad : Simple, I like it
Josh De Vera : It's so so awesome
john peet : Fun. Fast. Cute!
adharsh suresh : Very nice game
Bertus Smuts : Great fun game
Jared Nissen : Really fun and simple
The Mighty Red : what a great game
A Google user : awesome game
andreas panjaitan : Wowwwww
Yogilen Moonien : Love this game.
Shawn M : Fun!
A Google user : SUPER EPIC $$$$$$$$$$$$
Clay : Fun game
kalib swaby : Super good
Andy Robertson : Excellent and the inovative
uzai sindiko : so fun
Amir Firdaus : Super cool
Kidman Forever : Great game
A Google user : Best
Nguyễn Thanh Nguyên : Great
Mike : it is great
KARIM BERMAIN : great
Nathan Harms : Great
Gisela Barreto : Awsome
Derrick DeBenedetto : A simple and fun game. Found this by accident and I never find good games. I would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a quick fun game with great replay value. Don't have to play it for more than a few minutes but could pay it for a long time without being bored.
Kings Refuge : Well first off. Great game. Now here comes the but. Its great till you get to around lv 25. At this time you have at least 2 stats that are so rare its irratating. For example: triple shot for mage n archer,  20% HP for defensive players, Sacrifice apon death heals party,  10% slow.
east paw : I really liked it at first, but after a certain point it becomes a chore to try and improve your party. The devs are pretty cool though and respond quickly to bug reports.
Michael Greer : Barring the usual free-to-play shenanigans, this is a very fun game. It has elements of many game types, including puzzle, action, role-playing, and strategy. The advertisements are not too numerous, allowing a good amount of fun to be had before they start rearing their ugly head. While I would much-prefer a game that is able to be outright purchased, I understand that this is the current state-of-affairs for mobile games. Now, let's see if this game has legs...
Makalani the Damskii : Its a cool game. Doesn't require a big commitment of your time. Stages are not too long. I recommend this game for the line standers, passengers, lazy job, etc. Great game devs.
A Google user : 5 stage of tutorials? Gotta be kidding me stop telling me to do stuff and let me discover the game by myself!!!! Plus boring gameplay could be worse I guess
Marquis Mazyck : After awhile, it's not even about just fighting anymore.  Mostly dodging traps and solving puzzles.
H Man : Could not get past the touch screen at first, but I reinstalled and it's all good now.
A Google user : Woah! This game is really Cool! And bro can you make the health bars visible at all time? that would be nice :)
Red Cloud : Error when saving game to cloud. It takes a very long time but doesn't even finish.
Tridip R. Hazarika : Fun, unique and rewarding hero-collecting/strategy game. The in-game rewards are generous and there are no paywalls. Definitely a 5 star game.
Austin Hennequant : I've only played the game for a few days so I don't know about the long run, but this game definitely is an attention grabber
ALI ASGAR JAFFERY : IS IT A GAME OR WHAT IT IS SO MUCH FUN WHEN WE PLAY IT ANYTIME I LIKED IT THANKYOU FOR MAKING THE GAME. 😄
Dubom Moyong : Great game but too many ads.... Like to play some more games like this
Omar M : Great game I really enjoyed it. The graphics are cool and the game works smooth and fine. I liked the idea of fighting and solving puzzels it is really entertaining
A Google user : This is a great time killer. Fun little game, not much brain power required. Very good game.
Joshua Goodenough : So far so good. Very cool and original concept. Quite a few ads but at least they offer exp or money
Patrick Hodgson : This game crashed my phone 5 times and I still haven't been able to play it  DO NOT GET
Ryan Miller : Not far in but fun so far
Sonic Chill : Excellent game with just enough ads that break immersion
Paulo Barbosa : I think if you give reward its more likely that the person will rate it :)
Utsav Shrestha : Cant progess much even with ton of coins ,gem is required to complete lvls
Weston Fantz : Simple, and engaging game that you can play anywhere without data. What can i say. Its perfect
Torin Freet : F**k you. Made me delete all my games and it still won't start
Steyn Westbeek : Awesome and super amusing game. Funky and appealing graphics. Really gets you emerged in a simple fashion.
Test Prime : I always wanted a strategy game on the phone,  this is a real time, very basic strategy game with puzzle elements
Abdul Hadi : Crash on loading.. Uninstall
Jason K : A great concept but it doesn't use the formation mechanic nearly enough.
Tom Paiboonsin : Simple casual fun game to kill times
Melvin Varsim : Reason why I use my phone
Ferryanto Tjong : I love the concept of the gameplay, please make games like this more often
Kelly Scott : So far is an adorable little time waster
Keith Ferguson : Something different.  Finally.  Yeah!
umimnm jsrfdc : It's a good game grate graphics and very nice control's this game is so fun
Albert Eng : This make my day
Abhishek Sharma : Small but insane
Seonoh Han : 엄청 잼있어요ㅎㅎ
Sam Green : Pretty sweet game, I did how it's reminiscent of Zelda for snes
Jeongmal : Plssss update this app🖒
Joshua Beasley : Awesome tap button rpg. I have enjoyed thus far.
Yannick Caron : Different game. Reminds me of Zelda link to the past =)
Irving Segovia : Boring game.
Lucas S. : Simple yet challenging. Easy yet intense. Great game all-around.
Stefanus Setiyadi : Nice game, so much fun i have when i play this game
Randy Panganiban : I can't play the game......
Archer Legendary : Loved it, great controls, awesome music and action packed
Buddha's Disciple : Bravo !
Stephen Schultz : It's pretty fun and kinda addicting lol
Smile : I higly recommend this game! Very fun!
Ainul Ashraf : I've just seen the video and it was awesome
kris gilbert : Amazing, seriously I absolutely love it
Timothy Hyer-Devine : Fun little action, puzzle game.
Kevin Stone : Simple but fun
Nischal Singh Dangol : This Game is Awesome Then Dota2 Admit it!!!!
- w : Inventive, simple and addictive gameplay
Ade Candra : Divide and conquer
Jesse Walsh : Simple and fun, luv et.
Pokey : It's fun
perabut JV : It is very adventure game!!!
A Google user : I💓IT
Jean Neptune : Good Game  lots of levels
Muhamad Azamuddin Nordin : its awesome game ever
Juju 808 : It's honesty fun
mallory lloyd : Great game!
RottenCoder 9005 : Bestest game ever
Julie Brown : Its awesome game
Burimparth Pakornsiri : Great time killer
Djordje Jovanovic : Its soooo good
Gillian Ryan : Best game mwa
Ben Lee : Brilloany
ANIRBAN BARIK : Superbbb
Ralph Pootawn : Ya
Naufal Andhika : GG
David Stanciu : Pretty noice.
Ania Malone : Really good
Blank : Cute game
James Valiant Latras : Good jog
Steven Edgar : Amazing game
josua triputra : Nice game
Taylor Brown : Executed amazingly
Ankit Patel : simply awesome
Manuel Enriquez : Super cool
Flippin Legend : I love this Game 😆😆😆😆😆
A Google user : it's awesome
Bart Trojanowski : Cute
Aryaan : Good
Jawahar .k : Good
Ronald Julianto : Amazing
Rangga Agung Permana : Coool
HydraDaKingB : Cool
Fareed Chughtai : Awesome
Chin : Good
Mithran Chullikat : A well made puzzle with option to gift the characters in your troop and automatic level up of equipped characters.
Robert J Thompson III : A good mix of RPG stuff and mobile simplicity. The tutorial is a little long; would've loved too see some way to skip it. Overall, it's great!
John Brown : I keep on pressing everywhere on my screen when the touch to start comes to play. I cant even play it anymore
Dirk : Thank you for this awesome game. The graphics are really cute, the gameplay is addicting especially since the stages are really different.  And I like the puzzles.  Everyone should try it.
lara micaela noga : Its awesome game but full of improvement opportunity like hero's can also learn special skills.
Dustin Daniels : Very cool game!😎
mahsam sohail : Fun game
Nemu_Cat iwannasleep : Cool game
stratis giannakis : Greatest
Turn 1 Sol Ring : I am stuck at chapter 6 final boss stage and failed to advance. I love the game but after a while, it becomes boring when you can't clear the levels
a person : It is a good game. It's fun to explore also love how there is more than fighting. It is kind of puzzle game
Aryaman Emmanuel : A really good interesting game , filled with action and adventure would recommend this game to everyone.
Zayne : This is nice..but one thing,its hard to lvl up your units and the rescue are far too expensive and always get the same unit though :o  ;_; Fix this darling
Maakole Games : Reminds me of Kirby Mass Attack.  Good gameplay,  plenty of fun to be had.
Shelton k : Little difficult to play. But really cool graphics.
Bad Badger : Good game like the way it's played and love the the game
Chris Phinney : Chapter 2 stage  2 has a mission to get 80 coins but no way can i get that many its aways 77 .  76 .73
A Google user : Its very nice game the traps helping other people to fight with you and skills its very very good game
Aquanime tv : Amazing game thank you for creating this game
Alevy : Great game in many aspects, fun, challenging, has so many levels and doesn't get boring for a minute
Abhinav Kishore : Lovely little game with simplistic graphics
Raging Pros : BESTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTT GAME FOR YOUTUBEEÈEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!
Fakhri Aushaf : This is so FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU
Vincent Sapone : Love it, lots of fun. Nice puzzle action game
Matm Mactan : Great game pls do more heroes pls Thnx
Livan Duplessis : Very fun game you mus download  this game
Ext_io : Best Game Ever Everything is simple Graphics.Controls.Gamplay
Clayde Jones : AMAZING GAME!!!! DUDE ITS SO COOL
Gil Tpls : Great game i really enjoy it thanks
Chris Penfold : Addictive, easy to pickup and fun!!
Ralf Chua : Its ok
Russian Hikers Arizona : Fun, fast moving and creative.
PJ Seaton : Great fun for hours!
Piwy Adrian : Best game with one finger
Erik Haugen : Controls graphic gameplay great
Justin Martinez : Awesome great game
Fabio Ahmad : Great simple game
MUSCLE LAB GYM : Addictive great game
oon loroutek : Amajing
Cezary Turek : Nice to play.
Jōrdy Tōledō : amazing and addicting
William StCyr : Love the game
Yasha Redfox : Nice game
Coco Valencia : nice game
Kenneth Gingco : Easy and enjoyable
Adriel Premer : Cute graphics
Andrew Galipeau : Fun
Jailen Horn : Coool
Alan Cárdenas : Great
C GEOFFREY GAMING & MORE : Hi, wanted to do a nrw review. I am LOVING what the dev or devs did to this recently. I'm not sure when an update was done but it turned out cool. You can spin ( using in game coins from enemies) to get stuff you can equip & there's some new thing that makes you more "intimate" with other characters in your party although I'm not sure what happens when you max this out yet.  Only thing I miss is getting the "marks" of repeat heroes so you can level up your exusting characters but it seems you can just level up anyway by playing long enough. I do also like the fact you can now "sell off" crappier/ lower level guys for in game coins that you can "spend" for stuff like prisons
kevin sayers : Fun game, terrible tutorial.  No where do they tell you about the CP, attack, health, and how you should put together a team utilizing these different stats.   EDIT: the new update made the game terrible.  They​ took a neat leveling system and it is now awful.  They also made it so you only get one rescue at a time instead of the normal 4.  Bye bye...
A Google user : Good concept with lacking elements to it. I found myself grow bored after the first 30 mins and the controls seemed restricting. A good base to build up on.
Donnie Brasko : This game extremely needs​ rpg element's, like character customisation with different items (not only stylized hat's). That would be awesome.
ahmad rilwanu : Best game ever!!!,but can you guys please make the weapon changing system,and also the clothes too olease make it happen we can draw weapon from gacha or from anything:)
talsapps : The last update was horrible... all the upgrade points that we've gathered are gone, what were you guys thinking?
Stefano Caridi : Level 3-6 is broken. I can't use the portal. Please fix
David Lewis : If you beg me for a rating, you get 1 star.
Babar Anggoro : Simple graphic, gameplay and control. Interesting game to play. Worth to try. Thank you creator
Dustin Kottke : later levels become very difficult to beat even if you deal with the puzzles perfectly p2w garbage.
Sal The 21st : The new free rewards is so bad.... before it was 4 prisons now its only 1....
Mary Lago : I downloaded and it kept crashing
PointGaming Online : Make a blue bros for my brother make it the same but with  a vilage icon so you can make a vilage
anand nicolai : Amazing game. Absolutely loved the controls, battles and graphics!
Arestina Kelly : It won't let me play
Georgios Parafentis : Great, fun, easy to play. Ome the very best I have played so far
Akhil Sharma : don't even open after installed
A Google user : It sure is fun to play but challenging to master. Just like the advertisement.
Ika Prasetio : Love the graphic! Very smooth control and overall clever design.
Guy Winder : Great game, cool retro graphics and really easy controls
Jan! : I WANT RED
vijay varadharaj : பெஸ்ட்!!
Crusader W. : Sth nee. Like it.
William Sellars : Fun game with controls that work well on mobile!
Mr Felix : Its amusing.
Gavin Herrington : It really fun
Jason Mcvicar : Simple to understand, fun to play!
Janus : awesome game, simple and fun!
Manuera Tukaki : This game deserve 5 stars
Feed Bunnies : Solid game really worth playing
Hussein Jimmy : Good game, nice controls.
Sweta Sen : New addicton....
Cain Heath : Awesome time killer!
Erick Deeton Sr. : This game is so cool
361p : Omg best game ever
Chris Teo : great than all comments
Jonathon Reeve : Tis a great game
Sarbajit's Staff : Awesome game for timepass
Goat Bro's : Best game in the world
RyanRavage : Good game play
christian shaw : It is fun.
Mr Tumnus : Gud
Iqbal Edzaad : Dope
MrKevinseto : FUnnnnn
Ozhor Dhara : man
J K : ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
Osaid Arif : Great game🖒
Björn Nilsson : Fun!
14McKiernanS : Love it!
nancy manurung : Awesome !
Lewis Tudor : Awesome!!
Mathew James : Fun game
Noah Frey : Fun and addictive
Jayson Webb : Great done
jc S : good game
Marcus Legere : It cool
Benny Lafell : Good meme
Crusty NOOB : Very fun
Joelin Chai : Not bad
Sounak Mallik : Gr8 game
Good King Snufflepaws : Nice and fun
Average Youtuber : Fun to play
ANOOP D.V. : Amazing
bunny lover101\Kendalgammage : Awesome
Rich Xiong : Good
Alex Tam : Fun
Family Young : Loved it
Omkar Nimase : Good
Ziggy HFX : Fun
Earl Chin : Awesome
Huzaifa Dholkawala : Very cute, but things are really small, a bit of close up at times would be great
Eric Gromme : Really fun and different. A nice change from all the mobile "build your city" games.
adam enders : I really like the game but the only think I hate is when games only give us a certain amount of life's please change
Liam Hubbard : This game is really a lot of fun, i love trying to get full stars on all the stages and some of them are pretty challenging, good work playhard.lab
beFizzy : I think its pretty fun and no stamina bar if you do a dungeon
Anon Based : Crashes every time it loads to 71%
irm Sav : Simple but addicting
Ashwani Choubey : Nice game to enjoy and pass time
Jonnas Factora : Very addictive and certainly a good game
KAJE : Its really fun
Tracy M : :)
That Guy : Pretty fun
Brian Rehus : Ya good
Jessica Tavi : I was surprised how much I really love this game. The update has added a bit of confusion but I think it's to keep u guessing. Plus I like it better not having to collect repeats, instead you can exchange them for money that u can use for hats. Plus, the best part of getting mon eery instead is it makes it WAY easier to save up for the better prisons.  It's also hard to get any decent hats but it happens!!
Giorgos Koukoubagia : At first I thought it was a great game. Now that I see the devs improving it, it is getting even more awesome! Everyone should try it. It is not pay to win too.
Theeranont Chucharnchai : Very fun and creative game play. I love it.
thats guys : One of the funest  games I've played in a while
André Pinheiro : Fun and appealing. Nice mechanics
Insanity 576 : It's amazing but can you add customization to the camp
Kevin Bartels : Liked old version. Uninstalled after update.
Byron Torres : Its  a quick  fun and addicting game
Jacqueline Hyewon Choi : Really good!
Alma Houston : So awesome😎
martyn adams : Great fun
Johan Endra : Good
Rohit Rajendran : The game was great until the new update limited the amount of free champs you can store (from 4 to 1) and entirely changed the levelling hero system (it was fine before why completely remove it and replace it with giving gokd instead?) .  The game was great but ruined by this greedy update.
Allyson C : Hero leveling system completely changed after this update, and without any warning. It was a fun game while it lasted, but this experience has left a bad impression unfortunately.
Joel : This game is so fun. It's a time waster, but it is worth it.
Paul Freeman : Easy game to pick up and play in short bursts to kill time
Derek Hunter : Different in a good way
J Himmell : New update wiped out all of my saved marks, increased the hero levels per player level (probably good, but makes all my existing heroes useless - so i have to rebuild without higher money from completing new levels), and changes the strong cage to only return 1 person (what is the point of that?). Not sure this is all bad for a new player, but sucks for anyone that already had a game started. I regret having spent money on the remove ads as i have no motivation to continue the current game.
weiloon guok : I prefer the older version where I can get 4 free heroes instead of 1. Now I only get 1 hero when I rescue a prison using gold. Even the prison that requires gem also reduces the heroes I get. I prefer the old version where I can upgrade my heroes by using the heroes in possession. It's great overall especially the part where we  check on our heroes atk and hp and stats. The dungeon also provides a longer gameplay. It's just too few heroes to get from prison now.
Daniel Stone : A one finger adventure that seems really polished.
a : Very smooth and amazing in every way possible
JE B.C. : Great game! Entertainig for so long!  Just dont know what some features are like the marks for upgrade and what is cp? How to see hp? What is advantage of 1 type of character over the other?  Maybe there is some help feature in game that I cant seem to find though. Otherwise that would be helpful. Thanks :)
Heezcawld Thenamelessone : Perfect. Satisfies a certain itch. I love this game, even the silly ways you can lose characters. Don't know why but I get a 'Time Bandits' (a movie from the early 80s) kinda vibe from this game. Stick with this formula and make a shooter next time around that'd be great
Mike Romero : This game is not good...... It's BEYOND GREAT!!! it's like Zelda with a Pirates twist. The controls are easy and fun to use. The concept keeps the player wanting to see and do more. Can't wait to see where this game will go in the future. Great game guys. Keep up the good work.
Alexandros Kouridakis : Overall, the game is great. The world is simple, yet perfect for the nature of the game. The same applies for the enemies. The concept of the game is really unique, and I love the way the game always manages to pose a challenge, without getting frustrating. However I have two complaints to make: One, the controls feel quite clunky, especially when it comes to double-tapping, which is not precise at all. And secondly, I have noticed that, many times, the game timer just freezes when I close the app, which means that lives and prisons do not regenerate. I would appreciate if those issues got fixed. EDIT: Giving credit where credit is due, I have to say the Redbros support team does its job very well!
Aron Holmberg : A way to cancel skills would be nice!  Quite a few "bugs" or just weird behaviour. Especially when it comes to clicking, sometimes they seem to move the exact opposite way. Seems like it happens if you click outside of their moveable area, like behind a wall. I would think it's obvious I want to move in that direction.
Doge egoD : i cant play this game keep black screen and stop working (lenovo a-7000,android ver 6.0 mashmello) ill rate 5 stars if i can play ;)    edit 5/20/2017 Atleast I can play. Here u go 5 stars ;)
Brennan Smith : It just...works! Everything about this game world, from the music to the classes to the rankings to the level designs. It's challenging but not frustrating, quick to learn but hard to master, and even the funny little traps make me laugh, not rage (but curse you, spiked walls!). All in all a solid game with much potential...  One suggestion, add more of a storyline...?   Amazing job.
JRome : I wasn't expecting this game to be as good as it is. Simple controls and stellar gameplay make this one of the most fun games I've played in a while.
martin bentley : Dungeons of dangerous foes good game play lots to do.movement is better than trying to get to grips with joystick or toggle stick.great game
Aaron Darrell-Edwardes : The app keeps disengaging from game playing resets back to phone home screen other apps and games don't do it please fix this bug thanks great game but needs improvements
Anish Karthik : Lost all my saved progress after update....I've made many achievements through game .. but still not able to get back where I left
Kevin Perry : Fun game, great graphics. Just needs some help and description of what things are. (CP, HP, ATK, etc.)
Adityà Kumàr : I m stuck in 2nd chapter level one plz guide me any one,I can't go any further 😥
Noel Torres : Fun game. 4 stars! But how do I upgrade my troops? Keeps asking for "mark 1" version of whoever. Help!
Howitzer XO : Controls just a bit touchy but I love the game and concept awesome job
T. Alex Davis : Great dungeon gameplay, original and intuitive controls, smooth progression, no need to spend $ unless you want to.  Had a bug issue and the devs were great to work with!
EdPC Chattan : Great RPG + Tactical game.  If not the best so far.
Efre mendez : Recockulous difficulty spike, can only watch one video for free character per cool down instead of a few characters per cooldown.
Jaleesa Williams : Just downloaded and can't stop playing
BiggB 40488 : Its pretty good i love the little guys! If you make a button so you can just control 1 guy at a time id give it 5 stars
The Shocker 2017 : Wow if there was a little update that you could make that brings the people you save then this will be probably my most favorite game! :D
Dr.Debrup Sadhukhan : I am a hardcore gamer and i like playing on my ps vita but this game again brought me to android games.......the most unique game i had ever played.......awesome
Robert Diana : Overall a really good game with good controls. I like that while being difficult at times it is still doable
G C : Thank you dev for helping me with the black screen problem, here's your 5 stars!
Nirbishkumar Nirbishkumar : Awesome game really loved it I was searching a game like "freedom fighters"@pc, but dhs s awesome to android ....really good timepass
Rad Panopio : Good game. Enough to kill time and be addict!
Claudio Gonzalez : Really addicting! Makes killing time a blast!
Tannon Held : Very addictive, could use more tutorial on the controls of the heros. Otherwise fun
Abidur Rahman : Let's just say this is one of the few games I don't mind waiting for the lives to refill.
Moses Lazaro : It's really great and fun just have trouble getting some of the characters to move at once.
Abhishek Shah : Tooooo Gud !!!!!!!!   Game is nice. Handling is pretty good. This is by far one of the best games I have in my device. Amazingly cute and splendid fighting style
Marcos García : Very funny and easy to play. Sometimes it do not catch the taps and need to tap twice... but its ok
Graham Cole : I do love the contols but I hope they will expand the tactical options someday. Overall an amazing game.
Thomas : Great game! Just dive in, fun from the very beginning. Luckily there're still gems like this
springtrapgamer1212 _2 : This game is a amazing.Its simple but I still love it this is the best game I have played in s long time I just love it!
Kateralia : Good game, take a bit of skill to master. Wish there was more info on the stats of each character.
Vincent Chailley : Retro Et facile à prendre en main c'est super sympa !
James Berry : Very fun find it keeps my attention more then my others hope for more heros in the future.
ariel zabate cuizon : Cannot open at my lenovo a7000, android 5.
Martin Alder : All around great game! A fun, simple adventure that stays interesting.
JR Kuo : Overall the game is fun, but the controls are not good
Jeorg Carr : Pretty fun game, very different from typical gacha games, feels like a real game.
Ethan Armendariz : I can't really split them up
Lee Downie : It's fun and easy. Great time waster
Red power anims anims : This is fun and funny monsters :D
Pablo Poliserpi : Its an okay game. Definitely doesnt deserve the 4.8 rating it has
Billy Anthony : Solid 5 star games with good graphics, smooth and original gameplay!
Vignesh Shasti : Waste of time and net
S Tan : Makes stupid notifications
Derek Hill : Takes me back to Zelda with a DS vibe. Enjoying it so far
lucas hansen : Is pretty good so far, hopefully keeps its momentum
iron : Its a wast of time
Butch Mills : Stupid game!
Ferdy Saputra : So far, its ok
aman kataria : one of the best games available right now !!
Eric Thompson : Fun game kind of a strategy game or puzzle I love it easy to control
Rafael Gonzalez : It's awsome  daily boneses would be a plus or a thought to add
Muhammad Abiyyu Dzaky : I like the concept
Daniel Molina : This is a great Game really, really good, is super funny, I love it
Kevin Wood : I play it at every place I go!! I would definitely recommend it...
Kjshaldj Dasldkhc : Amazing game. Reminds me very much of cannon fodder.
Chakshu Dhannawat : Great game  And also occupies less space
Zachary Heth : It's cute, easy, and very forgiving. It's a ton of fun :)
Tony S : Has potential.
José Sibrián : Nice and awesome single player game. Recommended
Latham Dewolfe : Awesome game easy to learn and fun to play
Troy Walsh : It's gud
John Auten : Awesome game, reminds me of Zelda.
Lê Long : Love this game so much haha.
Chetan Rao : Gr88 game     Best time buster
Shicon Wen : Incredibly fun gameplay and exceptional controls
Ravan Raj : superb....a must have the killer.with little brains
Muaz Ahmadi : Great new game strategy. Love it.
Mat M : Easy controls. Strangely addictive
Pal John Monte : Really awesome and simple. Love it
Cyril Chin : Nice game. You should try it.
John Hanyok : Original, challenging and fun!
D D : Good game, increase detail
Yossi : Fun and quick game play.
Melissa Eagan : So much fun to play!!!
Troy Smith : Fun, easy 2 play
Paul Skibinski : Love this game. Unique and addicting.
Andely君安Tan : I love the concept of this game... 😘
Gina Gallant : I love the design and everything about it
Yifan Tang : This game is so fun
Angus Darling : Wow great game love it
Henry Setiawan : Great game for passing time
Derry Panjiwirawan : best n simple game
Kaiser Neo : Very good and it is so addicting
A Google user : a very good  game for challanges
The Toxin460 : So cool what a great app
RC Making Tracks : Awesome, great fun. recommend...
Angela Hunt : Great game. Love it!!!
A Sintenie : Best RPG. Amazing
Bernard : Surely fun game.
Alvin Ikemori : So much fun
Joshua Ather : Nice so much
R. Colón : Sweet little game
wong daniel : This is game is good
Gamingwithtusi Mystery : Awesome traps!
Kyle Shepherd : Love it!!!!! HIGHLY ADDICTIVE
HOE Simon : So funny and cute
Alvin Dades : Unique gaming experience
Jonathan Hughes : Fun puzzle game
Ryan W : Try it. It's fun.
Aby Joy : Polichu
Ron Wu : Great game.
Gordon Bennett : Great time passer....
Jodi N : Fun and interesting
Tomasu Sheets : Pretty cool
jesse : Great!
A Google user : Addictive!!!
Praveen Nair : Love it!
Gerald Kellerbauer : Love it!!
david balon : Just.... Well.... I love it
A.R. Creations : Addictive!!
Mohan Raj : Optimise for  s8
Franklin Ovalles : Wicked fun
Marc Mayuyu : Fun Game
y dor : pretty good
Rudy Castillo Jr : simply addictive
Divyanshu Maithani : Love the concept
Edward Colon Hidalgo : Awesome game
A Google user : Nice game
S R : 5 stars
A WILL : Its fun
jared mays : Very addictive
Ralph Gutierrez : Fun and entertaining
Fernando Garcia : Fun
Wen Qin : Cute
Alex Jr : Cool
Зоран Кузмановић : Awesome
Dave Fankhauser : Love it
Maxi Sycek : Nice
Joseph moore : Fun
Scott Conger : Unique
Darryll Jake Manguba : Good
Lisa Brown : Awsome
Wyatt Nakazawa : Neat
Mark Ambeault : Fun
michelle ortiz : Awesome
Hoàng Nguyễn : Great
Jonathan Shih : Love it
Jeremy White : An amazing mix of retro and new school.  Easy to play but hard to master.  One thing that should be adjusted is....If I do a stage and complete 2 out of 3 stars I shouldn't have to get all 3 again I feel like we should just need to get the missing star.  Just one small idea.  Love the game it's a daily player for me now
Cody Knight : Awesome game, best I have on my phone! Can't wait to see what else you come out with. One small problem, maybe it's a glitch. Ch.2 lvl 6 it says to rescue 8 prisoners for a star, but the most you can't get is 6. Unless I'm missing sometging, but I've ran it 5 more times and can't seem to find more.
Kingslayer :3 idc why I got dis name : Lovely. Great graphics. Easy to control. I love how it's so strategic using different spells to your advantage such as Shield or Teleport. Great game overall, I couldn't rate gameplay 5 stars because if I do, it crashes. But this is a five STAR everything. Nice work HardPlay.Labs. I hope this inspires you (I wrote this to inspire you more and because me and my brother love Redbros).
Chrono XIII : I've just completed the first section can say that this is a very innovative and new game. The only problem I have found is that occasionally one coin won't be able to be picked up but it isn't very often and its a massive thing.
Das : This game has a very innovative and good concept that not all games might use and also that so many levels are there that u can technically play this game forever. So to the devs, keep up the good work and pump out hero classes and more levels, otherwise gg.
Kristian N : I've played the first chapter and the game looks great. Only problem so far is that there's not much of a challenge... Hopefully this will change as the game progresses.
Han Solo : Finally a game that takes advantage of the fact that smartphones' screens can respond interactively in response to multiple fingers input, not the usual one or two. Yes, multi-touch technology exists. Millions of dollars have been spent to develop it. But close to no developers really took advantage of that obvious potential usefulness...until PlayHard.Lab came up with the idea of exploiting this niche ;) It's very rare to find a game with some truly original ideas. They are too often just shameless copies of copies of copies. But Redbros brings something new to the store, finally. With a new kind of gameplay based on fingers slide and multi-touch. Levels are challenging and overall pretty well thought I have to say. Kill your enemies by wisely forming different positions/formations of your heroes, avoid traps by dividing your forces in multiple parts of the area, collect loots and upgrade your team. RedBros is a pretty good surprise so far :)
Patrick Juarez : Truly a game changer! I fell in love right away. Whatever your team is doing, they're doing it well!
Andrey Ibragimov : omg why no one can do games with THIS AWESOME GAMEPLAY???😃 I LOVE IT!!! If you will make more games like this, tell me.
Burak Bağdatlı : This is such a good mobile game. I highly recommend it. I wish the Facebook button wouldn't load Facebook all of a sudden, I wasn't expecting that but it's a minor thing. Download, install, play now. You won't regret it.
_Ducky _ : Had alot more fun then i anticipated however getting characters is a little slow like new starting ones besides that small speed bump great game
TYRON HENDRICKSE : I  can't use any spells, game doesn't let me drag them further than the bottom of the screen they get stuck so can't finish level 3, I have tried to drag and drop it doesn't work the spells get stuck at the bottom of the screen while dragging and drop there so it never gets to the point it's needed
Zulhilmi Reduan : Love the creator as his not greedy and this game ideas is awesome. Hope for more level coming up next and of course new troops too
G Scheliga : Fun blend of RPG party-building and action-based gameplay that makes good use of the mobile touchscreen interface. Would benefit from character customization (equipment, skills, etc.), but otherwise well done.
Prashant : Not working on LineageOS 14.1 (android 7.1.2), just shows a black screen.
Antti Koivunen : Good game just keep making new characters and levels and updating I recommend it to anyone who likes Zelda type of games
General LDB : I like the game i have a small phone it gets hard to some times move a large group around lol nothing wrong with the app though really did love it
Nori MANAR : Very fun game, the controls, really easy to use, are a little bit tricky when you are around trap, especially when you have a lot of soldiers, but that is what make traps traps
Joseph Wilson : Fantastic. I have put off downloading because it looked chibi, but it's awesome.
Moses Setiady : a very cute and addictive game! totally worth it! i only hope there are some easier methods for us to gain free diamonds. overall, this game is perfect!
Zen Mastiff : Updated review. This game is awesome! Well done. Have uninstalled others and this has become my go to time killer. A must have.
Gray Alston : Love the simplicity, would love to see more personality from each of the heroes! i.e, fun interactions between certain characters, etc
Kory Detwiler : It's working now, not too shabby of a game. Only played about 10 min though. Good job guys.
Brendonedwards83 : Loved the game till it wouldn't start up today for no reason.  Fix this and I'll change the review
Riley Gonzalez : You can really tell the developers took their time! I love it, would recommend to anybody.
aniket shah : One of the best games I've played in a while. Easy controls, fun challenges. Love it.
Rain Clouds : It's a really cute, fun and innovative game~ Glad there are so many levels too😇
Fernando Highwind : innovative puzzle type action game..maybe adding equipment to customize the heroes would make it even better
Pranav Gupta : It didn't open on my phone even after restarting my phone twice
Michael Ferrara : Super fun. Amazingly innovative puzzle play combined with dungeon crawler style and upgradeable characters.
Isagani Angelo Soriano : Maps were stolen from the game of ZELDA lol 👎
Kevin Fisher : I never rate games, but this is gold
Andy Johnson : This is a lot of fun. An original mobile game built for mobile controls. Reminds me a lot of BattleHeart.
John Antony : This is an awesome game. It really passes the time :) I loved the gameplay
DongXie Hong : Great fun and not a money grabber app, what morr do you want
Adham Fathi : It's a very interesting game i love it...time killer and not boring ✌
Avijit Karmakar : Gteat time ki llllllllllllllllll
Aaron Waldner : Good indie game. Good graphics and decent controls. Wish it had more depth.
Leonard Molin : Perfectly challenging and innovative touch gameplay with a combination of puzzle and action.
Chris B : Very good for a free game, keep up the good work!
vikas dhimmar : After a long time...a great game!!! Thnks
Riand Kharisma : Tactical and entertain..
James Tan : Nice casual game to play during trips.
Johann Suriaga : I cant play the game, its broken
BigBellyB : Very addictive!!! GREAT Game!!! Best I've seen in awhile on Android!!
Egor Ignatiev : Good game, like it. Time-killer
odd1s time : Its my new favorite game 🎮😎💥
Super Squid Man : Fun game with easy to use interface
dylan maxwell : It's a bit Zelda, a bit RTS, an a bit unique.
Shane Pruyne : Great fun!  Easy controls.
Daniel Spector : I like it
Julio Kezyanto : 2p nc
Jason Woody : Great time killer!
Dhas : Best game of the year!
Rhishabh Kumar : Good and easy command game
A Google user : Love it amazing and easy controls
Guillermo Winthorpe : Best 8 bitgame in the world
Trunipbob : Booooooooooooooooring!!
Angelique Ozban : Good graphics
A Google user : LIKE☺
Khalil Houssaini : Dope.
fariz ramli : Best game ever 😉
Trevor Vinyard : Great game!
Coco Tan : pretty fun！
Chris Collens : Love this indie game
Joseph Brown : Great concept and implementation
Ryuukichi Dragonknight : It lit fam
Ardi Sung : Simple and fun to play
Coach Daniel Morris : Best game of 2017
alan prado : Very fun game
Saad Manzur : Nice idea and execution
Dean Brown : OK
Amy Revell : Suckd
Xaviera Yayaell : Buggy
Fahreza Ramdan : Easy to use.
ARx SLAYER : Great!
Alex Rosado : Nice game
Richy Rahmilov : Fun and addicting
Nixon Johnson : Simply Awesome
Krishnaraj G : nice idea
JG Blaze : Gr8 m8
hibiki kaito : Great fun
Riff raff : Fun game
Brandon Janson : Pretty good
John Smith : Awesome game
Kevin Ngawi : Good game
Colin Pape : Really addictive
Raul Romero : Hella fun
Christina Vaughan : Awesome
Rizqiari Ikram : Good
Kris Gregotski : Nice
hexo dia : nice
Stephen Chandra : Awesome
Evan 33r : Awesome
Stephanie Walackas : Good
Jesse Sanchez : Cute
Krzysztof Gwóźdź : It doesn't start on Hueawei P9 Lite. After 2 seconds of black screen returns to menu.
Mael Cruz : This is so far the BEST game I have. The best part about this game is you can play anywhere even without internet!
Strox : Awesome but please add more bosses and arenas thanks
Andrew Curtis : Very good game. Good platform and controls. Definitely a new genre of gaming for phones coming.
Major Malfunction : Simple play style with nice graphics that keeps you glued.
jamer borat : nice game bro can you add more chapters and heroes  and other fts and keep nonstop updating this game
Calvin Bun : Please make pvp mode, such as race mode or last man standing. Nice game overall!
JumpingJuniior : Pretty good, if there's no multiplayer please try and make one
Mohammed Safyy : Awesome game that I have never seen ever
Blaze Playz27 : I can't play
Ed : Fun.Please add endless mode
Petar Z : Gud
humphrey bogarden : I didnt like the rubber band gaga, basically when u buy gacha jail cells at the start and get a bunch of characters their completely useless when u level up, the gaga power increases, it's rubber band ui power model, each level up you gain u need to start all over and build or buy new characters.  One this wasn't warned not explained, so I'm very unhappy, two it's immoral.  Keep the gacha consistent the same...
Yanling : Why do you need permission to make and manage calls????? I'm using Samsung Note 4 Update: okay thank you for the response. Will be glad to make a small donation towards whatever project you're working on.
devon stern : Cute and creative puts a good twist on the ragtag army leader idea as well not to mention easy controls a serious must for any mobile game
Maxx AraGaMi : Nice game. But if u put all heroes got thier own special skill, that will b more fun
3 Bags : Good game with good concept developer seems nice in reveiws
GoldyDaLion : Still not starts on startup.Probably because this phone has an intel chipset.
Mattia : Proper smartphone game. Makes excellent use of touch screen (not some crappy joypad).
Ian Woo : 한국인 개발자 분들이신거로 아는데 아주 잘만드셧네요! 대박나세요!^^
Matt Medeiros : Update: fixed Question for developer, what does CP stand for?
saiham salman : Please make this game more levels and chapter and give this games multiple
Bweyn : Most balanced game in the store, not to hard not to easy.
chris turri : Great new game. Well done devs.
Ben Levi : Cute and fast
Dave Steffan : Clever and enjoyable
Kevin Sargent : I was lucky enough to beta test this game before the launch. Awesome game and awesome developer. Always love to see game developers who are interested in player feedback and looking at how to improve thier games.  Update:  Yes, Trainer Rambo is one of my gamer tags. I'll see what I can think of and email you.
Sid Choudhuri : Fun hack and slash adventure game with simple controls, but why does it ask for permission to control the phone and make calls? This is a big red flag.  Thank you for replying.
Joel Sheffield : Solid game. No annoying pay walls.
Johnson Tsk : Wonderful touch controls
Fredrick Olshausen : Cool game, but seems pretty easy so far
M Ilham : Not sure
Errorcode X. : Puzzle combined with strategy. I love it.
Ignis Vulpes : I wanted to download this as soon as I saw a vid on it from Youtube. I'm so happy it finally came out. The characters are really cute and the dungeons remind me of The Legend of Zelda A Link to the Past. This is a great game for anyone and you should definitely try it out.
냐아 : When i saw this in youtube i wanted to do it so much!! I love it!^^
요정알동 : 기오찌
Melanie Seiberlich : I love it, but please fix the bugs. last level of 13 can't get to the 
secret places if your screen doesn't show them... or only a couple people 
go, then you have to sacrifice the rest to get there, and then your stuck. 
also the tunnels on a lot of levels, half your people go in, and it's a 
back and forth loop.
mike ohair : It's like they forget it's a touch screen game.  I deleted after stage 3 level 2.1.  On top of that the random item system random unit system and lack of control with so many units in the dungeons.  It's just a poor concept for the platform and made worse by lottery system.  Needs to figure out if they want rpg, puzzle or first person and focus it.  Also why not get items and people by playing instead of gambling.
Urnedis Ungas : Ive been looking for a game like this for a long time. Where you have troops with different classes and you make them fight in a chaos action war. Like final fantasy tactics only real time
Yash Gulati : Gameplay awesome. Loved the concept. Controls got annoying sometimes, i dunno how to make them better really. Got stuck on a level, killed the mood to play more. Will be back for more later. Till then adios!
A Google user : Uninstaller as  soon as I saw the coins / gems up top. So tired of games designed around pay2win
Penpen Vader : I absolutely LOVE this game!!! The characters were cute and even my secret 
pet! The only problem that I've encountered were the controls since it was 
acting up a bit but the overall amazingness of the game covers it
Tystick Gaming : I haven't played this yet but the reviews are the best I seen in a while you almost replie to every comment even the bad ones trying to figure out how to make your game even better than it is.  Keep up the good work!!!!
dale jorillo : Had a lot of fun playing this game. The trap parts lets you think of other possibilities to defeat the opponents. This game is a must try.
A Google user : Nice Game PlayHard! Im looking foward to have multiplayer and dailies reward! Multiplayer : A Random map that one player control 2 Heroes only.. The multiplayer game can only 5 person meaning 10 Heroes maximum in the game.. Keep up the Goodwork PlayHard.Lab
Huck Trail : Very lame. There's no description of the items. The control is just terrible add a joystick and it might be better
Rafael Carrera : I always enjoy coming across a fun game that is different from the masses. Only tech problem I experienced was my units realigning different than how I swiped.
Francesco Perego : A wonderful game ruined by a stupid energy system. Just let the f**** 
players enjoy your game and add a premium via iap!
Jesús : Really annoying tutorial. The game is fun but ive unnistalled it.
FusionPlayz -Minecraft pe : Very well prepared ands its more fun.  I have been finding a game.  Because all games are boring but this one is great
suman ghosh : Great game but 1 problem..its seems that ive caught a bug where i cannot 
see of my men's troops faces and enemy faces ...so plz solved it:)
Tomer Honen : Bloated with ads, some launch without warning, right after you've already watched an ad. Gameplay is alright but the whole experience leaves a bad taste.
Pachuau Thinchhia : Tooooo bad app. I download so many times but when i gonna play they olways kick me out . This not is ma game.
Sahil Pitale : Annoying coin sound and forceful tutorial which you can't skip or click through made me uninstall this game.
A Google user : Daily rewards doesn't seem to be working fine. It shows added 120 gems, but ~80 are shown and actually added. Please fix this.
Last Hope : Was ok for a little while till they restricted the option to watch videos for prison breaks, gold and exp boosts.
NILESH SHARMA : Bhavya SHARMA THE BEST OF THE CROWN ESTATE IS THERE ANY OTHER USE OF THIS MESSAGE WILL BE IN TOUCH WITH YOU. I HAVE A LOOK AT THE O2 ARENA. I HAVE A LOOK AT THE O2 ARENA. I HAVE A LOOK AT THE O2 ARENA. I HAVE A LOOK AT THE O2 ARENA. THE MAY, AT THIS STAGE, BUT I THINK THE BEST OF LUCK FOR THERE FIRST,
Ilya Petrov : Tutorial stages made me question whether I have down syndrome or not...  This app is not my cup of tea I suppose
dedek rayyan : i like when its goin challenging cuz its make me more thinkin of how to survive from this place to the other places and its awesome that have a tiny people in there,they always looks so cute💘
xxDESENTxx : I can't even play it. I boot it up and it stays on a blank white screen. I re-uninstalled & restarted my tablet. Same problem. I wanna play it tho!!!
Anthony Nichols : Timers suck. This game is probably worth $5. But it's filled with timers and micro transactions making it not worth playing.
Lisa Samuels : I hate it be cause every time I play is or download it does dot work!!!z :-\ hateeeee!!! :-[:'(
XanthraX : Really good game...i downloaded and played it for 6 hrs straight (hadn't played before) i say again... massively addictive game...Two thumbs up..
Highpoint Lanky : Hated the game, deleted it, now after I uninstalled it, it started tweeting from my account. Don't bother
David : It's invasive. Pay to win. Lots of adverts and offline notifications even when you're not playing.
Soon : My account is gone... after I click the clear date button. They should have a better save system
Chandan Kumar : Hugger to go through my mind if it doesn't work then we are looking at this is not working in this thread for you are in town on Monday at all of them and Friday and Friday at all and it will send it is very easy as you have received an issue I can you give us some days facebook to do the work for us on our end the best time I will try the best time of reading it has taken to get this message in a different than you for a couple weeks of this communication and interpersonal to go with you in person in your area
Caroline Pollard : Downloaded it on android tablet and it never worked!Reinstalled 5times.Still didn't work.
Yash Ferwani : The game doesn't work its loading gets stuck at 69% 😠😤
Budi Wibowo : The premise is good, but it fell short for me. Control is easy but hard to master. Overall, it's average to me.
Akicia Avila : It looked boring but i decided to install it and now i play it everyday
Dark V1rus_exe : Way too laggey! Don't get unless your looking for lag!
Sidhant Varshney : The thing is after certain level you'll start to feel bore and would uninstall it.The gameplay was unique no doubt about it.
DD Unlimited : I don't know why you give 2 or 3 stars .
ZzMrXzZ : Don't download this game, it's unsafe. It required permission to my Google account and it made supspicious activities which had me change my Google password.
Aiden Moore : It wouldn't even download but it sounds fun
Dhani _Lx : This game is good but its hard and I really liked it thank you the guy play hard make this game because I loved it all of them thank you so much
Wolves Hunter : Dude like the storyline is awesome no ads only 55mb and awesome graphics and the controls too!In addition to the game play it's awesome
Kevin Irebaria : Everything is nice but can you please add a setting that you can change the movement controls to joystick?.Please that would really help for me.Thanks!
Zayreigh Bongsalo : I rate it 5 star because the game is challenging me its good im only waiting for updates thats it. GOOD GAME
Jayne Atienza : This game is awesome i really love playing it all the time and it has a great improvement thanks for the developers for creating such a great game. I definitely recommend this game.
Zander Geminiano : Sool glitchy makes my phone lag
Luis Torregosa : Please Add Achievements To save data progress Or sync And please Add more heroes Or Update More.
Max Eldesoky : the game can't work on my phone
damien : Boring game,no strategy needed
mona hussain : I just can't believe this game hasn't already hit the top charts!
ilia dimo : You're telling me i can play a game that i would usually pay for free? Heck yeah its fun and i recommend it
Subhranil Saha : Very bad.... It does runs on my mobile.... Glitched
juju huhu : fun time wasting game so far
Sandhya chaurasia : The game hangs too much
wat lol : its cool and all of its things is the lag pls give a bug fix please in the next update
Daniel Kuster : Ugh, another pay to win game...
Redafred : I stop playing this game at stage 17-2 (its hard)
A Google user : This game awesome good time killer but one think can you put an arena mode 
in it plz
A Google user : hate only becauseitisavirrursed   game and duffer game is this
arun antony : Good game... Will get bored after few days
michael mcgrath : Couldn't even get past the tutorial, tried 20 times to draw a straight line.
Qwerty Keys : I would wish yu guys add more wepons like myskets or flintlock pistols
Luka Kelly : It did not work :- (
zzz zzz : Ummm im downloading it and I hope there is multiplayer pls pls I want to play with my brother.
cHiLl AsTrOnAuT : Best game ever, I could played this for days!, great AI units and very fun action.
Aaditi Adhikari : Doesn't work in my phone 😩😩
Miguel Sandoval : This game is outstanding!interesting graphics and just great gameplay overall. Thank you for whoever made this game
Rakeen Ashraff : Lol the game makers are stressed by our comments.Any way the game is amazing nothing like I have ever played.
Justin Gonzales : I like the game.. But the phone compatibility makes me rate it to 2.. Please make it compatible to 4.2.
Best Game Play Best Game Play : Top Number 1 This Games Are Awesome My Friend's Also Play This Games Please Download And Play
Mo Tibbs : Game is okay. Was fun in the beginning and then got dumb hard.
rad stf : Just a black screen :(
Justine Monleon : Is there a multiplayer which my friends can connect via wifi hotspot?
TECHNICAL Hack life : I think it is a cool game and it cross the 10 million download easily Very cool game Thanks bro Keep it up
Saurabh Prajapati : This game is too good but it suddenly stops in my acer liquid z530
Angel prince : Need darkprince from clash royale
Victor Uz : Boring after 15 minutes
A Google user : It is not good game
Prakhar Gurawa : It's a game for kids,  they could have made there controlling better to make this game unique
Nipun Gupta : 1 star because of the time you have applied to start the game.
Eldson Nicholas : Still not working on android 7.0, Showing blackscreen. Please Fix it
Mohan Teja Reddy : Keep PvP feature like a war it will be great then
Franco Playz : Really cool controls. You deserve a bid fat 5 star from me :D
Monkey D Luffy : Yeah it's fun in the game I will upload it's gameplay on YouTube checkout my channel crossfire
Emma Henderson : I THINK THIS SHOULD BE ONE OF THE TOP 5 BEST GAMES
Marko Kaznovac : Gets repetitive very fast
Stefan van Rooyen : I have very much enjoyed this it's a awesome game keep up the good work
Faisal Aziz : Stunning graphics...a difficult game control though, but a great game..
ali lotfiyan : Not good enough...!=)
Mosulini Buenvenida : The setting of the game is like legend of zelda
Peter Bayu Hendrawan : main game ini sampe lupa waktu
A Google user : Best offline game ever! How did anyone ever get this idea? Beautiful game.
Invalid Name : You can place your herou
A Google user : PUTANG INA MELS ang gands
Noah Bullock : De gam iz no gud
Lilttle Punk : Multiplayer but offline and online both
Steffanus Hendrawan : wow maps look like zelda
Daniel Kiss : It sucks uses too much space and I can't even download it
dharmender kumar : I don't want to say anything
Đức Hiếu : i cant even access the game!!
Shabana Sediqi : هز۶رخر۷ل۷ل۷
Khalèd : I am loving this game. It's so awesome. Great game. Keep it up guys. 👍
Arav Lalsare : It is very good but our people die very fast even when upgraded
Xaverius Stradivari : Yea thxx for the game man
Cyius Sandoval : Raiders suck 49ers rock
Dody Hushant : Really ffantttasti CC gammee
Mansi : Itbrba not can GAM
Luke Montecillo : When I see this game my mine was blownnnnn!!!!!!!!!!
Deepa Anil Kumar : Soooooooo bad q
M Z : You gotta be pixel perfect if you wanna win. Also pay to win.
A Google user : Can you add some bosses too, overall its great
Anil Sharma : 🚌💨💨💨🏃😂 Missed a bus!
Doli Debnath : Pocha na haga na haga haga hatrick
A Google user : Loot crate microtransactions... Nope
Jasmin Pauig : Please more stage.. The game is super fantastic.. And super smooth.. I Love This game..
David 4253 : Now this is what I call 'a game'  😊😉
A Google user : Best Game Ever  This game is a great time killer..!
Siddhartha chy : Its amazing to play but level are harder , keep it simple
syifa ben : Error code -18
Deepak Garg : The game is really Very good. Worthy of 5 stars
A Google user : It is the best game I have ever played before😇
Ranjana Sharma : Plz download this game plz and enjoy this game is amazing.   and fantastic and adventures
A Google user : Killing is fun *creepy smile*hahaha
Mike Arnold : Haven't even finished downloading and I already love it
soviet sheep : Loved it wanna rape the creators
CHAMARAJESHWARA M.N : awesome game loveeeeeed it...Really developers made an exceptional job....Wow.super.....Really loving...
E Graves : Its like zelda. 😎
MANOJ KUMAR Ram : Tere goan mein
A Google user : I like this gane
vahido shabani : Kiss me baby
manjusha unnikrishnan : How to add warrior
Godlygalligan : Plz respond to meh
knowledge friend : Ghanta game hai
hunain rehan : I like games
Travis Ziolkowski : Buttholio for das portfolio!... 😜
A Google user : Wow!!!
Pandit Rathod : This is the best game ever .and it must be the favorite for all
伝説Densetsu274 : The last time i found a game this good was never.
Yahiko Pain : Can't play it crashes everytime I open the app
Ayush vaish : Very nice game good graphics enjoyed playing.
A Google user : Simple and effective, the way mobile games should be!
Mahalingam Sabesh : Boss game! Newest I've seen of its kind!
Ármin Kovács : Controls are a bit hard but thats what makes it interesting
Andreas Batuadji : Chrisnabatuadji@gmail
Adithiyan adi : Nice But  Borring
Romena Ahamed : Good . but not much good
A Google user : 😍 super game
Moeez Raza : LIKED THAT.KEEP MAKING THESE TYPE OF GAMES
David Wasinski : Won't load
Brownbuddy : It won't let me play it Horrible Horrible
Abhinav Tripathi : Cool game for passing time. Loved it!
Marc Panaglima : Wow The Best Game Of 2017
NR Biotech Industries Sdn. Bhd. : It so good give 5 stars
Slim Ojay : It reminds me of zelda i just love it
iwouldbestillcalledlevifuwouldcallmelevlel : Noice                                                       i mean its a good game tho
Md Anytu : HI. Onthu
A Google user : it's quite buggy but overall it's cool
Awsaf Sharif : Wow great game keep it up!  👍
A Google user : Nc game.
ritu jhingta : Coooooooool game . Perfect gameplay and graphics
Vaishali : It's OK
GO5 mcpe : Pls make more update am so love this game!!!!!!
Ne Aj : I love the game it's pretty cool
A Google user : It's good 😁😀😀😂😄😴😦😨😕😬😈😈😂👍👜👞💄🔰🔰🎂🎈🎆🎇🎉🎊🎋🎍📤📨📩
A Google user : Me & my bro liked it so much
r0wa : First of its kind. Refreshing!
himanga das : Good  game for me and my son
Nick Y : This is one great game Boi
A Google user : THIS GAME IS VERY BEST
Niv Alcazaren : It is the most AWESOME APP EVER
MSIT GigattiBoxz : I like this game guys this is awesome
A Google user : You can create more level
Vilma Bagaviciute : It mite be the 2nd best game
Wynz Carl Chua : This game is incredible I like it
A Google user : Fitghting games i love so much
Ronit Kharva : Funny game
A Google user : Πολυ καλο
Mng MngMng : Funny gama
Nay Lin : Dragon tattoo
A Google user : Gud game
yamato korusawa : Like game
A Google user : I like it
A Google user : Supeerrrrr games
Lynn Goldsmith : Was  DuM
A Google user : Super game
A Google user : Gandu game
Amir ata Mardani : Not opening
TunMyint Kyaw : Co C
Theone Rivera : this gamenis amezing
A Google user : I like it
Bijoymia Bijoymia : Bijoy king
Nabeelkazi Kazi : Only I
Luxks920 YT : It is ok
vigneshcs chitharanjanselvamony : Controls  are super
ajita saxena : Good fame excellent control and excellent graphic
Aashik Thomas : Easy to control, hard to master
william baxter : Worth a play .good work guys.
nathan garners life is horrible with cat : Awesome I'm on chapter 2
Jagan mohan rao : It's a nice game to play
A Google user : It is a very nice app .
ganesh komsa : additive ✌
A Google user : This game is so fun
A Google user : It is great time killer
Joanne Namulunga : Its truly a time killer
saran B : Good game for time pass
A Google user : This is best game of 2016
Dim Creation : This games is very nice
A Google user : this game is the best PLAY NOW!!!!
Falea Maisarah : This game is the best 💜.
ANoob Beach : Meow 😦
Josilin T : It's easy to play
A Google user : 10/10
A Google user : very good!
Nashlee Caro : Best game!
Ridwwxx Tanccc : Amazing and epic!
Rj Morillo : This is a good game!!!!!
Harshit Inderwani : This is gooooooooooood game
Ankit Rawatt : Great  I love it
A Google user : I love this game
pram salim : Fun dungeon game
ZaidanSuper 03 : Awesome game best
Mahimi Abdullah : Good i loved the game
Mihai Novac : This is a amazing game
TECH DAILY : Very good game
Troy Smith : I love this game
Gallium Dunbar : Realy fun game
Dharmendra Kumar Maurya : Plz remove life
Jason Kendall : Awesome so far
Gaming baba : I loved this
stormken muffin : Just good Ok
Pro Gamer FBB : They are good game
Putri Fareeda : Best graphic and heroes
Jiam 4664 : like it reallly cool
Jaheim Gause : Best rpg ever
Unnati Mehrotra : A good game
Aven tix : Amazing get it
Dusty Peck : this game is the best  game made
noob yeet : Goob
berdene -.- : wendel
Robert Sneed : Poooopooooooooooo
Subhaan A. : Da
Wolfe3g gamer : KRAK
Tahmid Zarif Ul Hoq Sayor : 500p
Hassan Hassan : Back in
RASEL INTERNATIONAL INC. : Baa
Nithish Ar : Mokka
A Google user : Ilovethis
Varain XIV : Gvv
Marc Lawrence Sarmiento : Hahha
Sandeep Pujari : Super
Aditya Tepe : Fuuuun
A Google user : Super
Jagdish Acharay : Super
Wangdu Hyolmo : Ykm
Allyson Mora : Like it
A Google user : باحاله
r k : Jio
Mah P : عالی
Seenivasan M : Moca
20M091 K.M.shahul hameed : Super
Mohammad fadzli : Ok
Deka Ahmad : Dog
Digvijay Sandhu : Vikas
INHABITOR GAMER : Larreni
Poonam Singh : Shlok
A Google user : خخخ
Vijai Balroop : Nah
Sheena Grace Tigle : Wow
A Google user : Sowbyutifool
WawanX Lale : Sampah
Paul Lavie : Bla
JHONBERT MARIÑO : ok
purush m : It's interesting
Praveen Naik : Looking good.
Brain Tech : V. Good game
A Google user : I love  it's
Afaque haider : Nice game.
Brick Roll : It's cool
A Google user : It's fun
Willie Foster III : 🔥🔥🔥
João Rodrigues : Great!
Victor Ortiz : Loved it!
Harshit Kalra : Loved it but..........          Nothing!
vishnu prasad : amazing game
G44Yash : Good app
A Google user : Nice game
fhxcoc XE : Good game
A Google user : I love it
IRJ83 IRJ83 : Great game
A Google user : Love this Game
Navesh Gaonkar : GOOD UZZO
A Google user : Good game
A Google user : Good game
Miyuki Hayasaki : Awesome game
Ryan Christanto : Fun and Addicting
Carl Venus Labay : Its good
Jesrell James Cañaveral : Awsome game
reza dehghani : Good game
A Google user : Very good
Yami : Nice game
Skyler Skyler Divalentino : so cool
Ammar : Good job
Ashwini Mulik : Nice game
Starshine : Nice game
A Google user : nice game
Vinole kiore : Nice game
Harshil singhal : Great game
Thomas quien : Good job
Ray Cas : Its nice
Snehal Narvekar : Nice game
Sajid Ehsab : The Best
Pavle Timotijevic : Best Game
A Google user : I love it
A Google user : Very good
