Prashant Sagar : Funny, Superb & Amazing. Graphics is well thought of and designed. Sound is also good. Characters are very good with amazing expressions. Game also has a good storyline.
krishna singh : This is awesome game till now, no other games have such amazing graphics and sound quality from my point of view
Balqis Shazwina : Nice game. I love this game but sometimes it have server issues, i hope you guys can fix it
Nishath Abeymanna : Amazing graphics and very fun controls I love the flying controls and every thing. But the only ploblem is repeative gameplay After we finish the game ones we will be reborn without our levels or our wings.There isn't much to after you explored all the maps. But it's still worth it to download it and check it out. This is one of my feavorit games.
Delmar Roberts : This mobile game is absolutely Epic especially if you have good headphones. Completely superior to your average mobile game.
Sylvia Kunwar : This is a Amazing game. It's so peaceful and you make friends. You get to unlock places. And you have a mission. My dream was to fly and guess what. They ALOWWED us to fly. Best game ever!! In this game there is magical friendly world waiting for you. It's really Excellent for me. I think whoever made this game deserve a Huge clap 👏
Questing Beast : Such a relaxing game. The controls, graphics, music / sound effects, it's all so beautifully and thoughtfully made. I love it.
dingus man : Amazing game. One of my favorite mechanics is the friend naming system, you can name friends by nicknames. This game reminds me of journey on the PS4. It looks amazing and proves adventuregames don't need to have fighting or combat mechanics to be good. I know this is a small indie team, but it does have potential to be a huge game, it's very unique.
Tenea Marise : Edit: Very difficult to control on mobile. I would like the controls to respond better. (Faster and more accurate like consol games). Favorite mobile game, and I get bored very easily. It's full of easter eggs so it keep you always discovering something new. They add on LOTS. it's also minimalistic enough to wind down and relax unlike ESO that can be a bit overwhelming 😅
Mosiow M : A very good game to relax with cool graphics and good communication. But it has so many buggs. You can't jokn your friends so often or you suddenly get splited to another server.
Prajkkta Varhade : Firstly I loved this game but now I changed my mind... Everything is so much costly.... Previous season's stuff was too good but new Android user can get that from traveling spirit which is way too costly again and you can not get privious ultimate gifts... Game is lovely but so much time consuming... Updates 😭😭😭
Summary Art : I love this game. The players are super nice and help you whent you need help. Getting clothing is kinda hard but it's fine. Also theres seasons that bring new characters if you get bored. I really recommend this
Orioque Merrylou : Ilove this game because I meet friends in different countries and actually this is my stress relief the sound the surrounding is beautiful ❤️
Emilio Youmans : Amazing game! If you enjoyed Journey by TGC, you will adore this game. I've spent over 350 hours on it since it released for Android.
Lexi Durham : This app is very beautiful.Sky has amazing graphics and features!I have made a lot of friends on this game.I recommend you play this game:)
White Bird : My first online game 🎮 and will always be the best one for me. Everything is just so wholesome. This is literally the perfect game where I can unwind to escape from my problems. The graphics are beautiful and it never seize to amaze me every time a new event or season comes. Though it is inevitable for some problems to occur in the game but nevertheless, it's perfect for me. This is truly a masterpiece out of love and hardwork. 🌻🌻🌻
Ursine : The best stress relief game. Background music is addictive. Easy to control. Not so hard to earn cosmetics. But camera is real issue. Greetings from 🇲🇳.
Random_ People : This game is good! The graphics are awesome and I meet a nice friend, and together we found spirit in there. But I want a request, maybe if you can add daily login? There is 1-5 candles or 1-5 hearts, maybe the daily login can be free for everyone, or maybe purchase for the daily login it's ok I guess.. but I love this game so much! Thank you helping me finding a nice friend 😤❤️ -Random_People
LAZLO : Graphics are great the community is great not really anything that limits you from exploring the world no ads just wholesome moments with friends . Very recommended!
Anna Perez : Game is awesome but sometimes I get bugs I have so many friends I almost got to the end if you play the game good luck! 😅
Ash Fenyx : Gorgeous game, but controls are way too sensitive, also can only see things in the distance half the time. Definitely better on the Switch
Demondteen : This game is fun but the constant censoring or incorrectly red censoring words is annoying and the constant disconnections when events happen is frustrating or getting split from my friends for no reason stinks and the level of lag and crashes on my phone I use to be able to play it on honestly ruins my experience and enjoyment of the game
Dhanraj : Really amazing game, this is something new and totally different. The music makes it more soothing ❤️
Cyrille Arce : this game was fun at first but now it keeps getting worse...if it keeps this way, you will also keep losing players.
srav yash : I really love the game you guys did a great job in creating it I also would like a few updates in the game in the next update I hope there will also be light dragons and they will have the same colour as the mantas you can tame the dragons using special dragon candles and they will be in the colour of pink when you have tamed a light dragon you can increase your relationship with it you can play as them and customize them too but even without this Sky is wonderful Thank you TGC for this game
Malachi Cummings : I like the game because it's really amazing. Because all those ghosts and new upgrades winging powers.
SolNox : I really love this game even though I only played it when i have free time. It's a shame that people don't played it much now then it was released. I really recommend this playing with a friend. Even though we have to grind for candles it's still a really relaxing and fun game to play.
Frances Espiritu : It's fun finding connection with other players and you get to help one another in the adventure😊 Server issues is a pain tho🙃
Blizzard '88 : Needs a lot of space for updates. It's understandable but I feel bitter for sacrificing some of my other apps for these updates.
Daniel Bucciano : Probably the best mobile game I've ever played. Not sure why it's not on PC and Consoles (other than switch)
Paisley Shepherd : This game is wonderful but.... if you die you are reborn and must do the whole thing again... it is incredible tho, ther are many great things about the game! Like you can be active with others or explore relms with butiful creatures!
Shreerup Ghosh : A simple game with a simple motive . To provide some peace of mind . It is absolutely beautiful and it kinda fascinates me to see a game with this level of visuals run in a mobile phone (it does get really hot though and the game plays at 540p or something , it's really blurry . But overall doesn't effect the look / feel of the game .) This is not a game for those hardcore fps players . It looks fascinating at first but get extremely repetative (the only thing you do is fly and visit places)
Junye Chen : Love the game so far, though some more improvements can be suggested upon: (1) Whenever I'm skating or flying straight, camera angles are going left and right and its frustrating to see. (2) Have chat bar permanent so we can see previous messages instead of having to wait until a new bubble to see it. (3) The message bubbles are very close to the hand-holding, hug icon and its frustrating to accidentally click chat instead of the icon.
bee's honey : There's nothing much to do, wish there were more activities other than running for candles just to spend them on cosmetics, this is boring
rinn dzikrullah : Just playing this for a month. So far so good. I love it. Cool graphic even though my phone couldn't handle it, it's still pretty.
Yunis Robles : I love the game! Although, its a little bit too much for me. I don't have space/storage even if i wanna install the game, i know that it's not a valid reason because mostly the point of the game was to be 3D, I really like the skins but its really hard to get money. I used to play this with my brother all the time! But, it was taking up too much storage so i had to delete it. But, y'know, its really good! Overall, i recommend this to anyone who wants to feel like they are in an adventure.
Stefan James : I love the sounds and the call to adventure the animation is great and this is a wonderful game indeed
_Geds Gaming_ : That game was boring sometimes but still amazing graphics and it's also a pretty good storyline and gameplay ❤️
Andrea Nicole Aligato : I love your Sky light really is the gameplay always of the both I only be can my friends to have a something anymore because game off vidoes trailer person omg I love u how levels or better he's little prince again meet who I am are game go head (≧(ｴ)≦ )
GreaTo #Official : Amazing sound quality and music but need improvement in graphics and frame rate 😊😊😊
Riri Blanche : Its been difficult to deal with the bugs and glitches, I have difficulty updating the game also and downloading patch notes even entering the game since it always says " error connection" when actually my connection is damn good. Fix this
Spark Shider : I used to absolutely love playing this game, it has satisfying graphics and music and the whole concept of sharing light to make friends is so pure.. But lately it's been lagging a lot, the game stops by itself while introducing the new season so I can't even play it anymore because the cinematic plays everytime I open the app.
Irene the Bean : a bit hard to control, but calming and very spiritual. nice experience. pleasant.
Daisy Palace : Such a beautiful game with beautiful graphics. Soothing music. Work of art.
24 7A Mofiz Mehboob : The is a bug where there is no sound at all i have tried everything turn up the volume and everything I could but I can't hear anything so... Please fix this
mohamad ali : I like the game so much that i would give it 5 stars but... the problem is that the fps too low for me and the graphic is bad i can play genshin with good graphic and fps but here no, Also i have a sound problem I believe you can do it guys and i wish you good luck and thanks for the hard work.
andrew corringham : Really fun game with a very social aspect to it. Regular updates and constantly expanding worlds to explore keep it interesting and lots of customisation options for your character.
Lavender _ : Hi, Can you guys add the headset effect when playing music on Spotify on Android? I really appreciate it if you guys did 🤗❤️
ربانزل : I have a lot of suggestions and I hope you'll take a look. The game needs a large space on the phone, my phone is samsung A20, it's a modern phone, in order to be able to download it I must delete the other games I have and I didn't like this I wish to remove unimportant data in the game to make it lighter. Put speech effects to make the game more fun. Put more languages. Put the microphone feature on so that the players can talk together, that would be great.
Nurul Fitria Amanah : I like the story and music in the game, but somehow I find it kinda boring. After completing the story, all you need are candle, heart, and friend to play with.
Rixella : I usually wouldn't leave reviews, let alone 5 star reviews, but this game is way better than I thought it would be. It's music is also amazing :)
Shooni Ni : This game's nice and all but like why can't I immediately switch accounta when I want to? It's so hard and annoying because I can't even leave my alt account.
ali akaza : I can't even play after this update, when the game opens it shows home and it closes up alone, it's really annoying please fix it
Gaja :D : Nothing to say, i love the game very much! its really fun to play it and there's always something new you can do :)
Jon Shatri : One of the best mobile games out there, it's beautiful and it gives a real sense of adventure, one thing I'd say is that it requires a lot of patience and it's extremely time consuming, but if you like the game it's not really a negative. Though some things are pretty frustrating, like some of the spirits where you have to guide the light, they're always a pain to get through and the controls when flying can be really annoying.
Grant Quinn : This game is so fun and adventurous! I've been playing since last year, the only bad thing is it's hard to get hears
Barnadeep : add skip button and fix camera when spirit runs,other than these two problem the game is very good.Highly recommended if you like good music
C S Mishra A- 084 : Legit! Really nice music. Really good looking game. I downloaded it and although i've plenty of space left on my phone, it is not working fine. The graphics seems to be very blurry. And also FPS is not good. But since it kept closing, i'm assuming that my device is not good enough.
Ningguang's doormat : The ending literally made me tear up. This is one of the best kobile games, hands down.
Macie Kleski : this game is AMAZING- despite being on mobile, there's no large download, great graphics, and smooth running. this is higher quality than a lot of computer games! 11/10!❤
maha's property Show : awsone graphics everything in the game is amazing but only one that you need to add is in-game talking with friends
Helen jackson : I love this game it relaxes me sometimes it don't because it has obbys and monsters but at least we can hug and hold hands and do high five this game is amazing keep making more
Gen Z : The game is awesome! I don't really write reviews for apps but this one is exception. The game itself is healing and pretty amazing. I didn't thought we could have such on app on mobile for free with this kind of quality. The game is 10/10 I would give it more then 5 stars if I could.
Nelma Lyn Baque : I give it a 3 star for now. Last time i give it a 4 star, however during my time playing the game it ha a lot of bugs. It always log me out every time i do candle run. The game is amazing, very good quality, everything is wonderful. Please fix the bug, i'll change my vote if you fix it.
Dave Antonio : I take back what I said and I apologize. It is not the game but my internet service provider that failed. The game itself is working beautifully it's just that I need to wake up at around 1 am just to play. Still bummed that I missed the TS tho, but I'll wait for the pinwheel to come again.
Kee Min : I just found this game randomly and I love it, I honestly recommend it, I love that u have to look deep high and low for the sprits . We're guiding lost spirits so they can rip . It's adorable, like lost and found .
Dr Freeman : One of the best game in the universe, oh the graphics! Oh the soundtrack! The serenity!
2813-Zion Cardozo : Really good a top tier banger, really relaxing, visually great and soundtrack was awesome too
Aceflames : bring back the old flight controls this one makes it feel out of touch and can you please put the camera buttin somewhere else for ffs
Uyun Haslinda : good game,i like the grafic and music of this game.I also reccomend this game to my friend,but i found a bug in this game.Please fix it.Thx
Katie Boice : Love it and think you would like it to you fly you can find friends but if you do not have internet then it will be hard to play 💞🌺. Love
Genshin Impact : op game and i love this game but some bug sometimes i can't fly like my joystick was freeze so pls fix it
Heather Sallee : I loved Journey so much, and Sky is living up to my very high expectations.
Hassan Gassama : this game is amazing i just started playing so thats all i gave it 4 stars cause the graphics isnt that great on android
Santosh Kumar : Graphics good but we don't know the motive of game but game is good and wonderfull visuals
Františekk Niedoba : Game is beautiful and very cool story tho- but im giving 4 stars bcs last challenge (eden) is extremly hard ;)
Sofonyas Shankute : This game is so amazing with great graphics quality with out any lag u can play it freely just download it u won't regret 😉 😀 👍
Karl Nico Yap : I love this game so much! But it will be hard c9llecting candl3s and hearts though, but icstill love this game!
Lalrinchhani Cherhlun : Its A Really Nice Game Since The New Update Came,After the new update While playing Sky,The Phone Heated Up So Fast That I Think it's gonna Explode,So Pliz Can u Fix this Heating Cause by this game , I'll Really Be Glad ...👍👍
X galaxy_ro : The game is great all the way through and full of cool, satisfying, in some places the game is even scary
Angelyn Cajutol : I love the game so much but why the ultra graphics doesn't work on my xiaomi note 11🥺 I was expecting a hd gameplay 😩
S3NSEI : Please fix it for the Samsung s 22 ultra , I have weird lines on my screen and it only runs on 30fps
NonPlus-Pixel : It a very beautiful game I love playing it Can you make more place because I want to explore more in this game
Yash Nayak : I loved playing this game right from the start but the game just doesn't connect. Please do something about this developers. I really want to play this game.
Antonia Johnson : amazing game, its soooo addicting and so much fun :D the realm with the monsters in- the sound scared me so much lmfao
Aden Apostol : I love this app so many adventures plus there's no ads 🤪 this is the best app ever and I already finished it please update it I love it I'll wait for it 😊
TMD dim : This game is perfect but the problem is that you need internet to play but the game is very good
CRYPTO : Overall game Grpahics are next gen 🧚 also sounds are next gen but game is meaning less we can't understand what we have to do in here 🌝🙆
Gian Benedict Peñasa : it has very good graphics and this game is has no bugs i love it.
Oeter Khant : Nice open world game but how to buy candles and the last stage is so difficult.
mano gralb : astonishing, great game. soundtrack is the best and gameplay is awesome
Skid Spookymate : A great game to play with friends and with such interesting story! I recommend 👌🏻
Toni : very cute and a nice time passer as well as a good way to make friends I love it<3!!
Nooblollolpro Blank : it is mysterious and kind of beautiful while playing and with music it is great
雾wu : I have been playing sky for two years,this game is warm and friendly.But sometime got many pluginsand and bugs Lmaoo
Lew Mei Peng : it has nice graphics and the music is very nice and calming
Jason Inocelda : I'm waiting to optimize the game for low end devices, i cant even play smoothly and its blurry
Ashish : This is the best game I've played so far 👏👏 what a graphics🔥 soothing to the eyes🔥
Mohammed Vaseemudeen : This game made me a very calm person, this game graphics is so nice even it is not at the highend I loved playing this 🎮
Joshua Thomas : Its a really relaxing game and its a good way to kill some time
Roxanne Mirando : Once did update, getting session lost error and won't let me proceed
Fathan Athallah : I love the game, but please optimize the game for lower end devices.
Does not Lie : Tutorial is too dang long and annoying, won't let me skip
NO NAME : I gotta admit it. This is the BEST gane I've EVER played! It has no ads! I LOVE THIS I LOVE THIS I LOVE THIS!!! 😍😍😍
Quick Gamer : it's a very relaxing game and storyline is too good you should definitely try it
fuyuu ! : The music is everything! I can't wait for the Days of Bloom Event ! (◍•ᴗ•◍)✧*。
Echo Slot : the graphics are very nice and I enjoy interacting with others
Catherine Biles : incredible, beautiful, thoughtful. this game is a wholesome adventure
Admiral Hunchback : This game has good graphics and once you get the hang of it it's easy to use!
Daniel Wilkinson : Great game but I wish I had the beta. Ive played this game every day for months.
ICE bag : One of the best casual open world game. Tho it still have some minor bugs. except 'chibi fall'. pls don't fix that😅. I'm not sure if the forced cutscene is smthng I need to pay to get rid of but it's very annoying. Also, please ask us permission wether or not we want to relive a spirit. It's super annoying when the camera angle just change when I accidentally touched a spirit that other players are reliving.
Ms. Maline : Beautiful art stlye will definetly keep you occupied! Best game I've found in a long time!!! 10/10 VERY ADDICTING 🤌🏼🤷🏼‍♀🤌🏼
Syton : There is no way to put this masterpiece into words. It's graphics, music, interactions with other players and world development is a thing fitting for a unforgettable pc game. The only minor complaint I have is the grind for candles/hearts, that takes a good chunk of time. Overall, if you're looking for a beautiful experience Sky is for you, from the same creators of Journey. Definitely the best mobile game I ever played, after 10+ years on the search for the best game on play store. <3 Cheers!
kiana soliemani : I love this game....it's all I can say and I'm hoping for more new places and it would be nice if the costumes were easier to get
Suhas Dhole : My friend forced me to play this game with her. Now I love it. This game really have a good story. Best thing is to play with your special friend.. 😂. I felt it's story like an anime. I was get too sticked with this game but now after a year most of my friends dissappeared from my game and some blocked me. Now i get bore while playing solo, i don't play much. I just appears to collect TS and sessional. Btw best worked that game company
Akshit tomar : I give it one star, bcs when you become a older player in this game, everything becomes so dumb they create the same things in a repitetive way, and it's very dumb, players flex thier purchased items and for those who can't buy cosmetics. Getting all cosmetics are hard to collect because everything in this game is IAP. Not very friendly and hard to make friends here, people just stay quiet and they call it privacy, i know it's beautiful but it's dark truth behind its beauty. It's up to you
Arialarian OB : Hi thatgamecompany, can you please fix server errors like i cannot join my friend 😔 or add more server space for people please or fix the "your friend is in a place that you can not join right now" plss??? im waiting for days to fix this :(
Lance Nueva : HELP! Please fix sky because i keep crashing whenever i enter realms! In home im fine, but doing through doors is a pain!
Manuel Ignacio Rosales : If you remember "Journey" then you need to play this. It's amazing how technology has evolved over the years and I was shocked when I saw this game. It has beautiful graphics, sound, music and gameplay just a like a dream come true.
Kevin Alvarado : It's good and all but one problem if you want to get something to wear you have to do a loooooooong quest or you have to buy them and I don't like that
Mskitty And MrsCatty : I love everything about this game but you can lose friends easy.
Randel Viddel : Iv never come across such a beautiful gentle and very well thought of game! even communication with other players is so gentle and caring...
Saivivek M.V : This is one of the best games I have played on Android. The graphics are stylised and looks wonderful to the eye. The world is also quite big as compared to other Android games. It appears that the storyline is also great. Kudos to the devs for making such a dedicated mobile game. Environments are just amazingly beautiful eventhough there isn't much to do gameplay-wise unless in the eye of Eden. The freedom of movement is really high. I would really appreciate a 60 fps mode though....
Eren Jeager : Yk I love this game so much that I even made friends and they were all kind. But Unfortunately it glitched and never worked again that honestly made me really sad cuz I used to play sky and relax but now it doesn't even wanna open. I hope you fix the problem, thank you.
aisyah syafiah : New edit : thanks for fixing the game, tgc! Now every android players can play now. I am really grateful ✨❤️
Enyiomachukwu Onwuzirigbo : Game is really good for roplay and adventure with good graphics for the game I give it a 5
SOMA Serwan : Hello this keep is amazing and they love it so much probably everyone loves it well I have a friend on this game and thankfull for them 😊 😀
Fatima Haq : Wonderfuly immersive gameply. Absolutely love the feel, storyline, background music and cosmetics. Have met some really amazing people in this game, that are an absolute delight to chat and play with. The game does suffer with bugs, especially after updates, and in-app purchases are quite pricey, however, overall a very satisfying experience.
Sheila Mae Lay : I will give this 1 star because of the the issues it had shown for like couple of days already. I'm looking forward that this will be resolved VERY SOON!
Groot : Goodness I love this game. Very beautiful escape from reality. Met a lot of fun people here. And the music,visuals, storyline everything is just beautiful. 10/10👍🏻✨
_Quirkless_ : Been waiting for weeks now and it's still not fixed, no need having a game I can't play on my phone. Good luck TGC.
Mikael Aitken : the only thing that i can say is it would help if we could sort the expression's so we could find what we want faster
Ayden Anderson : Its so smooth easy to use and fulfilling to play.
Gerg Liminality : Cool game and all, just don't join the discord, really ruins the mood if you gonna show art not related to sky, basically there ALL about the game, so a different video game drawing, nah, show any other game+sky, nice. Yeah in careful consideration, incase anyone does read and join there discord, post your art, ight, don't matter if it's cryptic or horror, hey that's their problem not knowing they can just scroll past it and leave it archived
Fiona Kingman : This game shouldn't be free, the graphics are amazing, there's no ads and it's so fun
Muzan Kibutsuji : Story line is okay... Seems a random concept.... Graphics is also nice... Doesn't lag.... These things are combined in this game..... Overall... It's a nice game to play..... Not so tough too and gives fair fun playing..
Paul Lewis : Great new concept and mostly well done, but buggy, needs better instruction, more stable play. Nothing more aggravating than being knocked out of challenge and sent home, wasting time/effort to get back. Promotes making friends but isn't very friendly. Allows too many players in same area ruining discovery experience and game play. Biggest reason for -3 stars is the excessive greed, which will be its fail. I'm not considering any investment because of this. So far improvements are extremely slow
Henry Lee : I personally love this game, But recently I try playing and it says my internet connection can not be found, so I go through everything and I have a connection, so I hit the retry button and it still failed.
Mark Miranda : I can't stop playing. I have to join all my friends and save all the child lights before I go back to normal life.
David Morales : It is truly a beautiful game! Amazing graphics, easy to make friends and learn the games paths to get candles and lights! My only suggestion is to ramp up the horror a bit! I think it would be good to add another area like Eden that has vast Lights and candles but more darker with shrimp and puddles and things that can make you lightless.
darielle buchanan : not really lazy on a phone. fun . no waypoints In realms :(
00Ace00 : This game is so much fun, there are so much to do and see and the graphics are amazing and beautiful, there is so much to do and explore and the friend emots are so cute (hold hands, hug, piggyback and more) the game is constantly coming out with new events and new places to explore. The reason why I put 4 stars and not 5 is because after you've unlocked all the places and spirts it's basically just grinding day and night for candles trying to get cosmetics or more cape power
Leviathan Carter : It's great, fun, a vast world and overall peaceful with a beautiful, worthwhile ending.
Sana Al Sheakh Fattouh : I love this game so much It's nearly perfect The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars that we can't even talk unless we unlock it with candles.. Talking should be free with everyone.. also another reason .. the game should have a voice talking .. it would be perfect .. Thank you for this amazing game ❤
akira denman : The game 🎮 is very laid back and chill. It's a great pass time as well as something to do to Whine down.
NoobPlayer : It's my favourite game but it's becoming annoying with all these hilarious prices in the sky shop and the paid items in game.
Ghost_ Soulzzz : Q-Q need more hearts in the game. So difficult to get. But the game is amazing
Divyesh : I Love this Very much but the game isn't connecting through my mobile internet. My internet is 1 mbs fast but it showed failed to connect. Fix this as soon as possible. It is very weird and I tried more than 10 times
Aania ZAHRAA : I love this game so much, but my device is very lag and low, BUT I NEVER GIVE UP! BECAUSE SKY IS THE MOST BEST GAME IN THE WORLD!💘💘💝💖
Alia Sufia : After update, my server always error and to many bugs. Always get out the game!! ;(
•Exotic cubs fan• : Honestly,this app is very relaxing,beautiful,and amazing graphics! but the only reason I rate a 4 star is becuase the items u can buu for clothes are expsensive.
archit gaming : Op game ever graphics are ultar op🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 And time buying in traveling or any time i love this game soooo much must try this game pls everyone and must important this game is always online and u can make friends is so interesting must try
Dylan : I like this game very much and it is one of the best games I have! The company of this game surprises us every time with its exciting updates I have an idea for this game to hold a contest and ask people to express their season and skin ideas. You use it in the game.
Saiyed M.zaid : this game is very good 😊 next level 😊 awesome 👍 wonderful 👍 excellent perfect this game is very beautiful graphics this game is the best game on this world
Soorin : 𝚒𝚝'𝚜 𝚊𝚗 𝚊𝚖𝚊𝚣𝚒𝚗𝚐 𝚐𝚊𝚖𝚎 𝚢𝚘𝚞 𝚌𝚊𝚗 𝚖𝚊𝚔𝚎 𝚏𝚛𝚒𝚎𝚗𝚍𝚜 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝚎𝚡𝚙𝚕𝚘𝚛𝚎 𝚏𝚘𝚛 𝚗𝚎𝚠 𝚘𝚞𝚝𝚏𝚒𝚝𝚜, 𝚠𝚒𝚗𝚐𝚜, 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝚖𝚘𝚛𝚎
Debbie : This game is so beautiful and so calming. Its definitely my favorite game to ever hit the play store. Kudos to the developers. You're some talented people, God bless you all!
Abdullah Khan : Such good graphics very good detailed game really interesting makes you feel very concentrated and its quite peaceful and relaxing
Drakos Korvun : Great game, will definitely spend more time playing. Story does not contain any dialogue whatsoever, but it's one of the best I can say I've experienced. Would recommend it highly. The only problem I have is that the controls are sometimes janky, and it would be beneficial to have the option to switch to button controls, but it's not a big problem at all. Love it, good work!
Jan Tan : Made friends, lost some. Yet its still one of the most special games to me.
Robert Owens : Tried to sign up, but the game is having server issues. Y'all need to upgrade lol
Dus Tin : Tgc Have you think of adding a new function on instruments? Like there would be buttons for changing the notes into sharp?... That'll be cool🎶🎧🎛️
Shanzay Fatima : This game is awesome it has brilliant graphics and no words to say 💡😎👏👌❤️👏👌
Jada West-Weaver : Love the graphics would buy if it was on switch or on the wii, shortly after writing this I found it on the SWITCH *HAPPY SQUEELS*
Sal Blair : It's a very fun, peaceful game. I love it and play it to relieve stress sometimes!
Asianfreak : I enjoyed the coop mechanics of this game. Very unique and was able to enjoy with my fiance and her niece. Sadly, due to the number of bug this game has, it became an issue that's not longer tolerable for us. One that I hate the most is when they suddenly let go of my hands or getting dismounted from my back when you move to a different area. It gets frustrating that we get separated like this everytime. Sad to say that I will quit after the Season of Flight is done. It was fun while it lasted.
Valerie Hang : Very good, but i hope that ur company's server has problems, u can gv players some compensation. Thank You 🙃
Caroline Grace : Updated my app and now cannot access my account. Says cancel and sign in on other console. This is the only "console" or electronic I have ever used to play this game, this exact phone, and I only made my Nintendo Account to save my progress. Can someone help me??? Looks like it's gone...
Keira Lenahan : Flawless. An amazing experience. The characters are so cute and the customizations are fantastic. The gameplay and graphics are amazing as well. However, gameplay for players who can't/don't pay money for the Adventure Passes can become redundant, even with the Traveling Spirits (bi-weekly they come, I've been told) and new Seasons. I'm no one, but just something that I've personally noticed. Perhaps I'm simply too hard to please all the way through. Otherwise, a very nice experience :)
Haru Katze : This game is super addictive!!! Sometimes I even lose sense of reality, but I mean in a good way. The atmosphere is just amazing. The graphics and music - you just have to love it! Some problems for me would be the chat disappearing, losing your friend in the middle of the game... AND the game controls not doing what you want them to OR the CAMERA! It just does NOT stay put - I have the suspicion it's actually alive. But overall, I'm really enjoying this. Can only recommend!
Abdul Halim : I luv this game so much! The story , the sound design, the atmosphere, I luv it all!! But of course, there are some flaws to it. I noticed that the gameplay mechanics can be a bit restrictive sometimes. When I press jump to jump a certain way, it went the other way and ruins the experience, especially when being chase by the centipede monster. I've also been experiencing some connection issues which I've never had before. I hope you guys can fixed the flaws to make the experience a lot more fun.
Nat GL : Such a beautiful game! The graphics and the music are stunning. It's relaxing (well, usually, there are a few more tense parts) and fun. The story is engaging and the characters are cute. I love collecting everything, even when it's quite challenging sometimes. The flight is a bit hard to control though, and the items are a bit too expensive. Also the game uses a lot of power so my phone overheats a lot.
Jia : At its best, it's incredible. You get a serious sense of control and lightness that no other game has. The world is beautiful, accompanied by incredible music. The levels are fun, and encourage you to explore every nook and cranny. At it's worst is irritating. Sometimes your character jumps off a cliff, sometimes you find yourself stuck in the clouds flying in circles. As someone who's awful at direction, it can be frustrating to navigate the levels (mostly forest).
DustJar Original-channel : Wonderful game!! It's amazing and I love how large and unique it is!! Personally, I wish there was a map for the main areas. But I think the lack of a map improves the gameplay!! I absolutely love how you can simply make friends without needing to input anything! The emoticons help with communication without word and It's such a wonderful game. The animation, the story, the simple controls and gameplay, challenging and fun!! I love it.
Heidi Jones : I just downloaded this game and love it, there are a few laggy/glitchy spots but that could be my phone/wifi. I never have music on in a game cause it drives me up the wall, but the music in this game is just beautiful and compliments the game play. The controls aren't the best, I feel like they are backwards??? Aside from that, the scenery, music, sound effects, everything is so beautiful. I don't hate that it's multiplayer. I give it a 5 star. Will have to look into your other games.
Silver : I'll try to touch most aspects of a game in this review. The worlds/graphics are astounding and colorful. The online part was implemented very nicely, and offers players something to come back to. The story is beautiful, and made sense for replayability. The controls are a little touchy, but doable. The ai needs work. One of the enemies shines light on you, and then attacks you after a period of time. However, both the light and attacks go through walls. Solid Game, but the latter needs fixing.
Royston Parambil : Beautiful visuals, amazing sounds and an adventure like never before......all rolled into one. I really liked the game for the fact that you can connect and play alongside your friends. There are a couple of bugs though, like when you buy something from the spirits or unlock something, at times you are still unable to access the next item or upgrade. But the bugs where the players can enter places where the developer didn't intend to allow players to get into, are actually fun, like Easter eggs.
Diane Goño : Everything about this game, the look of it, the feel, the music score, is absolutely phenomenal. I feel lighter and calmer when I fly through the game's clouds, and the fantastic music is lovely. Simple game mechanics, ultrasimplified friend system, wholesome all around. Having an S8, I did experience some lag on the framerate, and the lines weren't as smooth as I wanted. 9/10.
Amy Seal : I love this game, the sense of community, the atmosphere, the soundtrack the cute little characters. I do have a few complaints though it could be specific to my gaming experience. My friend disappears even when we're right beside eachother but that can easily be fixed by returning home and then joining them again. I guess that's more of an inconvenience. Also whenever I exit the wasteland area with the giant ship and dragon my game crashes. Please help with this but overall it's great.
Fizzy FiSh : This game is... is beyond words to describe how AMAZING and beautiful it is. The graphics and the music is amazing!!! Some parts of the game brought me to tears! It is wonderful.. BUT I do have some suggestions, even though other players can call to each other it would be nice if there was a search to search other players like friends for instance. Also some of the levels are pretty difficult and losing all the winged light I worked up to is pretty upsetting. Overall this game is 100000/10!!
Sulaiman Al Darei : Beautiful gameplay, graphics are okay for now, but I'm certain the Dev's can improve it. Controls need some sharpening. If we had voice chatting, especially selective chatting where we can chat with specific friends while muting others, that would be great. There is this glitch that can happen where I have friends in the same map (server) with me, and if I'm too far from them for a little while, they disappear from my sight. I'd have to go home and join them again. Overall, good game. Keep it up
Maelle Guillard : It is a really interesting and beautiful game, how ever as much as the controls are super easy to understand it is very sensitive and doesn't always respond the way we want it. Like a little jump end up in a straight up shot in the air, makes it a bit harder for precision missions. And the camera tend to be a bit doggy some time, if we could control more than side way, as in zoom in and out a bit would be so much helpful.
zxck : This game is the definition of adorable and beauty! I love the graphic, the musics, the sounds, pretty much everything. However, it's a bit hard to control when flying. My friend (a senior) said that the control ain't that difficult to handle, but since the game updated, the control became a bit difficult, especially for rookies.You lost one star due to the control. Maybe if you make the control easier to handle, then I'll give this game 5 stars! ★★★★★
Tufty 13 : This game spends a lot of time on the game world, and it looks fantastic. The colours and textures bring a nice atmosphere to game, making it feel really nice to fly around. It seems like a roam and explore type game yet is set up like a story with different worlds that need to be unlocked. I feel very lost at times in this game which is annoying because I want to see more of the game, yet I'm stuck unable to progress due to the lack of instructions.
ツHi : This game is very unique and beautiful! Never saw anything like this on mobile devices before! I started playing 4/30/20 and it got addictive pretty quickly but at the same time, it helped with my anxiety and stress. The reason why it is a four stars because it still has a couple of bugs and it sometimes makes me have to close out the game or it crashes. When I go through the pipe area at the Golden Wasteland, my screen just turns black and it doesn't do anything.
Aria Johnson : Absolutely gorgeous graphics. And the audio is incredible as well. The controls can be really difficult at times, and I would like to know why I can't fly certain places (I keep getting pushed back and idk why). But yeah it's totally gorgeous!! Also, I would love to see the headphones get added to the Android version, cuz I really wanna get those!! They look really cool 😮.
Andy M : This is a very good game that takes you on a fascinating journey in the sky. The great sound and the untold story makes a very immersive experience. The only problem i had sometimes was with the flight control. It takes a lot of effort to steer, especially when you missed your landing and have to u-turn. And i tend to miss my landings a lot. Might need more precise flight control.
JuniperJaye : The graphics are stunning and the controls are really simple! If there's any issues, it's that it freezes/skips like a scratched disc (before/after updating); happens on Android, iOS, and the Switch. Another is the sensitivity. It's like I have to use my thumbs to swipe or press multiple times in order for something to work instead of just once (after update). Otherwise, I love that it's made to be played multiple times! 🥰
Maryam Ilena : It's an amazing game! It's fairly relaxing, it's game mechanics are easy to get the hang of and the graphics are spectacular! But there is a problem, i seem to glitch out the game when I try to enter the sanctuary as well as the third (?) part of the hidden forest, this problem makes it so I can't progress, please fix this so I can continue, but other then that everything is swell.
Free Society : The game has beautiful unique graphics, good character design, beautifully designed worlds and challenges to do every day. But, I've come upon some issues, first is that when you play with your friends and you come home to follow them or just see their name in the exact world you're in, they can simply poof into thin air. It has happened multiple times and it's kinda annoying. Second is that it's hard to control character while in flight mode, it's hard to steer, wind blows you away from your..
Sabrina Capistrano : This is one of the best games I have ever played. Great graphics, music, gameplay, and controls. There are some frustrating moments because the frame rate drops whenever I enter the hidden forest and it crashed while I was in the golden wasteland, which is not the most ideal place to stay in because of the krill thingos. I'm already using a note 10 at this point. Flight controls are great but I hope the turns would be sharper and more precise. All in all, 9/10 would recommend!!!
Robin Smith : Beautiful game, like insanely beautiful. I am running into a bug in the golden wastelands by the shipwreck though. I try to leave the area and go to the next one but when the screen cuts to black it stays that way and I end up having to close the game since the game just freezes. So I can't actually progress in the game due to that glitch. I think I'd rate this game a 5 star once that bug is fixed though.
blessed wooper : incredible game with great flight controls and beautiful landscapes, and that's not even mentioning the social aspect. also if you're told on the title screen that your device doesn't meet the minimum requirements to play sky, you'll probably be fine. the only performance issues i've had are the fourth, sixth and occasionally seventh areas having constant lag. if you're on a lower-end device, be prepared to have to close the app due to unplayable lag. 0 star loss because it's an issue on my end.
M B : It's probably one of the highest quality games I've played on my phone. Looks amazing, has that feel of Journey (which is a fantastic game by the way). The only issue I have is that on my Samsung S9 the graphics settings don't seem to make much difference, they all look very similar and the performances don't change. The performance is quite poor, most of the time it's stuttering and I've actually just stopped playing because the app crashed. Once this is fixed, I'd be happy to give it 5 star.
John Frantzeskakis : This is a masterpiece, a game unlike anything else. It blows my mind that a mobile game could be so good. First of all is 100% free, +NO ADS this just shows how much passion and love was put to this game! The graphics and the music are just breathtaking it could easily be a PC or console game. Plus the "social features" add a whole other level to this game. It is heavy tho and poor devices will lag a lot. For me the lag is minimal but still there, tho I would be surprised if it wasn't.
Tracy Hsieh : Its absolutely breathtaking. You want art and relaxation? This is it. Honestly I've never seen a 3d game a cinematic as this one. Everything looks so good. So far the theme is also intriguing. Now for the controls, they are still a bit hard to manipulate for precise maneuver. And theres a sort of co-op component, but communication is really hard. I hope they set a friend system so.
Nguyễn Đức : This game is a masterpiece. The music, graphic, gameplay, story are all great and even better when combined together, I recommend everyone to give it a try. However there are still some issues: unskippable cutscenes, the translate button doesn't work (it did work in the beta version), I hope hope you will fix them soon. Thanks developers for the game.
Kristin G : I love the game! It's beautiful! The players are helpful. The design and game is the best thing I've ever seen for mobile. I'm a supporter for life. There's really only two set backs.. I do wish the camera/video button would be moved a bit more away from the jump and fly button... It interferes with the game play quite often.. and.. I think it's going to take a zillion years to get all the cosmetics/wing perks bouncing around through the same places.. it's getting a bit repetitive.
Startail Syi : It's a wonderful game with beautiful graphics. I like flying around with friends around the map. And it's not lacking fun because there are levels when you have to protect yourself to survive. The UI is hidden, I didn't know there are menu until play for the second time.. It's kinda hard to meet a friend, sometimes you just got teleported to a place far from your friend. The game play is super cute, we can hold hands, fly, etc. But I hope it'll get better :D
Aharu : This has to be the best multiplayer game on mobile. It's just really good, the graphics, interactions, gameplay, like almost everything. The only problem is the controls for me, the only options are to make it not/inverted or one/two finger option. It would be better if devs added more controller options. For me, this the best game you can ever play on mobile.
Silent Watcher : The most visually stunning, beautiful, and filled with aesthetic game that I've ever laid my eyes upon on android. The atmosphere is kept throughout the game from the moment it's booted up. Simply wonderful. Though a little bit confusing at the start, and some bugs/glitches I encountered, the game is still able to gave me such an experience that I've never have before. Performance wise, my phone could run it quite smoothly, but the heat it generated might be a problem. Try it out, people!
Brandon Hill : This game is one of the most beautiful mobile games I have ever played. I used to play SAOIF, but it got old and repeatative. Sky has a stunning art style, tranquil experience, and I love gliding through the air. There are many insentives to play with other people as well. The only downside is that it's a bit glitchy lately with quests especially when other players are doing the same quests at the same time.
Valerie Tomita : The game is really nice. The graphics are amazing and the music is great. The only issue I have are all the bugs in the game. Somtimes when I try and write a message, the message won't post and will act like I'm talking instead. This is super frustrating. Also when I go into a new area of Golden Wasteland my phone will freeze up and I have to reopen the app. These tiny bugs are just really annoying. I hope they fix these bugs in the future.
Lily Kerns : This game has such nice graphics and such a great story and ambience to it! Everyone is very friendly and tends to be kind! I do have some problems with it though, 1. It drains battery very quickly and over heats the phone even turning the graphics down or taking pauses in between playing doesn't help. 2. The camera, it goes in different angles just suddenly. It can get annoying when trying to fly to a perch and the camera decides to make you go in a completely different direction and miss it.
Danielle Forrest : Fun game with frustrations. Single player mode is great, but friends are required to collect some spirits or complete some tasks. This wouldn't be a problem if there were more people on the levels that require friends. It's incredibly frustrating when you need four players, but there is never any other players around. Vault of Knowledge and the Citadel are two really frustrating sections. Not many glitches, great graphics, and fun story. It's a really good game.
Dave Lacy : The artwork is beautiful but even playing on a top end phone like the Samsung S20 the graphics themselves seem very low resolution. It would be good if the higher settings on the graphics made it a bit cleaner to look at. The flying seems a little too stiff at times and if you get stuck in clouds then sometimes it can get kind of glitchy. Overall though the game is excellent. It's a brilliant idea and the lay out of everything is very well done. Is give it 5 stars if it wasn't so blurry.
Anubhab Sahoo : This game is absolutely beautiful. The water in the initial load screen surprised me. I was like: "Is that the game's graphics?" Turns out, it was. The gameplay is awesome. Sometimes you just wanna peep into every corner of a game, and spend your time on it willingly, not just because you have to do it to advance further. The only problem with the game is it's optimisation. It lags and crashes occassionally on my Honor Play. Make it a bit less of a power sucker, and you're the winner here.
Martha Killjoy : I was stunned in the first moment I opened the game. Adorable graphics, cool gameplay mechanics, memorable locations... I just need to give the game 5 stars. My only problem are the controls. They're awful, at least on my phone (Huawei). Anyway, if you didn't played the game yet, I suggest you to play it immediately, because you're losing an amazing experience.
Mora-Lee Moore : It's a beautiful game. The music, the adventure, and how you can be interactive with other players and work together in order to find stars and spirits. However, the controls when flying can sometimes be frustrating, and on android devices there are small glitches. They're durable, but recently I came across a passageway in Golden Wasteland, in order to complete the realm I must go through it. I went through but the loading screen froze and the game crashed. Now I can't even finish the game.
kam yip : Normally I end up deleting games after a few weeks, but this game is one that I'll be keeping for a long time! The visuals are beautiful and the soundtrack fits perfectly with the story! Speaking of the story, it's very unique and very interesting! Each realm is very different and fun to explore! And with every event, the realms change! Basically, this is one of the best games I've gotten! Also, if you need help finding things, just check out the Wiki or Amino (Beware of spoilers)!
Abbey Treloar : Beautiful game, totally captures the feeling of Flower and Journey. However, there is minimal to no explanation of how to play or what your goal is. I have played the same levels multiple times and have now lost interest, which is a shame. Journey could get away with zero explanation as the goal was clear and the controls very few, but Sky is more complex and deserves an explanation. I've ditched it out of frustration.
sarah yee : Everything is great (especially the graphics!) except how frequently the game crashes, usually every time a scene with a lot happening in it. (This means I haven't been able to get past the Hidden Forest because it crashes.) It also crashes every time I look around, meaning that I've had to play the game constantly looking in one direction. I'm not sure if it's because it's too much for my phone (Oppo F11 Pro) to take but I'd love to play this without it crashing every few minutes.
Toto Ressorp : I feel the need to clarify that the controls are perfect- if you're an actual gamer. Mobile gamers may have issues if they can't use joysticks. The graphics are gorgeous for a free game, the art style just isn't 2k HD. Regardless, most levels are great for anxiety and the music is superb. I'm a huge fan of Journey, Flower, and Abzu so I'm thrilled to have an app as well.
Darkshadoo The Destroyer : I do hope the devs or whoever reads these. First off, absolutely stunning visuals, amazing sound design as well. It's also cool to see other players around you in real time. However, I deduct points in the areas of controls and menus. The controls while flying and jumpy feel a bit clunky and unresponsive at times, not the smoothest. Also, sliding feels odd, like it happens at times when it shouldn't. As far as menuing goes, it lacks explanation. It's hard to know what some features actually do
James Hyatt : This game is absolutely breath-taking. The flight system is revolutionary, the scenery is spectacular, the music is heart-melting, the people are so diverse, and all so lovely. I do have a few issues though. Its quite expensive to unlock the chat features with friends, I think it should be cheaper or free. Secondly, it would be nicer if it had more of an MMO feel, but being a small company I guess the servers couldn't handle that. Last, the in game transactions are phenomally expensive.
MNTI : Had a great experience with sky overall! Looks astounding, the sound, while it gets kind of choppy on the android, is overall very pleasing to the ears! Only gripe with this is apparent bug issues that I encountered in the game. I don't know if this was a recurring issue on the iphone, but that issue is very prevalent on the android. Other than that, by far the best game on mobile I've ever played.
Falis Laling : It's a good game. Very good and relaxing. However, the in game price for things are very expensive! Also, the game keep on splitting server when I play with friends and then the game crashes often after update. Not to mention there's no compensation for all the things we went through during the playtime, really a waste. Please fix this or else I'm gonna stop playing.
Adriana Brzović : The visuals are absolutely stunning, it's free and there are no ads the storytelling is incredible. The animations and the colors are really well done, the details in different worlds are just amazing! One part almost made me cry 😅. I really recommend the game and applaud the makers. However, there are a bit of issues with the game glitching out, currently sth with graphics which makes it unplayable for me, and also in general during the game with some things just disappearing all of a sudden.
SYRCUS. : Yeah its great, it really is but the only problem is the controller. It's kinda hard to handle especially on flying. Like it will lead you to the different direction if you're not in focus. And sometimes, there's a bug like, can't get the spirits cause it's either you can't burn it like the gates sometimes in hidden forest especially, and the spirit is kinda slow so you have to wait till it comes. That's all but the game is really great. Like it.
Frank Hong : The game is different. It feels like a big free world. Controls are smooth and how the model interacts with the environment is clean. The level of detail is pretty amazing from lighting and stepping on the ground. So I can really appreciate the effort that went into that. The story and objective is what was odd. The getting lost and hint system could be better.
Toby : I don't normally leave reviews, but for Sky I will. There are times when this no longer feels like a game, but a stunning experience. I'm absolutely enthralled with everything Sky has to offer. It's beautiful and each realm is unique. There's so much to explore, secret areas, and collectables. There's in app purchases, but It's nothing you feel forced to take. Addictive, surreal, and absolutely worth playing, and I plan on getting some adventure passes just to support the amazing developers.
Amadeus Van Kerckhoven : Beautiful ! The social element is the greatest asset of the game, the idea that you have to collect emotes that you then can use to express yourself is awesome. The controls might seem a little funny in the beginning, but now I enjoy aimlessly flying around, improving my steering skills. The cutscenes and guided camera movements are annoying at times, it would be great if that could be turned off
Chan H : So far, So Beautiful! Absolutely gorgeous game! Very interesting music, and the story is rather intriguing. The controls are a little wonky, it feels like they don't always respond as they should. Attempting to get your character into/onto a certain spot can be aggravating at times. The flight mechanics feel a little off, sometimes my character doesn't fly up even when I boost while dragging upwards on the left.
Random Stuff : This game has an amazing art style, gorgeous graphics, and the animations are very fluid. The music is incredibly relaxing and well composed. The controls are not good. They do their jobs fine but for precise movement it is horrible. When you get to flying sections it can feel uncomfortable to change height and change direction. I feel this game would've worked more open-world because right now it feels too linear. An option to turn off online to improve game performance would be nice aswell.
Dani Marie : It is a great game love the graphics and everything. Flying controls are a bit annoying constantly trying to fight camera angle and flying at the same time. Since the new update I'm not able to even play the game any more, it costly crashes after 2 seconds of opening it. Undownloaded it and reloaded to see if it would fix it but no it didn't. Now I might have lost everything after spending some money into my account for my character.
steven f : Gorgeous and dreamy game. It's like Journey, but as an MMO proper because you can interact with other players in more meaningful ways. However, I've currently marked the score down a little bit because the game can get a little vague with the UI, hiding important elements. It was only by randomly tapping on the corners of the screen that I found the settings menu and the ability to bind my game account to my Google login. Why would the developers make this hard to find? It looks like there is a lot to explore though, so it's time to take flight and work out what the heck is going on! 😁
Jessica Nguyen : The art work is phenomenal. The controls are smooth and very easy to handle. The levels are just at the right difficulties to give me a challenging and enjoyable experience. Overall, I had a fantastic experience. One thing though, it's a bit difficult to see in the darker regions of levels (even with my screen brightness at max across all of my devices). If a brightness control could be added it would be very helpful.
Rafael Reyes : The gameplay reminds me so much of journey, and I mean that in the best way possible. It's such a calming experience to explore a world this big and to take in every bit of it. What I also love is the online interactions because it actually encourages intentional and genuine teamwork, not just randoms online in a lobby. Technical issues are present though. UI can take some getting used to and some controls are wonky at times, but the atmosphere this game gives more than makes up for it
Aminori. : This game is great so far. I'm on my second run now. The graphics are not the best, the animation sometimes glitches, but overall I love the story line. I like how you gave us a peaceful journey and suddenly...... BOOM! Eye of Eden. A difficult level that is not peaceful at all. I played it through a third of the level before my pattner left. I don't mind tho. I love the challenge and thrill. No ads, No pay to win. I mean, yea you can buy stuff, but you can still complete it without paying.
Omi : Sky is obviously a gorgeous game and the music is fantastic. The avatars are adorable and the gameplay is fun, if not a tad wonky However, it REALLY should be optimized for lower-end phones. for my android phone, i have to play with the graphics at the worst setting and i can't get pass the golden wasteland because it just crashes so so SO often. It's practically unplayable and I only return because my friends enjoy the game. i assume that it is much better for higher-end phones. In addition to the graphics being able to play at a much better rate, i assume it also doesn't crash as frequently as it does for me. I would reccommend it if your phone is good! But for goodness sake, is there any way to stop the frequent crashes?
Dot Vix : I've played sky for over a year across multiple different devices, and from all that experience, the one thing I still can't help but notice is the lack of exceptional controls. The game itself is perfect in almost every way. Story, graphics, socializing, and almost all other aspects are perfect, but the one thing I wish they would fix is the controls. Your character is almost uncontrollable. Please fix this, I would rate this 5 stars if it was fixed
Xin Yi Lim : Edit: The game still crashes sometimes when I try to enter areas with too much/watch cutscenes. It's a really gorgeous game, that's for sure. The soundtrack is awesome too! But the resolution and framerate is rather bad for my phone, I'm not sure why though. There's also a frequent glitch where the lighting starts flickering, which is very distracting and dizzying.
Alan Martins Martins : The game is really good and beautiful but there's a lot of bugs and some places are way too dark to play. I wonder if there's a way to sign in, create a user or something, so the player wouldn't loses game progress... I didn't found it anywhere, I can't even give myself a nickname, only if sharing the game link... Also could be a way to adjust graphics, turn music on, off.
TitanOfRage Gaming : The game itself is beautiful in a simplistic yet detailed approach to its structure. I absolutely love the exploration and was rather stunned ate how much of the environment I could actually explore. I had half expected the game to not as good as it looked. However, I find it rather pleasent and relaxing. Fantastic job! P.s. only noted one issue so far and it was a game crash on initial load. However, upon restarting the game. There was no longer an issue.
ImPrettySureImHuman : This game is truly lovely. From beautiful graphics to beautiful characters it really is just a great game. My favorite part in it is flying, though. The only thing I don't like is when attempting to join a friend if you don't join them fast enough(hold their hand) you get moved to different servers. And sometimes it even glitches out while your together and switches servers, separating you. Doesn't happen often but annoying when it do. Besides that I don't see anything wrong the game. I love it!
Abhinav R : The game runs smooth and the environment is beautiful. Music adds to the beauty of this game. Really simple controls and interactive gameplay. Although it loses one star because it makes the system UI hang. I noticed this when I tried to pull down the notification panel. A 200mb app shouldn't cause lag I think. Overall a good game and fun to play.
Alexis : I've been playing for 6 months now and 2 seasons, one of them with pass. I like how much the android version has improved, it was pretty rough and stressful at first gameplay wise but it's getting better. Still has its fair share of bugs. The balance between free-to-play and paid is really good and solid in my opinion. My issues are the amount of bugs (MANY), which compromise mechanics, and the lack of lore. But overall Sky is a very fun game and I've met really amazing people, thank you TGC.
Momo Hearts77 : The game is exciting and visually and conceptual stunning. It is family friendly. Many of the people I have met are great. Two major downside I perceive is that because it's a social game, without friends it can be boring. Also, some tasks rely on group help which can be annoying if you have to do a quick solo run. I would love to see a pet or home system implemented!
Becky Mac Neil : I love this game and I really can't say enough good things about it. It's the most relaxing part of my day. It's beautifully crafted in all aspects (graphics, colors, themes, music, character design, literally everything!). I wish there was an easier way to access extra areas (eg. cave of prophecy). I found the forgotten ark area by pleasant accident and I'm curious if there are other areas I've completely missed. It's a wonderful experience.
Melissa and Zoe Ram : I really love this game! The graphics is amazing, the storyline is interesting, and the cosmetics in the game are just so cute or cool. Makes me want to continuously farm candles and make friends. However, I'd like a change. I want the adventure passes to be attainable without paying. I'm not saying you should just give the passes out but maybe you could use it as a reward for doing a certain task/s. The seasons feels so important and I feel left out not able to buy. Please consider, thanks!
LUVIE ME : The game is overall great. It's just that the game keeps bugging and crashes every now and then. It is really a bothersome and I can't seem to enjoy the game. Especially when I'm about to enter a new place and it just crashes. I'd have to do the whole thing over and over again. It isn't difficult or anything like that, it just gets annoying over time. The flying controls are pretty great but when you crash against an object you're just bouncing off t especially in the could where you are "blind"
Jasmine Delo : I love it, great visuals, sounds, and customization features. Although I have to note its hard to take in the visuals more later on and after the first go through. The intensity and the lack of information in the end gave me misunderstandings and I started to panic. Had to do online research to understand. Even still, great game. 1 thing. I just don't like Krills and Crabs. I wish there would be a free roam once you complete a map or something. For visual exploration. (Can't do much with Krills)
Chung Chung : Beautiful premise, flawed execution. Let me start off by saying I'm a huge Journey fan, the game resonated within every inch of my body. This one did too. But there was one major problem. The controls, it's atrocious when flying. This is not an exaggeration, because it really is one of the worst controls I've used in a game period. Makes it clear that this was never meant to be a mobile game but more of a handheld console (Switch) game. I would love to play this on PS4 or Switch soon.
Klondyke : First. I love this game. Reminds me of Journey to no end. I love the friend aspect, beautiful!! I love collecting the expressions. But one thing I don't like. The controls. They're bearable. But very fiddly and loose. I don't feel in complete control of what my character does. Sometimes they'll start flying randomly and the controls while flying is so infuriating. If the turning was made tighter and more sharp and refined, this game would be brilliant! I love this game, thank you for this ♥️
BreadStickJuices : This game has the most amazing graphics I've seen for a while. The sound is also nice and sometimes even relaxing. I only have a few problems with this spectacular game. First off, when you fly through the clouds it can get a bit weird and very difficult to see where you're going. Second, sometimes when music plays it abruptly stops and another song begins to play. This can either improve the moment or lessen it. In most cases it unfortunately doesn't seem to end well. But overall I loved this!
Jokim Joshua Lacson : Having problems with controls, sometimes it doesn't respond and sometimes it's too sensitive, also some bugs when playing with 3 -4 friends, we can't all pass to portals. And sometimes we can't read each others chat, sometime it's just dots that appears. And just a suggestion, it would be nice to have a voice chat for players to easily communicate. Thank you Overall the game is awesome 😁
Thierry Maillot : Really lovely experience, I've been playing almost nonstop on my switch. I have zero problems with the game play until I switched over to my phone to try playing there (s20 fe 5g) performance isn't an issue at all. But the game has fully frozen multiple times to the point where I have to power off my phone. At most I've gone 15-20 mins in game before this happens. Just mobile though, switch experience is great! Not a deal breaker for me, thought I would just let you guys know.
Peggy S : I love this game. I really do. It's calm but there's some challenging parts ahead every now and then. Yet the game makes you become diligent. You just feel encouraged and motivated to keep trying until you succeed. Good game. But one problem. My game kept crashing half way when I'm on the boat at the wasteland. And whenever that happens I have start from "home" and travel all the way back to the jeti again which is annoying. Please help.
Nikko Dy Guaso : Amazingly beautiful game (visually and musically) that's best played with a special someone as you journey and explore the game's mysteries and unlock outfits and emotes along the way. The downsides are the server experience which sometimes separates you and your partner along the way and sends them on another instance. The only solution is to go back home and join your partner, which can be annoying as I've experienced it a lot of times in our few days of playing.
bhavna sundar : I love Sky, it is a game with a beautiful story line, amazing graphics and honestly is fun to play. But over the past two days, it kept having glitches. I would be in the cave of prophecies and it would exit the app, happened to a few other places to. I hope it would be resolved soon.. I've tried Uninstalling and re-installing the app multiple times and updated it even, but no change. Please help.
Ben Pool : A genuinely beautiful game, especially for mobile. It's entirely free to play, though it's very grindy as well. I'd say the cost of some items (the ones that cost hearts) is too high. The only reason this isn't a 5* game is because some cutscenes can't be skipped. When I've seen them 100+ times it's tortuous. Also, stop forcing the camera to look at things. Use indicators on the edge of the screen. I know where the spirit is, and I'm trying to escape a krill. Guess where I'd rather be looking.
Guillaume Courcelaud-Razafindrakoto : A masterpiece. The graphics are stunning, each frame of gameplay looks cinematic. I also like the interaction that you can have with other players. Cons : I don't find the story quite complete. Because it's too simple, you don't really get that satisfactory feeling when discovering new places. It would be nice if hidden places, for example, had a story attached to them. PS: Could a notification gestion feature be added ? (I'm getting too much of them)
MacMac : Game is really great. One of the few games that you can only find on this platform. The controls are very user friendly, and it has controller support as well! The only problem is the constant crashing and the occasional graphical glitches. Sometimes the movement feels unreliable, or odd, but it isn't enough to be called unplayable. So far, if you want a story, you might need to have a to do a lot of thinking on how deep the story and its message are. The game is replayable as well.
Gautham GTM : The best visual and audio experience a game can ever give. Hats off to the developers. I never saw such an amazing game in android devices. Graphics is next level. And many areas to explore. And the ending made me sad because we don't know what the true ending is. Amazing game must try for people who like relaxing games. The music is so soothing. The last relm changed the game from relaxing to horrifying but then again a great game. I would recommend this game to my friends for sure. Minor Bugs
TechnOwl : This is one of my all time favorite games. Sure landing can be a little finicky and there are minor graphical glitches occasionally, though not lasting for more than 2-3 seconds. This is still an amazing game! The art style and designs are awesome, the silent story telling is great, and the multiplayer aspect doesn't really distract and can really elevate many moments in the game. And the ending... 😤👌 a huge spectacle! A treat for the eyes, ears, and soul.
Chi : I've been playing this a little every other night for a couple of months now. The graphics are amazing, the concept is enchanting, and the community is very kind. Even though the tasks are repetitive, the focus required to fly around and the ability to chat with friends keep it engaging. This does drain your battery fairly quickly, but I don't mind sitting by an outlet to play. Definitely give it a look to explore the landscapes at the very least~~~
Lois Turley : This game is beautiful. One of the best looking games I've ever seen and its relaxing to just set aside some time to explore the environment. The story is really interesting to learn more about and its amazing to interact with other players especially in this weird time we are in now. However I keep having problems of the game crashing and occasionally my controls will stop so I cant move for a bit. Other than that an amazing game.
The Reaper : This game exceeded my expectations. I was skeptical at first thinking it was going to run slow or have a bunch of in app purchases that was needed to play like all the other mobile games these days, but i was wrong. The graphics are stunning, and the gameplay is smooth and doesn't lag at all. The sound design is also fantastic and really adds to the game's atmophere. Would highly recommend. I do wish the story wasn't so vaige due to the lack of narrative or dialoge during cutscenes though.
Jeansbeans : Beautiful game that makes you explore and discover secrets in this amazing world. Albiet not a perfect game with random server changes, multiple bugs, sometimes frustrating flying mechanics, repetitive gameplay, it's still such a charming game. The multiplayer aspect isn't for everyone and sometimes even annoying. But if you do get the chance to make some friends who are as dedicated to the game as you are, your experience will be 10x better!
Abhijeet Singha : This is one of the most relaxing yet adventurous games ever on Android, the amount of freedom it provides is insane, jump, dive, run, fly.. do it all. The multiplayer aspect is a very interesting part of the game, where you can share a quest together, also it gives you a great number of emotes you can use, unlockable with the quests you complete. And it doesn't end there special events will give you company even when you've completed the main quest. I definitely recommend this one.
Suddhi Li : Graphics are great, immersive and magical. Encapsulates the magical experience as well as autonomy one can have over the character. But the controls get glitchy. I turn about in circles in the clouds and cannot see where I'm going. The controls start turning even when I'm directing straight. This needs to be fixed otherwise I'm uninstalling. Otherwise I love how you can interact with other players. Would definitely recommend this game.
Baraca Mondesir : This game is really fun and it's beautiful to look at and soaring through the sky is amazing. The only thing that I can say is, there should be an on-screen map so that you can know where you're going rather than havin 2 look up information while trying to game. Also let's be real pricing for candles and what not highly expensive. I spend on games where low prices allows me more game play seeing a huge amount for whatever it is is not appealing to the player. Anyway absolutely enjoyable game!
Miles McCormack : AMAZING. Honestly, as someone who's REALLY into free roam games, but can't afford the systems for it, this is perfect. The graphics, fantastic. Storyline, superb. Even the ending almost had me in tears. Beautiful. You learn to easily get attached to the character and the friends you make along ur journey. Very immersive and I can't put my phone down. Thank-you SO much. Note: you do have a bug in the Valley of Triumph.
Trombonion : Incredible game, especially for mobile. It looks absolutely stunning. It's probably the best mobile game I've ever played. It'd also be a very good console game once it comes out there. The progression is great and the story is beautiful. There are a few bugs here and there but most aren't game breaking, aside from one in Eden. My friend got stuck in a corner and lost 40 wings. The controls are good for some things but precise movement is not one of them. I bet it'd be easier on console, though
Nisca Shull : This game is stunning. My device isn't quite up to par, so it gets a little laggy on occasion, but that aside i love it. The customazation, the graphics, the music, the social mechanics, the story, all of it. And while you can pay real money to get a headstart on customization options, there's no need to. Events have cool rewards that are reasonably obtainable if you spend a bit of time playing. And though i have beat the storyline once, i've only just brushed the surface of this game. Love it.
Water cat : I find this game to be amazing. The controls are a little weird, and there are some glitches/bugs, but the sheer beauty of this game makes up for those. This game is a great example of an adventure platformer, with amazing an multiplayer system, great mostly optional collectibles, and great replayability. Going back to the controls, the only problem i have is with the movement stick, I wish it would be locked to one place on the screen so it would not be quite as hard to use, and glitchy.
Mira Zayn : I really love playing this! The animation is amazing! The story line is intriguing. The way of playing and socialising are different from usual mobile game. I keep on meeting different people from different country. However, the reason this review lack of one more star is I keep on having problem when playing with my friend who is using iphone. She keeps on disappearing after some times playing with her. I have to go back home and go to her again in order to meet her.
Dustin Schmidt : Some of the controls can be a little jerky at times or rather over sensitive. I would also really appreciate a control to simply fold up the wings of descend on the spot. Same for sliding. Once you start out can be tricky to stop. Some way to use the wings ss a break on the ground as well as the air could add a great deal of control. The visual experience and flair of the game itself however deserve a full 5 stars. So, fix the controls a little and is an overall 5!
Pixel Wolf183 : The sound and the music of this game are both delightful, however sometimes I just wanna hear the wind, other players, ect. If there could be a way to turn on and of music in the settings, I would be extremely happy. Great game though. 👍 Edit: I love that you can adjust the volume of, not only the music, but sound fx now too. The ability to change resolution as well has been great for battery, and just in general there has been a whole bunch of wonderful additions.
AmazingAllen : This a very beautiful and wonderful game. You get explore gorgeous worlds with nice music and make friends along the way. But the connection needs some work because I get seperated from friends many times and sometimes it just becomes annoying. So far, it has been a great experience minus the connection problems. But even those problems won't stop 5 stars and the title of one of the best games I played on mobile. And it's FREE.
Diajeng Sekar S.S. : The whole game itself is phenomenal. The graphic, the music, sound. Unfortunately, there's a few flaws here and there. 1. The controls sometimes stressful especially when flying. 2. Sometimes when I'm playing with friends, either me or my friend got teleported to different server/instance. Like when we were standing side by side, they suddenly gone, even though they still standing in the exact same spot. Please fix.
Sydnee Heath : Graphics are the best greatest I've ever played for a mobile app. However the controls have a mind of their own sometimes. Its probably just me not the game. edit: please fix the controls in the eye of eden. I know its supposed to be the hardest level but ever since the new season it has been super glitchy and I lose so many light even when I'm behind a rock to protect me. Please fix this!!!!!!!!
V : From the moment I saw the pre-release stuff I knew this was going to be fantastic and it is!! I am loving everything about the sound design and music, the graphics, the characters.. everything. This is phenomenal and the perfect kind of game for me. I really love the emotes and all the little details like holding hands, the little balls that light up when stood on, and people use that beep noise to communicate. I occasionally get disoriented but it doesn't take anything away from this art :)
Brandon Aun : One of the best game in the store at the moment. The game is still buggy and have some issues, as all newly released games should be. This game says so little, but speak so much. If you are looking for some fast-paced action, defeating enemies and what not, then this game is not for you. If you like adventures, puzzles, friendship, overcoming hurdles with strangers, candles, really cool customizations, BEAUTIFUL sceneries then this is the game for you. Also, a lot of flying. 5 stars!
Witch, Please : REALLY FUN! I really like it. I play with my sister and we both love it. I'd give it 5 stars but my game crashes sometimes, is laggy in the wasteland, vault and in eden and has a weird jumping mechanism that has killed me more than once. But that doesn't stop me from really enjoying it and it probably won't stop you too! Although, if I could, I'd have them redesigning some of the trials because it's unfair to expect your players to parkour when the jumping doesn't work properly.
John Montaintt : i can't believe this game is free. i started playing and had to stop to come here and give it 5 stars. every single problem (as if there were any!) is completely excused by how amazing the visuals and sounds are. this is one of the best designed mobile games i've ever seen. if you don't like games i'd still recommend you download it to enjoy some calming music and animations! and on top of how great it looks the controls work perfectly and are super responsive at least on my phone. love it!!!!!!
NexiPop : I didn't realise how much of a social aspect this game had but its not bad. Controls are simple and straightforward but I have issues when trying to land while flying or flying in general (if I'm aiming for something) Occasional server crashes but works very well considering it's only been out on android for a week at most. There is also no real guidance on what to expect in each world. I was completely shocked by the appearance of the dragon that actually hurts you. Otherwise, an excellent game
Azile Syahremmus : Beautiful! Feels like a mobile Breath of the Wild, very fun to explore. The music is amazing, so perfect all the time. Reminds me a lot of Studio Ghibli OSTs. There are only two things I'm not in love with: 1. Flight controls. The flight segments are my fav parts of the game, but a lot of the time it feels like I'm fighting with the camera for control. 2. Seeing other players in cut scenes. It just kills the theatrics most times. Overall, absolutely stunning. Amazed that it's a FREE mobile game.
Duckily ART : Beautiful, breathtaking, creative, nostolgic are all words you could use to describe this game. It's just come out and it's already passed all expectations. The controls can be a little rough but honestly I think it adds to the charm. Definitely a game I want to keep playing. Granted the hardest thing I've learned is getting hearts is super difficult.
Wheatley : This game is pretty much nothing like anything I've seen before. I'm not sure I actually know what I'm doing but somehow I've progressed through number of boards, unlocked some spirit things, learned how to fly longer, and made some friends. All without uttering a single word. It's a little tricky to control the flying, especially upwards, but overall, I've been able to figure most of it out with some patience. I enjoy that they don't spoonfeed you. Provides some challenge. And beautiful.
thy vu : The game encourages working together with other, interacting and creating friendships while exploring. Graphics are beautiful as well. However, certain information can be unclear and I had to do research before understanding the "objective" of the game. There are some glitchy bits here and there but overall it doesn't bother me too much. While some people find crabs and krills annoying, I think it helps bring a lil challenge/difficulty to the game and brings players to work together more ^^
Akirah Crocker : Graphics are amazing. Some imprivements: it would be nice if we could have all the maps we've visited visible and then tap on that map to go to it rather than runnig/flying everywhere to get to the map i want, cause it wouldn't let me get to the first map when I flew back. It'd be nice if we could choose our names so we could find our friends rather than guess. Other than that it's a nice game.
Sarah Plagens : This game is breathtaking. I love the minimal instruction and storyline that lets you just explore and figure things out for yourself,. The social aspect is really nice, you can play the game with others without having to connect to Facebook friends like other games, you the opportunity to pair up with others for as long or as briefly as you like. The only downside is controls, there are some areas where it is impossible to steer!
The Zartsy : Absolutely love this game! The graphics and music are amazing and the storyline is captivating 100/100 UPDATE: HOWEVER my phone died while I was playing and when I was finally able to get back to playing, my entire progress restarted so I had to start ALL over again. It's still my favorite game. It's just discouraging to lose all that and have to start over from the beginning.
K Priya : It is GORGEOUS !!! I love it !!! It's so calming and fun to play. That doesn't mean it's an easy game . I'm at the eye of Eden and it's so hard ! Beautiful animation and sounds . When we fly through the clouds it's so so beautiful ! The controls are a bit hard ,, it needs some getting used to. This game is not at all optimised properly for smartphones. Please work on that. My phone is the latest version and it still crashes or heats up my phone
Lynn Paulus : I was not prepared for the level of awesomeness that this game is. The graphics, simple, but sooo detailed. The play, simple but, takes some getting used to. If I had to recommend any adjustments it's communication with other players. It's very limited to how you can talk, which is why you have emots but there's really not one for "I gotta go suddenly" so. It would be nice to still talk to someone standing next to you or someone you are showing around the area.
L L : edit: gave it 5 stars for the wonderful community, but my point still stands. edit 2: theres been a lot of updates, removing old bugs and features and adding new bugs and features. no comment. end of edits. beautiful but impractical. some of the levels are hard to navigate. the controls are very loose and irritating, and flying is infuriating. but other than that it's pretty cool i guess. <3
M : The game is gorgeous, the graphics are amazing and the cosmetics are well designed. The issue I have with the game is that it takes up a ton of space, I'm not sure if this is in the control of the developers, but everytime theres an update I have to clear more space(I dont have a lot on this device, and the storage is really good usually). The game is also extremely draining, even with the lowest graphics settings possible my battery goes down extremely fast. I hope this can be fixed,I love sky
Sarah Almasco : Overall, I love the graphics. Game play is good, though I'm having a hard time with the motion blur it makes me dizzy sometimes. The controls are kind of hard to use, maybe creating a sensitivity option could help (specially for the flight mode). Also the tutorial is a little too short as some functions can't be seen/done automatically (like I had just figured out how to look for the options and camera after 2 days of playing 😅). And maybe you can also add a feature on the player/char view.
Ella Niemoeller : I love it! This game is incredibly well made; from the stunning graphics to the overall game play, Sky: Children of the Light is a truly wonderful gaming experience. I do have an issue, however. A couple days ago I noticed that my game would close whenever I entered a certain area or when a cutscene started (specifically the cutscenes for the Little Prince event). If the developers could look into it, that would be greatly appreciated. Thanks!
xyny : The game gas great graphics, It's probably one of the best i've played on mobile. I only have one problem: the graphic settings. There is not much freedom to what you want to set your graphic settings to, such as changing the fps limit to 60, changing the level of anti-aliasing, etc. Overall the game is great! I'd love to keep playing it.
Makko Ye : This is a brilliant game! the visuals are lovely, the character design for the spirits and elders is so cool and the seasons are great as well! however, I'm playing on android and every time I go into the vault of knowledge, my game crashes. I don't know why it does this and it would be great if this was fixed. (also the headphone feature on iOS that quientens the game audio while other audio is playing on the device like calls and music doesnt work and I find it a bit odd.)
Papri Mitra : The games absolutely wonderful! quality, sound and everything is amazing. but it would be nicer with a few changes. The fact that I have to go back to home to follow any of my friends is a bit disturbing . Also, a very few rare spirits are very hard to collect like in the valley of triumph... and If you added hair colors it would be wonderful! A few new worlds would also be cool. Nothing else to say, but the game is fantastic really :)
Cirtrine Comet : This is a great game. I love the flying aspects of the game and I love the customization system as well. The music for this game fits with every scene and the art is awesome in its own simplistic way. Although, the controls are a little buggy sometimes. And after hitting someone's candle icon I crashed my game but other than that I love the story and the potential replay value.
AmberSibian : I love the game, it's a whole new experience. I don't know if this is right becuse I've been playing the game for about 2 months.But the designs for the winged-capes are a little boring because the ones that actually change the shape are for events and you need to buy the pass to get them. I've never seen the capes from the pictures on the play store actually in game I hope to see them In the future. I also think there should be more skating emotes and hairstyles.
Rona Awa : The game has beautiful visuals and I love that it encourages playing with other people. 3/5 due to the annoyance of server switching. While with friends, our servers disconnect very frequently and it takes me a while before I can rejoin them again. It ruins the experience because then you spend more time trying to join them instead of enjoying the game together.
Michael AD : The game is great. Nearly perfect. It does suffer from terrible camera angles, excessively unimportant cutscene that you will have to watch time and time again if you want to back track your progress. And the worst part is needing several other people to help you progress past certain parts. There simply aren't that many people around or there are people who troll and not help. Pressing the jump / fly button causes the game to close and the home menu to open
Bridgette Bonglamphone : I love this game! I've had it since it came out and I play it almost everyday. However, there's a lot of new bugs with the update. I'm getting kind of tired of constantly having to come completely out of the game and restarting again. Some of the problems I've been having is the plants and candles not burning so I can't get wax, my joystick or fly button keep getting stuck and I can move them, chat hasn't been working correctly, and recently I haven't been able to warp to any of my friends
RavvenFrame : I wish I could give it a better rating but with a framerate like that, I just can't. It's unfortunate because I'm actually really interested in the story but even with the lowest possible graphic settings it's unplayable for me. The soundtrack and the environments are amazing though. I don't know if I have these problems because of the phone I own (Galaxy S7)or because of something else. Regardless I would still recommend downloading this and at least trying it out to see if it works for you.
Scott Peters : This is a really fun game of adventure and storytelling. It can be played once through or many times through depending on how many of the cosmetic items you want to unlock. Controls are not bad but flying can sometimes be tough and your character will want to slide a lot even when it's a bad time to be sliding. The game will often lock up when sitting in portals, and sometimes you will not be able to burn the dark plants. Closing and reopening the app may help but its a frustrating bug.
Francisco Marujo : Even though it looks like a modified version of Journey, the game seems cool. The thing is I'm not able to play it properly as multi-touch is not working (thus making two handed mode pointless). I'm running the game on a Google Pixel 3a with Android 11 Beta 2.5 but from what I've read in the reviews it seems the controls have issues for a lot of people, regardless of their device. Also, it looks blurry, which is kind of annoying.
Ume Ryoto : To me, the controls are a bit confusing, but overall it's really good. The controls I feel like could improve a little with the flying because it's really hard to turn when flying. And the up coming ones are just suggestions I think would make the game even better, though you dont have to take them if you dont want. Alright, so you have animals in the game, what if you can tame them? Like the crabs would need water and the weird bird like flying creatures would need flowers. Sadly Icant addmore
Adam Wayne : THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE! ! So beautiful and engaging, with intricate details to find and a huge open world to explore. One of my favorite games of all time, and Ive been gaming a long time. I've been connecting a controller and hdmi cable up and playing it on my 60inch TV. However, it attracts a specific personality type. It rewards kindness and really doesn't have many "enemies". The game is built around goals and exploration. Fantastic game!
Godwen Ortea : Amazing concept. It encourages people to help each other and make friends. Its a game that connects people from different places around the world and also brings out the best in everyone. It's graphics and design are very eye pleasing, I bet everyone got hooked in for this reason. There's a lot of things that can be improved, like the plethora of cutscenes, the unmutable background music, and the splitting of the server, but i sincerely say its beautiful in all aspects.
Gabriella Ilena : This game has one of the most beautiful graphics in mobile platform that I have ever seen. Though my phone doesn't meet the minimum specification so the graphics aren't that smooth. 😅 But I can still play and enjoy the beautiful sceneries. I can only imagine how breathtaking it would look on an adequate gadget. Concept is also very interesting, it's heartwarming and relaxing. Also, the music! Simply gorgeous. Love it, great job developers!
edith supat : Extremely stunning! Perfect game to play during quarantine. The story is beautiful and hits you right in the feels. It's very easy to understand even without dialogue. The world is so wide and there's a lot to more explore. Also has a really wholesome community, very nice way to make new friends, complete quests together, play mini games together, play instruments and just chat. Controls can take a bit of getting used to, but overall smooth gameplay. And above all, it's ridiculously free!
Sapphire : The art and animation is absolutely gorgeous, the adventures are fun. It's hard to attain hearts which makes it harder to buy cosmetics. I wish the game was longer and we had more to do besides eye of Eden. Also, I also wished there was more winged lights to level up. Overall, I really enjoy this game. The visuals are outstanding
Arghya Singha Mahapatra : Man, the graphics, the design, the fluidity. everything is so good. Its such an underrated game. Only one thing, the motion blur is okay for flying, but kind of too much when moving camera around while standing still. And also there should be a better tutorial. But for the time being.. It's such a nice experience. Edit: It would be nice to get an offline mode for exploration.
Gina Aguero : This is the most amazing game! Stunning graphics, calming music! I am having so much fun playing this, I wish there more hours in the day. The only thing is I wish there was a button to press to stop skidding. 🤣 I'm a bad flyer and sometimes I barely make it where I'm aiming and then I skid right across the island and fall off. It's frustrating but I'm not very coordinated. Overall, reminds me of Journey (if you've played that game), and that is my all time favorite game. Might be this one soon
XxMini SpyroxX : The controls are a little difficult when flying, but i absolutely LOVE this game! Its graphics and animation are so incredible it's like you're playing a movie. I haven't noticed any bugs, my only issue is with the flying because it can be a bit difficult to control. For once the advertisements of the graphics was not a lie! If you guys like games with massive storyline, I HIGHLY recommend this game!!
Cultivator Ael : The game is great! Beautiful graphics, ambience, and characters. The only problem is that the app apparently has alot of issues when downloading with other phones. It is incompatible with many devices. When people want to play the game they cant because of the incompatibility. I have a friend who eventhough they have an android 10, somehow it says it's not compatible with the device. It would be nice if the game supported more devices. Please fix this as sson as possible so more people can play.
Robin Singh Sandhu : Developer(s) please read the full review. Exceptional sound design and gameplay but there are a few bugs I guess. 1. The sound is not in sync at time with the action happening in the scene. 2. The checkpoints kind of thing is slightly off as in, when I quit and I resume, it doesn't start from where I left but slightly ahead in the story. 3. No exit screen. When I tap back, it quits without prompting. 4. The hints can be explained in a slightly easy ways. Ohh sorry I've reached word limit.
Dave Norman : Start with the major downsides. You can't play with your iPhone friends. There are bugs that leads to losses of an extremely limited resources which you cannot recover. Else: There's just too much to like about this game. It's minimalist graphics are beautiful, with convincing physics and effects. It's an immersive hide and seek in lovely 3D scenes, and a sort of wordless story. The audio is brilliant and add to the mysticism and mystery of the game. Still, the bugs prompted uninstallation.
Jack West : Good for Friends; Maybe Not for Guys. My friend invited me to play this and I've thoroughly enjoyed it. The cosmetics are great and vary quite a bit, but I struggle with finding some to present myself with as a masculine-presenting person. The hair and pant options are mainly fem-presenting, so I find it hard to make myself stand out. It's also repetitive and gets old fast if you don't play with friends. Overall, I enjoy it, but it's a more feminine-appealing game, I think.
Audrey Dalton : OK, so this is an absolutely STUNNING visual experience. My god, you can clearly tell serious time & thought went into that and the music. Unfortunately, that same time didn't go into the controls and instruction. You're just thrown into this with no introduction. By the time you've figured it out properly how things are working you've spent your candles or hearts. The controls are wonky at times. I've gotten stuck "underwater" or "underground" between layers of graphics. Randomly quits too.
Dandelion108 : Its all just so beautiful. The story, the visuals,the character designs, just all of it. The developers did a marvelous job on this master piece, and it'll be one of the few games I actually keep on my phone. Thank you so much for giving us this game!💖💖 Note: There have been some bad glitches happening all over. At one point my sky was flashing with pixels and it wouldn't fix itself. I tried to take a picture but that some how fixed it. I don't know if you guys are fixing it, if not please do.
Savannah Ezzell : Graphics are top notch but I can't get over the lack of direction and lack of control for the character. There are times im not sure where to go and other times like when gathering the spirit stars in the sky/arena area where its almost near impossible to control the character. Its just very frustrating when getting so close to finishing that challenge and your character decides to make a left turn when you controlled it to the right. But all in all its a good game despite the controls.
bradley walker : All I can say is wow! What an absolutely beautiful game, graphically and sound design. Such a relaxing game, it makes a difference from all the action based shoot em and kill em games. If you are looking for an action game then you will be disappointed. However, if you are looking to relax, kick back and play a chill game then this is the one! Thankyou for this experience. Flying controls are a little difficult from time to time and my phone really does heat up while playing. Terrific game!
Anttillo : Incredibly thought out game. My new favorite game. I encountered a weird issue when walking up a steep slope, the walking animation seems off. Also, sometimes flying through the clouds, the controls can feel a bit not responsive or confusing due to the camera angle. All in all, this is an incredible game. Highly recommend from a console, PC, and mobile gamer.
Ajithbatzz : Mind blowing! I can get lost in the environment forever! For everyone looking for a good adventure game that rivals console games in terms of graphics, this is the game for you! Pros are 99 things Con is 1 thing which is the storytelling part. I might be stupid enough to not understand but I think a better way of telling it would make it seem less complicated. Over all 10/10 A Must play!
A B : Definitely one of the best, if not the best, game you can play on your Android today. Beautiful graphics combined with relaxing gameplay complimented by the easy to learn controls. Explore the map and discover pieces of the story this game has to offer, which is pretty good. It can also get challenging at certain points of your journey throughout the world, adding a bit of exciting tension. I'd say, definitely worth a shot if you're looking for an actual game to play.
Svyatoslav Posenytskyy : I don't say this about a lot of games, but the amount of work, production, graphics, design, controls, ideas etc., that went into this game must have crazy. The gameplay is relaxing and fun, but also addicting. The graphics are off the scale for mobile games. I only got like 2 small bugs, but considering it was just released, that's fine. I am incredibly surprised this game is free, as I would have paid at least $5, maybe even $10 for this. Thank you so much developers!!!
A Pineapple : This is the first time I've ever gone out of my way to write a review about a game, it's beautifully immersive from the complementive ambient audio tracks to the beautifully animated graphics that really give you that feeling of being able to really interact with the world. Game features Intuitive controls with an emphasis on relationships and teamwork without text communication (for the most part). I can't complain about in-game purchases as I'm lucky to play this master piece on phone FREE!
Silver Wolf 14 : Beautiful and amazing concept and game. I love the music and colors. It all flows, and it's almost just, I don't have words. Puzzles weaved throughout fun and satisfying collection. The game runs smoothly too; very little lag if any at all (I have Samsung Note 9). Definitely would recommend for any age, though some puzzles may need a little more thought for a younger audience.
Imogen Hansen : the only issue I have is that it can be so glitchy sometimes, which is a problem in the realms where you need to move quickly. and I'd also suggest a private mode or something, so your friends cant warp to you. I like playing with friends but sometimes if I'm trying to collect candles or wings I like going solo. other than that it's an amazing game and I'd definitely recommend it
Dan George : Great visuals and amazing open world mobile game play. Sounds are great although a bit repetitive. What annoys me most is the controls. They're super buggy. Also there needs to be more instructions. There isn't any particular purpose. I've been playing for 3 days now and I have no idea what I'm collecting everything for. And also regarding the lost child of lights. Rather than it being random. It would be better if it was removed in the order from the last that it was collected.
Sean McLemore : I'm confused as to what's happening and I've never been more delighted to try and parse the events of the game as they unfold. What a positively endearing experience even five minutes of Sky can be. Delightful from the whimsical sound design to the gorgeous visuals that would hold up even on traditional gaming platforms. The controls can prove difficult to maintain a grasp on but the forgiving and simplistic design do their best to sidestep the issue. All in all, a lovely experience.
dumb !! : I've been playing it for months and it's truly a wonderful game. The graphics are amazing even tho my phone isn't 100% compatible. I have JUST updated it and i can't see anything. I can see my wing status and controls and sound is there but the screen behind it all is black. It's like I'm blind. I'm able to move and enter other lands but i can't see anything. Please, I'd appreciate it if someone fixed this or told me how to fix it myself.
Joe Bonds : Graphics are Great. Animation is great. I like the exploration side of it. However, no real story, very little conflict to resolve at the beginning of the game, controls take some getting use to, definitely not user friendly, and the multiplayer aspect is limited(you can chat, but only with friend list, and VERY difficult to group up to play together(probably my biggest complaint))
Divinephobia : an amazing game - its really helped my mental state during this stressful time. I get very emotional whenever I complete storm/EoE and go into Orbit, it just gives you a sense of going home after a long journey, in a way. I love the nonlinear progression, allowing you to explore and come back to things whenever. The graphics and the music just draws you in and wraps you up in this amazing world. I hope the players experiencing bugs get it all sorted soon so they can play this game as intended!!
Asti : phenomenal game, amazing atmosphere. one note is that I had trouble finding my friend in game. It took me half an hour to realize there's a hidden HUD that can be pulled up by touching the corner of the screen. Perhaps I missed a Tip, if I didn't I'm letting the developers know now. Also, I experienced a graphical glitch at one point rendering the game unplayable. Restarting fixed this.
Keale Petersin : This game is absolutely beautiful! The graphics are amazing, the visuals are stunning, the gameplay is fun and interesting, the soundtrack is so relaxing and it's adorable. You can hold the hands of other players who you meet if you team up so that automatically gets it a plus in my books. Definitely recommend and look forward to it coming to consoles this summer!
Nicole : This game is STUNNING. And loads of fun. Not too difficult nor too easy, perfect for someone who is at or above casual playing. Controls aren't bad once you get used to them. Can occasionally be a little confusing on what you're supposed to do but exploring is so enjoyable that it doesn't feel like a chore. This is one game where I'm not in a rush to get to the finish line. The writers, visual AND sound/music artists ALL get an 11/10 from me! What an absolute work of art guys well done.
jolie : i really love the art and the music in this game, all super high quality! my only issue is that flying is difficult to control. it would be easier if i could turn with the right instead of just looking around. current controls makes it easy to get lost. also difficult to differentiate jumping and flying. this is rlly frustrating.
Andjelika Drobnjak : Absolutely mind blown! It looks stunning, the art style is so cute and detailed, the storyline is very interesting and full of sparkly details which I really like. The design and the simplicity of the controls makes it such an attention worthy fantasy game to play. One thing that I don't like is that you can't select the gender of the character, set your name and hairstyle, color, eyes etc. In other words, I'll be sure to keep playing your games that'll hopefully appear in the future.💝
Dan Keeley : Man, what a cool game, especially for mobile. I want to give it 5 stars, but I have a brand new phone and it's already struggling with the app. After a certain point, the phone can no longer handle it (Eye Of Eden) and crashes. I can't get past this level because of it. I'd love for adjustments to be made to the game so most phones can handle it. HOWEVER, it's a really fun and neat game with an interesting plot.
ffu66 : I think the game itself is great. I mean, it's the company that made Journey which I really loved. So why doesn't the graphic match with the android?? I got moto and it's saying it's not compatible. All my other apps/game works perfectly fine, only this one has compatibility issue. Please fix it. And also have skip button for cutscenes. First time player would love to watch them, but not over and over again. It just halts the flow of the game. Also stop having tips popping up
Katriella Nadie : Having a lot of fun so far! A few things though 1. It's unfortunate that the distant chat boxes and the "calling symbol" stay on screen during cutscenes. It takes away from the experience a bit. 2. Controls take a bit getting used to, and even then it's sometimes difficult or finicky. 3. Some symbols are a little confusing? You can guess, but it would be nice to be certain. I'll probably look up a key/guide or something later. 4. So far, it seems that candles are very hard to earn... Oh well.
Deva Storm : Ok, I really love the game! 🤗 The only thing I would change is to add more cosmetics that make us look more cool and human. I do wish that there was some form of combat too. The sense of danger is only imminent with those dark flying things. It would be nice to have some kind of projectile ability and get randomly attacked on particular maps, by creatures that materialize out of nowhere. I really hope they make this happen. Anyway, gj.
Kharnyx : I've finally figured this game out fully. It's still astoundingly fantastic, but it'd be cool to have some bigger wings. To have this impressive draping wing as you soar across the stratosphere. Also, the recharge time on the Fallen in the Eye of Eden is pretty damn long. I'm playing this game all the time and I always build up loads of Winged Light, but it all goes to waste. And since there's a music aspect to the game, painting might be a good idea too.
金云 : Free to play definitely in my opinion. Game's not dominated by p2w although if you're really into it over time, it's not a problem spending some. From personal experience, you can get a lot of in game stuff by your own skills. Also, the game has aesthetics and the graph. I took a lot of good screenshots. Very photogenic. (Spoilers; my favorite is the Vault) Ps. The community is really friendly! I can always find a helpful player to help me through something
Chloe Zheng : This is game is so cute and aesthetic :^) my only complaint would be the placement of the menus. I find the chat box always popups by accident when I'm trying to move. It's annoying when I'm in a harder area (such as the Wastelands or Eden) because I end up getting hit by something and losing stars :^/ Otherwise, I love it! The graphics and music are beautiful!
Camron Thompson : The graphics are amazing, reminds me of a similar game(kinda) called Alto's Adventure. I've only ran into two technical difficulties, being that sometimes all the text would disappear, and a few crashes. These have only happened recently, though, and haven't been that big an issue, more an interuption. A personal issue I have is that I can't tell what people are saying, and it all shows up as "..." I'd like to know how this could be fixed. I'm not sure if it's me or not.
Khari Secario : This is the most breathtaking game I've been playing. Kind of reminds me with Zelda BOTW, so many places you can explore. Plus side is stunning graphics of the sky and calming music. Even I often try to find best spot to see the view and listen to the BGM. Minus: control not really accurate, UI not user friendly. I barely know "hidden" menu after unintentionally clicked the corner of the screen. Also please change the position of screenshots button. It's easily pressed when you try to jump.
Mei Heriawaty : It is really great! And i can't describe how amazing this game is with just words. the graphics are amazing, the story behind all this are amazing, although the controller are a bit confusing at first and sometimes the camera are glitch out or out of place, but other than that it's amazing. And could still has a reason to play even after finished it until the end thanks to events and daily tasks.
John Foy : The world is magical and immersive. The story is great. The players are great. There is no pay to win so that is a massive plus. Also there are absolutely zero ads, which is a rare thing in modern games. You can support the game by buying candles(which you use to make friends) but can still get em' naturally. Emotes are neat. The flying truly takes your breath away. The friend system is awesome and interactive. Overall best mobile experience I have ever had! 10/10 will continue playing forever!
Álisson B : Phenomenal, an amazing experience I can barely describe. At first I was skeptical about how it would play on mobile, but it is fantastic; From the visuals, to the animations (Which are better than some AAA games), from the majestical soundtrack to the charming interaction with other players. Never have I enjoyed so much holding hands with a stranger. It's free, just download it already; You won't regret it. The minimal requirements are wrong, you can play with less than that. Overall, 5 stars.
Aina Yasmin : From the graphics to the story, I love how simple yet intriguing the whole game is. The overall gameplay is easy, with the few exceptions that you have to do some things with a friend. However, I realized that whenever I try to play the Hidden Forest stage, the game just lags and crashes. I hope this issue can be fixed soon.
Edward M : I originally downloaded the game to have a calming gameplay with my friends during quarantine, however the gameplay got rather distasteful once it got to the Eye of Eden. I am not a fan of games like that and if I had known I wouldn't have gotten it. It also gets boring once you've completed all the levels. The graphics are very stunning and I thoroughly enjoyed the scenery. The flying mechanics are hard to navigate. I think if it was more of an open world type game I would have enjoyed it more.
CrimsonWaffle : This is one of the best games on mobile. It has good exploration, secret areas, optional stuff to do, and good game mechanics. My one thing holding me back from calling it perfect is that it doesn't stick to its mechanics from world to world. One minute you have limited time in the open and the next you're snowboarding. That combined with the fact than the worlds aren't very long make it seem unfinished and like more of a tech demo than a game. However, this doesn't make it not fun. Good job.
Milo ßł : I do like the graphics, cool character outfits and all the expressions. It's a sooth and relaxing game. There are still many things to do with friends even though you explore the whole map, reborn many times, got alot of candles and start fooling around with the dragon and all. Overall, it's a nice game. But I noticed that the price of some specific items keeps raising across time, not affordable(with my condition). It would be lovely if they were cheaper. :)
Aryan Gupta : A new type of multiplayer, no need to hurry, play at your own pace, infinite retries, relaxing but also provides challenges at many points during the gameplay, has a large beautiful map to explore. Although there are many glitches in the game, it is a very good experience. Please allow more players to be together in a room/area, it would make the game more joyful.
Andrew Bishop Jr. : Overall the game is absolutely AMAZING! I've been playing beta for about 6 months and couldn't wait for live! The only problem is lag is a pretty big problem and sometimes gets so bad that it's hard to play. I don't understand I have Android 9.0 and 3gb's of Ram but lag is definitely a problem for me. Other than that it's amazing. Just wish that could be fixed.
osammi : Very beautiful game. Incredibly beautiful graphics and sound choosing. It's... Wow. The controls are eh, but once you get the hang of it, they're pretty easy to use. Please, please! Optimize the game for Android! My phone meets all the requirements necessary for this game, yet it crashes and lags ever so often, it even prohibits me of going to certain places because of the constant crashing! Please optimize. Everything about the game is incredible. But it needs to be stabilized for Android...
Landro Cru : I do like the graphics of this game, and the fact that it encourages socializing without having to share personal info. However, I find the task for item collection repetitive and somewhat boring once you know where everything is, and even if you don't. I felt like I was on a scavenger hunt with few eximent. I would like more ways to play with the random ppl, other than graving em them by the hand to take en around. Overall it's an interesting outtake, but gets boring quick.
Scientia - The Science : Awesome game, super environment. To be specific, it is a ln open world game and the best one I have ever seen in mobile. However, I would tell you that if your phone has a bit low hardware configuration, then this game might look a bit less detailed. Though, once you start playing, you become so addicted that even the graphics don't matter. The game has so many worlds and so many options and storyline is thrilling also it is very good to relieve stress. However, Please work on the controls
james howarth : Love the game only a couple things need tweaking 1. The flying controls need to be a little better and if you hit a cloud it bounces you off of it into a different direction all while your trying to correct the direction as well and you go round in circles for a while. 2. The souls do glitch sometimes. 3. There should be a way to start in the middle of the map instead of going from the beginning. 4. You should remove the souls you've already helped so you don't do them twice.
viola kwan : I love the whole experience although sometimes it told me that my internet connection is bad so it can't connect... but my internet is fine... which is why i'm confused. The art is really beautiful though with vibrant color. And the movement is fluid like... it's really easy to control. Overall amazing game but definetly need a little bit improvement
Micaela Basham : I am an andriod user and been playing the game for 7 months. In this game you can explore, hang out with friends, and relax. This app is not at all difficult to use, the controls are easy to figure out it only takes 2 or 3 days to get used too. The graphics and the amount of detail in this game is awesome! There are little no bugs and if there is any the developers will fix it asap. Only warning is to make sure you have friends since most features require having friends. Overall, fantastic game!
Prast Putra : PROS: +The game is awesome. +The graphics is top notch. +The gameplay is fun. +Controls could be wonky at some point, but tolerable. +Story is short but you can replay as much as you wanted. + Reminds me a lot of Journey. Cool. CONS: - Can only be run on Android 8+ (if I'm not mistaken), so the downside is the compatibility. -Sometimes you can't burn the darkness, which is annoying. -Sudden blackscreen after entering next area at some point. Need to restart the game to fix it.
Atticus : Absolutely beautiful and stunning, graphics are a 5 stars for sure, the controls could use a little bit more work, same goes for the camera movements. This game has a decent amount of bugs and glitches, some are minor, some are straight up game-breaking. The storyline is incredible, however, after you're done with the story, there's nothing else for you to do, so you might wanna invite a friend or two to play with you Edit: Disregard what I've said, game is a 5 stars for sure!
Joshua Jeffries : A beautiful game, it has a heartfelt environment and immersive gameplay. Edit: wish to express that i wish for the team to expand the graphics for other devices such as phones and other such. Also wish for the team to make an effort to make this game cross platform playable. I see that this game has a lot of potential and if they manage to widen the platforms that it could be played on, I can guarantee that the fan base and it's community would grow further. PC, PS4, Xbox.
Jadon Markle : Overall fun game. It has a large open world and decent to very nice graphics. It runs pretty well on older or budget phones despite having very large worlds, showing how much care the team put into making the game friendly towards a large range of phones. I found that the controls can be infuriating at times, but it's mobile so I gave it slack there. Some of the worlds do feel a bit empty at times. I would highly recommend this to anyone who just enjoys exploring and having fun with friends.
Emma Storey : This app is stunning. Every moment of it is beautiful and calming. I find the last level to be tricky (which is what I want in a game) and the other levels build up in difficulty. You can make friends who can help you to find more spirits and in turn, you can help others when you are more able to. The visuals and music together gives me chills and I think that this game may be the best one I have downloaded. Expertly done. Thank you.
Dean Locke : Amazing game, it is beautiful and the graphics are amazing. The music is so pretty and I would rate it 5 stars because I can't possibly see any issues with this game. However when I'm trying to fly to certain places for example: when I was trying to get to the Hidden Forest which is under the clouds, it kept being so uncooperative because whenever I wanted to go down and straight it wouldn't work it would keep trying to turn around and go back to the starting point. This causes major frustration
G RAI : Pros - Beautiful game I've come across. I liked the concept of the game and the storyline is pretty. Quality and designing of the game is very well done. The ending of the story where there is going to be being reborn is mesmerising for all the senses. Cons - The game keeps crashing. It's clumsy. The movement with the camera view is not as good it was initially. Drains the charge.
Ivan Cipta : Beautiful. I really love to explore world by flying. One problem though, would you consider making music setting, please? Sometimes the backsong is problematic. Don't get me wrong, the music is great. But sometimes it's too loud. Like from dead silence to "BAM!" because i put the volume on full to hear the effect sound, until i move, and the music cover other. But great game nonetheless, it's fun to have friends, leading them or being led is fun. Love it
Chris Doan : This game is a delightful experience that everyone should try. The music compliments the art style and really helps set the atmosphere as you traverse the simple yet visually appealing areas. Gameplay is simple but still satisfying especially thanks to the music and sound effects. You will be flying around, looking for collectibles that will help increase your flying ability or unlock new gestures and cosmetics. The game provides a decent amount of challenge when it comes to finding everything
Nela Ion : This game is indescribable amazing. I can tell it's been inspired from Journey game, but it brought down to mobile the experience to a new level. The controls are super easy, the music and visuals are out of this world beautiful. The fact that it is multiplayer makes it even more exciting! Congrats to the developers and designers. Putting a story in a world with no dialogue is insanely hard, and your story is touching and smooth. - signed, a game design student.
Evi Ivanova : I love this game, I think it is so beautiful and amazing. So creative, I mean the music is just, it transfers you to a completely different world and that is like half of the game, half of the entire incredible experience. I mean unbelievable. But lately I have had some huge problems with the game, like when I play with my friends we hop to different servers randomly all the time and after we can't teleport to one and another and we have to entirely rejoin the game. It is really frustrating.
Basel Leon AL QUTAYFANI : Wow, I am impressed like a lot... I never thought that there would be a game on phone that can compete with PC games... But oh boy, I was wrong. This game is wonderful, the music, the sound effects, the graphics, the details, the ideas, the gameplay,... and also we can FLY, wOw, Thia game is going to be the game of the year for sure. A word for the developers, I know a game with this amount of details is going to have issues, but please work on the flow of the game, sometimes it gets laggy.
Umer Ahmed : One of the best mobile games I have played so far. Really well executed. The gameplay evokes a sense of mystery and exploration. You get to meet players from world over and there is a sense of cooperation and helping each other out which is great. At times one does feel a little lost but then it feels like a part of the game. Nothing pushing you to rush anywhere yet you want to explore more and more. Thank you for this. And guess what, no ads... :D There are microtransactions, but by choice.
Samantha Lott : It was a fun game to experience and explore but the storyline is really lacking. It very hard to interpret what the story is. The controls are not as tight with flight being very hard to steer at times. It's not made clear that once you get to Edan, it's a total restart. You loss all your wings. There really isnt a reason to continue playing once you reach the end because it's just a repeat of a short game with cosmetics for your character. It's very beautiful and the music is amazing.
Tribhuvan Sai Mandapalli : Completed the game with some zones unexplored. This was by far the best mobile game I've ever played. So impressed with this one that I've decided to put up a review (which I don't do). 1. Excellent background score. 2. Stunning and eye candy visual. 3. A game that has something or the other left to explore even if you've finished. 4. The concept of using a team to open up few zones is great, I couldn't try it until the ending though. 5. NOT AT ALL BORING!
Jessie Lei : The graphics are good and some of the music is decent, and at first this game is really fun. It does, however, have a few major problems for me. First, it becomes very repetitive after several months. You find yourself farming currency everyday. Second, what is up with the camera? It is ALWAYS moving on its own so you can't see where you're going. Very annoying. And third, the cutscenes make me wanna murder everything! Need option to disable.
j : This game is amazing. I love the graphics and how realistic it is and the controls are easy to learn. Also there is a stage where the theme is green and black. In that stage there is this creepy dark creature which really scares me and if you go into the blue light it starts to flash with red and then it attacks you. It might freak me out but I love it and a warning is that it is kinda hard to pass with that monster always attacking you. But I really really love this game. I recommend it to you.
Kien Nguyen : great game with zero p2w elements and a really well-designed interaction system. The world is beautiful and the music is evocative. There is just one big issue, the controls are very clunky on touch screen. The joypad doesn't seem to register the correct direction most of the time and I have to strain my finger since it keeps sliding away. Also the app is buggy. It won't start after the first time and requires me to reset my phone to be able to play every time. Not sure what's going on.
Jeje : Its beautiful game, and I like it. Everything is great but no with the control, the control is difficult, sometimes i lost my control in the air I will fly no control, boosting when I dont want to, etc. Especially the analog, the analog is difficult to control. I mean THERE IS NO EVEN THE SETTING "FIXED POSITION FOR THE ANALOG". Please make the control more easy to play. Thank you
eu nice : I have really been hooked into the game! I love that instead of a tutorial, we are supposed to explore on our own which gives each individual their own unique experience of the game. The cosmetics are great, love the new update of the Sanctuary. By the way, I also like the musical instruments, easy to use for noob music players like me HAHAHA. Overall, really great game! RECOMMENDED! DOWNLOAD NOW PEOPLE! 👍👍😍
money - ish : Really loved this game a lot, the game is really fun and beautiful. The story , the graphics and movements everything is great and i love the new challenges which are super hard but the problem is most of the things are for money, you have to buy some things so you could make your character look cool and it's understandable why it's priced but the problem is it's expensive, even the pass is too damn expensive. Please make the game pass cheaper so everyone could buy and enjoy the game as well.
Nathan Lee : The game is amazing and the graphics are stunning. However... I have a few issues. 1. It drains my battery. This was expected because the game is so big and has amazing graphics. 2. My phone overheats because of sky. I have resorted to putting my phone into the refrigerator to play longer. 3. The controls have bugs (I.e. camera glitch, server splitting) 4. I am unable to transfer data from my old phone to my new one. Please help me transfer my data. Thanks! Edit: I transfered my account!
HollowedMoons : Despite people saying the controls are wonky (which you get used to fast) and how the game crashes (i dont have that problem) its such a breathtaking game. It tells a story with only images and music and makes me want to play every minute of it. I absolutely love the multiplayer aspect and its really fun to play with other people! One of my favourite games!!
Dobbin : This is a really fun game just to pass time and explore their world, it is a pretty demanding game so it can cause it to be slow and use a lot of the battery, but still a cool experience. Although I did fall through the map and got stuck for a little bit when trying to change the hair, just ran through the wall. Was very epic.
Sanket Gupta : Ok, so this game definitely has a lot of potential. But since it is newly released it has just as many bugs. Noticed a few issue while playing this, the first being the controls sometime stop working. Like you can't move the character or the camera, no jumping or flying. Second , the graphics, it can be beautiful, but currently, it's not. The visuals get a lot pixelated while doing stuff like flying in the clouds or chasing memories. I will wait and see the developer's response to this feedback
CornedbeefPotatoes : Visually stunning and an art work mare into a game. Every location is breathtaking and no moment in the game is boring; even when you're on standby, the view is enough to keep you satisfied. The community is friendly and many co-players help beginners find their wings. I just find it hard to maintain airborne because in some areas my avatar keeps gliding down, but maybe I just have to get good. Well recommended game. I'm looking forward to exploring more of what the company is about to offer.
Jasmine Carson : This game is so peaceful,I often play when I need to relax. I love the seasons, currently writing this while waiting to finish downloading the season of prophecy update! It's astonishingly beautiful and fun. My main problems come with some in game prices being quite high, but they're not essential to gameplay. And the occasional bug such as getting stuck in the underground area of forest when I try to leave. Ignoring the very few bugs, this game is gorgeous! I hope to enjoy more lovely seasons!
Elva Inz : I love the graphic, music and idea of the game. But the controlling part is so difficult! I got stuck at a place where I need to jump off light creatures & I couldn't make it for 2 hours! I keep falling down & is a waste of time to keep goin back & try to jump again. Also I accidentally change from 2 hands control to one hand & now is nowhere to change back. I would love to continue with this game if only they can make it easier to control & understand!
Varisht Ghedia : Really beautiful graphics. Device does get a bit warm after some time though. The default settings are set to 30 fps, do change them to 60fps for a much better experience (assuming your device supports it). I've been waiting for a long time for a game like this. Android gaming is finally getting better and getting the good stuff as well.
Silhouette Sunsets : This is perhaps the most beautiful game on this platform, i really really want to give it 5 stars but the game crashes on so many instances it becomes hard, especially in maps like forest and afterwards. Its a lovely experience hampered only by the frequent crashes. I don't know if it is a problem only for me. This game is still worth playing. Thank you!
Lulu : Simply amazing, the visuals, sountrack everything is amazing. But be careful if you're gonna make an in app purchase, if you buy a season pre order be aware that by the time the season arrives and if you don't like the cosmetics it'll be too late to get a refund! (From personal experience btw!) Minus that, the game is spectacular!
Diane C : The game is phenomenaly beautiful and the graphics are subpar but I do have a minor issue with the game. It is slightly buggy when it comes to the contols as well as trying to unlock everything with the candle. Also, the save points and returning home no longer works for me. I would have to exit the game and start over which is slightly annoying.
Ann : Ι love this game. The graphics are amazing (they can be a bit laggy on older devices), the music is out of this world. The plot is perfect and although the game takes 3-4 hours to finish, you dont get tired and keep on playing again and again every day. I could not suggest it to you enough! (But please add muting the music as a choice in the game :) )
Elise Money : Looks like a fun and beautiful game. Gunna hold off on playing it until some more updates happen though. Can't even make it through the beginning before it bugs out and is unplayable. Audio files aren't downloading and it won't let me proceed. It isn't an internet issue. Very excited to play this game once it's running a little smoother, though.
carissa :[ : When I first started playing, the game was fun and addictive. It's visuals and exploration were amazing. I would've given it four stars but lately, there's been so many bugs and server problems that I have encountered, server cuts, server errors, lags, flying through objects (i.e. the ground or walls) and it's gotten really annoying. I think that if many of these problems were fixed then it would improve gameplay by a lot.
Gabriel Cruz : Pieces of light(candles) and hearts takes too much time to get. There's also a limit how much you get a day. It will take a week or a few months for you to unlock all cosmetics. I hope it's easier to get all collectibles because the way they eat time is too much. The gameplay is great, it tells a story without using words. I have a few issue, might delete the game due to difficult farm of currency. But the experience is great, it's memorable and worth playing. I still give a 5 star for this.
Abbey Lancaster : I love this game personally, it is so beautiful the graphics are very pretty along with the music. Though I can say that the controls for flying mess me up sometimes and for some reason I'll be spun around and forced into going the wrong way until I can finally get my character to turn back around and the prices for some things (paying with in game currency) are pretty expensive, but nevertheless its still a good game and I would so recommend
Achint Thakkar : I absolutely loved the game, the scenes and animations were fantastic and I would recommend this to my friends. However the only part of the game that I feel could be improved is the fact you need to give up your winged light and start again from scratch in order to progress and get wing buffs. Also the fact that you can lose your wind buffs is especially annoying. Except for that I loved the game and every part of it.
D Lee : 4.5/5 The game controls are fairly well developed - there are occasional glitches that occur but nothing that takes away from the overall experience. The quests keep you on your toes but sometimes it can be a chore... I'm still rather invested in the game because the visuals are absolutely fantastic and I would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys discovery-type games!
Tayen Manuel-Newton : Fantastic game that I have to say is legitimately relaxing to play. Stunning visuals and audio (I agree that music does make up a large majority of gameplay experience). When it comes to controls, I have never been a fan of touchscreen "joysticks" if you will but I was pleasantly surprised to find that this game supports the use of the PS4 controller. This compatibility makes the game much easier to navigate and gives you more screen real-estate. Good work devs!
Perry Merrity : Sky is fun. If you've played Journey, you'll recognize similar motifs and themes and experience them in a new way, but by the time you make it to the last level it feels a bit too familiar. It still has a charm to it, especially if you can get past the flying mechanics that are annoying on occasion. Interacting with others is fun for about 5 seconds before they run off in another direction to never be seen again. You can customize your character at the expense of repetition or real money 🙃
Abby. D : It's an incredible game so far, really! The music and simplicity in the graphics are beautiful and in it's own sense, intricate. This truly is a game worth 5 stars! My only reason for this review being 4 stars is the overheating it causes. My phone would get really hot and as a safety precaution, it would close the app itself and instruct me to try again when my phone cooled down. Also the controls, they perfectly workable as is, however, they feel loose and difficult. Great game though!😌💯
Alsev Diamond : Incredibly beautiful game.There is more to explore than I thought.Good story, great gameplay, big maps to explore over and over again.The only issues I've had are that the game eats up my battery very quickly and some little bugs here and there, but nothing game-breaking. Also,when I link an account it doesn't save my progress on that account,so if I delete the game and install it again,I have to progress through the story all over again.
Maria Lourdes Delos Santos : Such a great game!!!! The flying controls can be quite hard but you'll get used to it the more you play. The story is great too. Finding spirits are fun, because as you look for them you'll get to experience the environment too. The music adds more impact to your gameplay so I advice using headset or earphones. Overall it's a fun adventure game!!!
Rune Valdez : I rated it 5* the first time because what was not to love? The graphics was beautiful and flying was a childhood dream of mine. The difficulty was increasing at a good curve. At no point in the main game do you get bored and exploring the world was both inspiring and rewarding. The social aspect was also fun albeit a little frustrating at times. It becomes a little repetitive after the main game unless you spend a bit every once in a while but would still 100% recommend.
Selina Tham : Before the update of the app, it was going smoothly. After the update, I've encountered quite a few bugs. The app keeps crashing everytime when i entered a new territory. Can't even last long to play with friends since they keep disappearing after some time and have to restart the destination again. The game control on left side will start to lag after long period of playing the game. Hope you can clear all the bugs. 1 star extra is given for the nice graphic.
Mansiv Farhan : It is really fun as an open world game. The sceneries were really good and feel like a console quality graphics for a moment. But what that bothers me is the graphics demand of it. You can't play it unless your phone supports very high graphics. Overall, it is a great game. The storyline, graphics, characters, natures all was at it best.
[GD] ottothegamer : It's fun, relaxing, beautiful art style combine with beautiful graphics, and you can meet random player that might be your future friends. It's just a great game. I do have two things that I really dislike, the camera and the jumping. I don't really need to say that much about these two problems, you guys probably knew why I dislike them. Although it's very very annoying, it doesn't make me want to rage quit and delete the app. Overall, really fantastic game. I definitely recommended this
Ntk_ : I love this game, the only two things that bother me are: 1. When you lose a winged light it's really hard to find it back. Maybe you could add a place where you can see how many winged lights you need left and in which realm they are. For example: you can find it in the realm map or you'll see the left winged lights on the portals (not in an original order) 2. A better tutorial, when I first started the game I didn't really understand it, I needed a youtube guide to understand the game an 100%
Zurina Abdul : Love the game as it has amazing graphics, storyline & events. But after the recent update, glitches are more frequent and camera panning are crazy making it difficult to control movements. What's worst is, the game crashes everytime after cut scenes upon entering different realms. So basically, I'm unable to play anymore. Thought it was just me but read reviews of others experiencing the same. Please fix this.
Siti Munirah Mohd Shahid : I love love love this game so much! It's breathtakingly beautiful and I got quickly got addicted to it. The controls are a bit hard to master.. I like the simplified settings option but sometimes you just need some more options in the settings (?) Sometimes some areas does glitches out and I would get stuck under a map or inside a mountain or the whole area wouldn't load and keep glitching.
Arief Musa : Graphic's wonderful, soundtrack's great, sound design good, gameplay's fun, there are some bugs here and there. One that really annoys me: the two person's door where each have to lit the two things to open, for some reason when someone lit the thing on one side I can't interact with the thing on the other side (the interact button doesn't show up)... but then it somehow opens after a few moments even tho it was only lit on one side
Mic : Sky is a beautiful game, the graphics are simple yet colourful and interesting. The background story of the game is mysterious, and has dark undertones (literally). The way you have to unlock chat with other players you don't know is an interesting implementation, but also a nice safety one. However, Sky is buggy to point it becomes unplayable at times, the high device requirements seem unnecessary for it's simple graphics, and the controls are difficult, and the game becomes repetitive quickly
Ack : This game is very enjoyable. It's replay value is very high as well, with areas that the player has to return to when they get later power ups. Though I do have a bit of an issue with the controls, more specifically when the mc is flying. The controls become janky and the camera becomes shaky. Another problem is the frame rate, as sometimes it makes my device glitch or crash because of it. Even though it has it's flaws, I'd still consider it a good game though. That's a 4 star rating from me.
armando robles : It's so good. I always keep an eye to mobile games just to see if something good might ever come by and I think this is a really good one. The game so far reminds me of Journey, just as beautiful and just as captivating. The controls seem smooth flying might be a little janky but not a bad experience, what little I've played with audio, the audio seems excellent and I really like the mechanic of having others help you to achieve something, I do want more of that but with better ways to get help
Claire May : An absolutely beautiful game. It's fantastic but the final area 'eye of eden' is really intimidating and some what hard to complete. (Maybe for the final level there could be a difficulty selection, the higher you go the more rewards you can receive, so that people new to the game don't have to struggle so much but still have to improve their skills to get better rewards). Thank you for this adorable game. I don't think I will ever uninstall this game. 😊♥️✨
Chloe Tan : Fun to play but better with friends. It might get boring if you play alone but it's still very enjoyable! The graphics are amazing and they have different events that give more acess to various accessories! However some of the clothing items that are limited need real currency. Other than that it was pretty fun! I reccomend this for players who want a straightfoward goal, storyline and graphics. 💕 I hope the creators create more levels though, as it is boring after completion.
spicy nori : I think the graphic is great and the backsound is soothing. The only problem now is sometimes I encounter bugs in Golden Wasteland. Like when I come to one area from another area, the screen sometimes went blank. I tried to restart the app and go to that last spot (from Home button) but I'll encounter the same error again. So I have to start running again from first area of Golden Wasteland.
Renchii : I love the game! It's really relaxing and I really love the background music. Especially the graphics, it's wonderful. Although, the game does has some bugs, of course. It isn't really extremely awful, but pretty troubling. Sometime, when I'm forging the candle, it doesn't actually gave me it. Also, there's a new bug where sometimes the screen is stuck on one place and I cannot move it. I can move it again after some time but it's pretty annoying. Overall, it's a pretty good game.
Devils Advocate : I love ThatGameCompany, but I have to change my review for this game. They delivered a beautiful and immersive experience. But there are issues. The flight controls can be rough. There are many group oriented puzzles that players very clearly don't understand or ignore; leaving a sense of lack of accomplishment, as for myself, I never got to see these completed. The 'Eye of Eden' is littered with frustrating collision and physics issues and was the icing on the cake as to why I stopped playing.
Ethan Lockhart : the game was cool, relaxing, and all-out challenging. on the other hand it kept crashing whenever i enter some areas of the Golden Wasteland. also the graphics were not as anticipated with the trailer. i tried to change it in the settings, but it was still low quality, idk?? lastly, is about the controls when flying it's more difficult to steer when in flight mode so i tend to phase through walls and get stuck. all in all the game was really great especially the music and sound effects.
Marceline : It's alright! When I first started to play this game, I was completely in awe with the graphics and music! Absolutely outstanding. The dynamic was also great, I was fairly excited to play. However, the controls for me have lowered the bar. I used the two-handed controls, and the game continued to steer my character in odd directions, as well as the camera view shifting too much. I hope my feedback helps! This may not be the same case for everyone.
katymei : I don't usually rate apps, but Sky is one of the single most enjoyable things I've ever played. Its graphics and soundtrack are absolutely enchanting, the controls and goals are intuitive, and the kingdoms are amazing and fun to explore. Sky may not be perfect, but I honestly think this is as close to perfection as you can get. The vision and execution of its worlds and message is incredible and heartwarming. It's a feel-good game and I'll never uninstall. Keep up the good work!
Jay Snow : Beautiful game overall and I was having a great time... Until I had to deal with multiplayer. There's no way to turn it off to my knowledge and so I am forced to watch little grey specks run around all around me and flood the places I have to be. The thing the ruins it for me though would be the fact that I walk into a level and it's almost instantly finished. I haven't truly been able to play the game, only fly around and then watch for 2 seconds before moving onto the next level.
Mickey Johnson : This game is very well designed in very aesthetically pleasing. It's beautiful and fun to play, besides the controls being frustrating. I'm playing on a tablet, so the whole experience is that much better. Playing on a phone would be very difficult, and may be very hard to load the game. Since it is a very big game it seems. So far everything is free and the game downloads each world as you go. There are other players in real time who You can make friends with and play with at your own pace!
Ellie Panagiotaki : When I first tried the game it was love at first sight. The graphics are incredible, the story is exciting, the scenery - lovely. Now, I give it 4 because it appeared this game is not for ME. It becomes more challenging, and though you don't compete against other players, you compete against the computer. I was hoping it'd be a chilled, relaxing game, but having dragons that eat my level progress in pitch dark is pointless and stressful. It'd be thoughtful if the game had a relaxed mode.
Randy Rattansingh : Their games are always a spiritual experience. Spiritual successors to flower and journey for sure. Amazing graphics and audio, top of the line for mobile. Playing with random ppl has always been at it's best with this developer. Controls need a bit more precision and the ascension of the spirits to the temple each time is a bit disconnecting. Other than that this is one if the best games I've ever played on a mobile. Top 3 for sure :-) I'll actually play this one till the end.
Laurie Reeder : Beautiful worlds, cool graphics for flying. Gameplay is interactive if you want it to be. Can play alone, but more fun with others, not necessarily friends. I dont know any of my friends but theyre from all over the world. Love this. Not easy to figure the game, im still learning. I don't buy anything in games, but there are lots of cool choices if you do like to buy. Like the miniquests. Adding: 6/21, still enjoying game. I do have to delete apps I use from my device to comp for updates.
A. Favorite : I've read lots of comments about how "relaxing" this game is and I disagree. The visuals are out of this world (literally). It's fun to interact with random people online, work together and discover new places. But it's unfair to call the game "relaxing" when it has very scary and nerve-wracking levels. Some levels traumatized me but I found myself enjoying it. The sounds and visuals make everything intense. I won't spoil it for you, but the ending is so emotional and stunning.
Shan L : I loved Journey so when I realized Sky is by the same company with a lot of features in common I had to try it. It's way more than I expected in a free game, it's amazing. A few more clues here and there would be helpful for some tasks, and maybe maps for completed areas to help out people who can't hold the map in their head. Worst irritant is the friends menu always popping up when you're trying to do things near a friend, separate those controls pls! (Switch version) Love this game even so ❤️
Orange Juice Addict : An absolutey gorgeous game, the visuals are stunning especially for a mobile game. The gameplay itself is also very fun, though a bit hard to control at times. I can excuse that though since it is a mobile game. Interactions with other players are also fun, though limited. It kinda sucks that you have to unlock chatting freely. Sometimes trying to open a door doesnt work, you light the switch but it doesn't open and a few other problems like that. Overrall, a very good game with a few flaws.
Evelyn Johnson : There was an intro at the beginning, but it wasn't very clear. The controls were moderately hard to well, control and flying/jumping was a bit confusing. The graphics were lovely and it was overall great but I didn't see much point in it after. I kept passing important things I didn't know were important. Update for better controls and tutorials? Then 5 stars from me!
Klajdi Gongo : Great game with incredible graphics and gameplay. I love the whole multiplayer aspect but the thing i don't like so much is the doors that need multiple players to open. I know that they exist to add more to the whole multiplayer experience, but it's sometimes frustrating to wait forever for another person to come to you so you can open the door. I'd also love to have a choice between multiplayer and single player. Anyway, great game overall. Well done!
Poppy Francis : I love this game, it's absolutely beautiful and the gameplay is surprisingly good for being on mobile. The music is incredibly atmospheric, and the multiplayer aspects can be mildly intrusive at times but overall only enhance the experience. The only downsides are the occasional bugs that happen but most don't make the game unplayable or have an easy fix. If you want a mobile game that you can play with your friends and family, this is the game for you
Nicola Stringari : The only negative sides I can find of this game are that the controls are not perfect and that the cosmetics can be sometimes too expensive imo. Beside that, this is definitely the best game I ever played on mobile and its atmosphere is unique and magical. Playing with a friend is advised but it is also fun to interact with random people you find around the levels and the game gives you plenty of tools to do it. The ending is one of the best things I've ever witnessed in videogames.
Shawn Ederis : Some options need to be reworked. For the most part I'm enjoying this game, gives me a very Studio Ghibli(spelling?) Feeling. However, the odd jumping mechanic and auto slide is annoying. I find I end up not jumping when i press the button and when i do end up jumping i dont always feel like i have control. Then sometimes right out of a jump landing I slide uncontrollably off a ledge or whatever.
Natasha Glory : Is it possible to give it more than 5 stars?? I love this game so much, and gottent addicted to it. The environment are just breathtaking, and I don't have to worry about many things like other games with too much menu and options. Really recommend! I guess there should be more options to do though, or events or gates that are available only on events. To spice things up a bit, or a cave that only appears on certain days, or more puzzle 😄
Laisle Brooke : This game is just soooo BEAUTIFUL. I already completed the whole thing and went inside the last map. The last map was very thrilling, emotional, and it makes me cried. However one thing to complain that the control is bad. Sometimes my character was moving by itself or won't follow my direction. Especially when flying. My friends had to hold my hand and carry me almost all the time. Please fix the control
Prakash Mondal : Great music, great controlls. The reason I deducted the stars are, story is ambiguous. No voice-overs, no story, not sure what to do, not sure where to go, monsters!! 😳 Really?? In this game! Worlds are good, customization is limited. I give you 100 points for effort and music composition. Looking forward to more games from you😊.
Jen Riley : The game is a bit glitchy when flying and avoiding rocks in Eden which makes it hard to control or get away fast. Had a few problems with certain gates not downloading and had to re-install the game quite a few times for it to eventually work. Lovely story! I'll definitely keep playing it. Enjoyed playing Journey on the PS4 so hopefully this game will also be added to the Playstation store sometime in the future. 🌠
kaiciy : Honestly, I used to really like this game. I met a lot of my really good friends through Sky. But now, it feels like they're just pushing out content to make money. I ended up not being able to keep up with the heavy grind needed and just fell more behind. I get that cosmetics are optional, but even then the whole candle running experience just feels exhausting even with friends to talk with and because of that I end up not being able to get the cosmetics I really do want. (I'm completely F2P.)
Vianney Widjaja : It is a wonderful never seen before 3D adventure flying game. I'm very much impressed that such a game exists😆. However it would be nice if we could do cosmetics (such as clothes) trade that we collected from seasonal and traveling spirits. Nonetheless, don't hesitate to click the install button. At first it may be hard to understand what you're playing, but as time goes by you won't regret trying and clicking that install button😌.
Shannelle Yick : I love this game! The artwork is amazing, and the design is cool. Few instructions are given, but it's very easy to figure out what to do. I do have one criticism. The controls are just ok. Sometimes it just doesn't move the way I want it to. Landing in the exact spot you want is hard cuz you slide around instead of making a solid landing. Sometimes I want to fly directly upwards, but then end up flying forwards. But overall, great game!
Joanna Mounts : I really wanna like this game. It's beautiful and the music is so relaxing. My only issue is the controls. They are unbearably sensitive and end up getting me killed. I wish there was a setting to change the sensitivity to how I can use it. This also applies to flying which feels off somehow. I wish some things felt that they had more weight.
CoolGuyNotFoolGuy : Probably the best mobile game you'll find right now, minimal to no ads, really good graphics and beautiful sound design. Sometimes you don't know what's going on and that's the beauty of it, it reminds me of Journey, you may not know where you're going but the places you visit along the way are amazing. The only real 'problem' is that there's a tiny bit of lag and the graphics go down for budget phones, but with a game as ambitious as this, that's only expected
jiyo zy : amazing graphics, storyline, and mesmerising gameplay. however, i am stuck at one level, i think it was because i didnt underdstand what i am supposed to do. i think improvements can be made in the part where you tap your character if you are lost to help you "find" your way. i think an arrow should be used instead to show the way the player should go clearer.
Assyifa Maryam : I was amazed at the beautiful graphics, soothing music & the general vibe of the game from the beginning. Sadly, after only a few minutes into it my left control started to get glitchy. I couldn't move and could only work on my right control, and had to switch/flip the controls to get it to work again but I'm not used to it so it made things harder. And I feel kind of lost at times.. I think you need to put more tutorials in the beginning and explain the goals. Kinda gets boring fast.
Nexu Mora : This game is amazing. I'm not normally a fan of the whole "atmospheric vibe and relax" kinds of games, but the gameplay in this one keeps me playing long after I would be bored with anything else. Running around and exploring to find all of the spirits is fun, and I really enjoy many of the puzzles. Even the multiplayer ones are good, which is great since I was expecting to keep running into people mindlessly repeating the same sequences over and over until they eventually got through it.
Paloma Star : Fantastic game honestly. There's something for everyone. Sky has puzzles, exploration, both peaceful and exciting moments, mystery and intrigue, lovely music and beautiful open maps on which to play. The best part is that even after "completing" the game, there's still more fun to be had what with periodic events. Occasionally things get a bit buggy but these issues are mild, temporary, and largely overshadowed by the game's appeal. It really is a game for all different types of people.
Perla Soap : Starts out confusing. Kind of still confusing. But if you stick around, its addicting. The scenery and music is BEAUTIFUL. And I like how this game is a low pressure game. I'm not a big fan of the controls though. Sometimes it gets too hard to navigate the camera. I hope to see a zoom in/out feature in future updates.
Victor Fambre Trés : The game has magnificent graphic and really big maps, the way to play is so smooth, fly in this game is something awesome, sliding too. However it is just that, your player learn a lot of useless movements and you have no way to fightback against the only 2 enemies existent in this game, you always have to run and return in your loop when you go to the Eyes of Eden. Ps. Some hidden location and also the other thing cool you can just access if you pay a really high amount of money
Noah Saunders : Great idea and premise unfortunately crippled by the hardware. Had this game been released on a console or PC, I'm sure it would have been much better and more functional. The friendship mechanics are fun, but it is hard to communicate and really interact with other people, and overall the game is finicky and hard to control. It's a bit high concept for a mobile app.
Gothica Meradrua : Love this game. My only issue is that it crashes/closes on my phone (android, samsung Galaxy A20) when there are major special effect areas. Rain, clouds, etc. My graphics setting is at its lowest on the game, but it makes playing difficult when it lags or crashes and makes me restart. Other issue is when at the end of Eden, Im forced (3x or more) to repeat the scene where i have to hug the child of light. Doing so causes me to seperate from my friends who are playing, and I end up alone.
Crystal Reimer : I have suggestions for better game play. #1: not everyone wants to play with other people. Super frustrating that others actions affect my game. (One example, I was trying to get a winged light and another player activating something no where near where I was pulled me from what I was doing, super frustrating) #2: all light gone in the final step and a total character reset seems harsh. Maybe not losing your full status at the end would be cool. Other than that, cool game!
Pastry : Phenomenal!!! The graphics are great and the social interactions are so much fun! Language barriers are overcame easily with the emotes! Just wish candles were a bit easier to get but that helps aid in making the game challenging! This game can and will make you emotional! Definitely worth it! ******On a side note for some reason my purchases aren't successful even though I've bought a pack before. Is this a bug or is something wrong on my end?******
César Bonilla : Beautiful graphic design, stunning scenarios and transitions, overall a great game that immerses you in it's world. The only kinda weak spot is it's stability, connection wise, when playing with friends, I mean like your friend suddenly disappears or drops your hand and that's very annoying when it happens although it doesn't happen very often. Overall is a great game hope you continue to make it even better and polish the little things 😁
Charlie Hart : I didnt play long through the game because my large fingers make it very awkward and difficult. Im only playing on my phone and imagine it would be easier on a tablet or device with a much larger screen. I would love to see this as a full length game on a console. It has a wonderful concept and design. With an interesting story. Many people would be willing to pay.
Rubber Band : This game is the best mobile game I have ever played, and that is saying something. It's also the best looking game I've ever played, which again, is saying something. You guys managed to top Mirror's Edge with the visuals and that alone makes this a great experience. One quick note is that the blue ball thing on the bow spirit won't go into the statue of the guy, as in it gets really close and then freezes, could you guys fix this problem?
Maya Wood : The game was great. Was. After a new update, they made achieving candles and hearts way too hard, which essentially the entire point of the game after a while. The art and music is fantastic, beautifully done. Storyline is unique, though does get a little lost in translation. Overall it is very fun and worth some time.
Jara Virielle : I've been playing this for a while now and I really reaaally like the game but I have a few problem with the controls when flying and jumping. While flying I made my character move on the left side, then it'll move on the left but the character will do something more that I didn't made it do. I know about the control settings but i am used with the 2 hand control. I suggest you'd improve the cursor along with the movement of the character.
Local Sewer Rat : This game is absolutely beautiful and exceeds any expectations I've had for any mobile game for the past few years. The music is amazing, the graphics are beautiful, and the players are often kind and helpful. The only 'con' is that my phone isn't exactly powerful, and will lag when I play. I really do love this, though, and can't wait for it to arrive on Nintendo Switch too!
Kookie Raven : The game is absolutely wonderful. It gives a sense of mystery and suspense to me. The characters do not speak, but there are tons of expressions that help you show off you're personality. Along with expressions, the game allows you to customize your own character. The art style is beautiful and fits the story well in my opinion. Im not saying this game ia perfect in everyway, every game needs some sort of improvement, but I suggest this game if you're looking for a relaxing, but thrilling game!
Yuvraj Singh : Soothing RPG, beautiful environment design, alluring music. The only issue is that the due to the lack of graphics control options, it's really hard to play it on a budget smartphone. I'm using Honor Play and the game is not supported with GPU Turbo. Maybe a graphical tweak menu will do the job. Otherwise the game is flawless. The graphics settings were hidden in the game only, just waiting for a random click on the screen. What I discovered is that most Huawei user have lagging issue. (unoptimi
Yu Xia : The most beautiful game I've experienced on mobile. By beautiful I mean both technicality and art style. Animation is detailed and smooth. I can see how much effort is poured into this game by devs. But I must say the control is not the best and it could be confusing to play. The game is more of a art than a game. In short, it's cool but not fun tbh.
Jean Haley : This game is the best I've ever played. It was confusing at first but then everything is just so magical. One problem though, my phone somehow did not meet the specifications for the game to be smooth so it was super hard to fly or race because it was lagging all the time. Also the screen just went black in the middle of the game while the sound and everything is still functioning well. Hope it can be fixed because I really like this game. I will wait for a better performance on Android.
norazman din : The storyline and graphics are amazing it's just that the controls are realllllyyy hard to use which makes trying to go through secret passages a hassle. I would like it if there is a fixed control like a button for jumping and would like that the camera wouldn't move on it's own because it makes it hard to see anything. Thank you.
Tehani : Amazing game and such an immersive experience. I would rate it higher if I could. You explore at your leisure and there's always more to discover. Story line is amazing and graphics are beautiful. No need to pay for anything.The levels grow in difficulty and you can play solo, but other characters make you want to join in with teams of people. Everyone is so friendly. My only down side to this is once I beat the final level, they took all my star power away and I had start over with one star..
Haku Chii : I rarely write reviews but damn this game blew my expectations. It's very similar to journey, better in some ways actually. I like the friendship system in particular. Compared to journey, you can actually change your character's appearance in this one and befriend many different people throughout the game. The graphics and gameplay are surprisingly smooth and without issues so far. You can see that the devs put in a lot of effort! Hard to believe that a game like this is free.
Tom Christopher : Sky is a very beautiful and a really fun game with graphics beyond what eyes can meet and many interactive features to play with. I'm playing this on the Samsung A50 and though it normally runs smoothly, there are a lot of times when it lags frequently because of the graphics. Which is why I usually use it on low graphics mode. My only request for the game is to maybe optimize the game to run more smoothly on Android because I've heard that it runs smoothly on Apple, even if it's an older device
Tater Tots Gaming : My God, it's awful. Yes, it's pretty, and I have a flagship tablet so can easily enjoy that aspect. But Jesus, the controls are some of the worst I've seen. It cannot differentiate between zooming in or out, and moving the camera, and moving your character, so you struggle constantly just to move properly. The quest indicator system is poorly designed, leaving you wondering just what the hell you're supposed to be doing. I am a lifelong gamer and just could not continue with this.
Joseph : The game looks absolutely stunning. I love the colors and polygon models. The story of the sky children and spirits are wonderful and the ability to customize your character is a huge plus for me. Flying is fun, however, the controls can be really infuriating especially in windy areas. Also losing winged lights and grinding for candles or hearts is a huge pain. It sucks when I lose winged lights bc they reappear in random locations when they should instead reappear where I last got them. 7/10
Pattamon P : Great game. Good graphic and storyline. Beautiful characters. Love this game. Only sad thing is my phone doesn't have enough ram. So, the game can't run smoothly and crashes quite often, especially in Hidden Forest and when I enter the new map in Wasteland 😔 Also it could get boring after running through the same map after awhile. Hope there will be more new map coming!
Ivan Budianto : I sense a lot of potential in this game. I play in Galaxy S9+. What i really take concern of the wasted potential is the graphic. It is somewhat "blurry". I tried to find the graphics in the setting (in the battery-ish designed icon) but it only helps improving a little. Is there any other way to improve the graphics? I love this game.
rosepedals67 : This game is good , it's very interactive and you find alot of freinds on there. The game is beautiful and the characters/spirits have a lot of different personalities. But the reason I put only 4 stars is because there a glitch. In the vault of knowledge there a glitch were it wont let help the spirt. It dosen't seem like a problem for other players but idk. I really would appreciate if they could possibly fix this. Other than that the game is really fun.
Paula : This is a really gorgeous game that definitely deserves all the praise. Its a bit unstable rn, however they're working to fix it and it got a lot better with the latest update. My only peeves are the sometimes very finnicky flying controls and the forced cutscenes and camera angles. The Villages in Prairie is one of the worst for this, every time a player triggers a bell you're forced to watch an unskippable cutscene. So annoying! TLDR; a really great game with some minor issues! I recommend!
delagg : This game is beautiful. The graphics and music are both breathtaking, and it's very easy to control. However, I have one complaint, which is the reason for my 3 star. My phone refuses to download the Prarie (the second portal) so I can't progress in the story or adventure, nor get upgrades for my avatar. I adore this game, but even after deleting a bunch of other apps, it still won't download. If you could help with this issue, pleas help me. I don't want to uninstall just because of this issue.
Beverley Yap : I enjoyed this game. It is atmospheric, inviting and beautiful overall. But I've decided to uninstall as its been crashing over and over again within 5 mins of gameplay. Aside from that, the graphics have also been glitching substantially (e.g. the character disappears, the area you're in becomes heavily pixelated). Like most of the other reviewers I've seen, this started happening with the most recent update, I think. Really hoping the developers can fix this!
LE Salim : Graphics & design of the game are truly beautiful, also a style that I personally really like. It's not too hard to get through the game and all of the challenges are an adrenaline rush. Beware, this game is grindy (Idm) but future updates are trying to combat this. It can be repetitive but lots of new content helps. The reason for the missing star is the fact that recently the camera movements have been really wonky and "tense up" occasionally, this makes it really hard to control and fly.
Wren Salcedo : This is a true work of art. The animation, music, sound effects, and gameplay are astonishing, all supported by the incredibly hard working team at TGC who update the game regularly with new content and bug fixes. Other players are generally very kind and helpful, and the lore is fascinating to uncover. Characters are customized in the most adorable and unique ways without having an emphasis on gender. It is a wholesome and beautiful adventure just waiting to be experienced.
Kirk Beard : An incredible game. Perhaps the best free game for Android in my opinion. The game focuses on exploration, social concepts with other players and the Journey of life. Flying through the clouds, solving puzzles and meeting friends is so much fun. The stylized graphics are gorgeous and the music and sound effects are very immersive. Play with headphones for the best experience.
Taimar Aviles-Alvarez : It's just a good game for friends to play. The story doesn't make sense sometimes, like what happened to make the player save the spirits, what happened? No one is explained why, it'd also be more interesting if every area was impacted by the darkness in some way instead of beautiful scenery, something that wants to make you fix the landscape and save the spirits. There are glitches too, like when you ask for piggy back rides you fall off when flying and friends are always on the wrong server.
Amir De Guia : It's fun overall, especially for couples who wants to try an adventure game. Gameplay, story, and overall feel of the game is 5 star for me. But grinding for candles(currency) is a bit off because its not as fun as it could've been. Also, flexibility in control layout and graphic settings should be improved.
twrd : I love the game. Absolutely love it. love the graphics, the idea, the plot, the design. why three stars then, you might wonder? the playability is utter sh*te. it works fine most of the time, but the most magnificent scenes with fast paced gameplay and controling becomes as frustrating as I Am Bread controlling. Flying is hard with the ever flipping camera, gliding down the mountains is hard because the camera keeps doing its thing and the character doesn't react fast enough for the controls.
Freya Petrie : I'm not too far into the game but I have a bit to say about it. First off, when everyone says the graphics are fantastic, they aren't lying. Its great and easy, except when things are too good there's always a downsider to it. The fly is too hard to control, I don't if there's settings to help it or it's just stuck like that. The flying is probably the worst thing about the game so far. And yes, it's probably like that to make it more graceful and stuff but jeeze... It needs to be fixed.
Curtis Walker : Overall really good, with someglitches. Very beautiful & lots to explore! The controls are a little hard to learn at first. But it's three games in one.there's the first game which is to work your way up through the different worlds. Then you have sort of a metagame after you're reincarnated. 3rd it becomes a sandbox game. Players from all over the world work together to figure out how to use glitches to do fascinating things. Players play musical instruments together! New events are released
Penny R : The flying mechanics are extremely annoying and with the clouds its almost impossible to control. Ive been turned around so many times from not even doing anything. When you bump into things, it sends you straight to the floor or going somewhere you dont want to go. Also, I can understand gravity, but it frustrates me so much trying to get the first wing in the forest constellation, It always takes 5 minutes or more just to get to the platform with the wind. Its a good game though.
Jeniffer : This game is honestly amazing for a free and ad-free game. However, there's a major problem that keeps reoccurring. I keep getting forced out of the game, usually when the game plays videos. When I reenter, I have to go back to where I was from Home, and then sometimes the game still forces me out anyways. I hope you fix this soon.
Jade : The app is great and it's got me hooked enough to plan what I'll do next in the game. I guess it's since I'm a collector- aka hoarder- at heart, so I just want all the items. It bugs out a fair bit though, so I personally wouldn't rate it a full 5 stars. The graphics are great but I play on the lowest so the game runs smoother. It's overall really great if you're down for collector games.
Sera : Incredible game. Wonderful graphics (though better resolution would be great) wonderful sound, but a tutorial would be great. Also a guide to how find hidden spirits - I've been through the same map five times, without finding the spirits I was meant to. Also a clear path to the objective would be great. The controls are OK, but the game crashes and lags out pretty frequently and randomly. More savepoints would be wonderful too. This game has very much potential, and I really love it very much!
Daryl Teoh : People criticising are pretty single minded. Common critisms: Controls On a 3d world that allows flying freely, it is a new feature that everyone is not used to. If you get used to it, it will become easier. Graphics not good Yeah, something as ambitious as this gorgeous game will obviously require lower quality graphics to stop your phone to crash every second. Still, the lower graphics do not hinder the game's beauty. Endless wallpapers for your mobile background.
Lee arts : So here's the issue and I wish I could show a screenshot bot in the Vault of Knowledge on the second floor, the memory there can't finish. When the blue light is suppose to go back to the figure so you can set on fire stop in mere inches away from the figures face. I have not been able to collect the expression because of this. Could possibly fix this bug in the game, aside from these this game is amazing, fly across different skyies and lands is such a dream, feels like I'm right there sometime
Caloi Palaboi : It's fun and amazingly beautiful 😍 I just wish they make flying easier to steer. Also there should be notices or warning signs that a particular area cannot be accessible. Like in the Isle of Dawn, there's a dark area above the clouds which is before you reach the last level. I believe on earlier version they can go there but I don't think it's still accessible now. Because I keep flying there but it doesn't allow me.
•Ralia• : This game is a very stunning one through and through but ofcourse it isn't perfect. Camera controls can be a bit difficult at times, there are visual glitches and since you can only send chat to befriended players right next to you or send out a call to players on the map there could be times when you'd be stuck (like not being able to open a door) because no other players are on the same map as you. Still giving this 5 stars because it's the most 5 star game to ever grace the playstore.
Michael Evans : It's fantastic! But difficult to make actual friends with the limited communication. And the later levels are graphically intensive. Flying is sometimes awkward. Like trying to ascend or descend is not possible sometimes, and other times you immediately drop and can't get any higher no matter how many times you boost.
Carlo Jhan Lolong : A beautiful piece of art. Encourages players to interact with each others and many hidden places through out the game itself. The downside is that players want to be in control. Meaning communicating only through the game makes it hard to lead others in hidden places and seek their help in opening the passages. Overall it is truely a unique game. It will require players to seek online friends and forge bonds together.
Deanna Broughton : Sometimes the graphics are a little bit jumpy? But this is a highly pleasurable game to play and so relaxing that you really dont mind the odd graphics glitch here and there. The controls take a little getting used to but when you got it down you're just flying with it. I've not got too far into the game but already its turning into a game I just dont want to put away for any reason. Seeing as I've been playing since about 11pm and it's now nearly 6am there is plenty to do! ❤
Brandon Cooke : Overall I think this will do well. It looks really good and the sounds are also great. One thing I would like is settings UI for customized graphics settings and controls. Also throw in a sense of direction, it's all just sensory overload and no right of way. Really not trying to dump on this game because it's really good visually. Just rough around the edges. Will pick this up again in future app updates.
Anigye Johnson : I love this game. I fell in love with it the moment I heard the music and saw the amazing graphics. My favorite feature is the concept of friends in the game. I love how they have nicknames but you're to name them. I love that you can have a journey with friends too. The flying mechanics were improved when i moved to playing on the switch. This game is amazing although I do wish there were ways to get more candles and hearts instead of leaning on app purchases. Without paying, gaining is hard.
Raina : Sky is such a wonderful game, I met a lot of friends there and went on lots of adventures! It's super fun and relaxing, the music and the art are gorgeous! And you can experience it all absolutely for free! Unlike other games with in-app purchases that puts important content behind a massive paywall, Sky lets you experience the full game without needing to buy a single thing! They actually add something to the game that's enticing and worth your money for a fair price but not necessary at all.
Christopher Falla : I loved the game, so relaxing, everything is so serene and pewceful even just by starting the game. Makes me want to sore through the sky(thus the title of the game). With that aside, i have one issue though, when there are so many things happening i the view of the camera, like fogs, flying insects, far distant clouds, the game lags quite a lot. I don't mind the game being kinda pixelly even when I set the graphics to higher setting, but I would love to play this game as smooth as possible.
StÄrS : It's one of my dream game. It's fantastic. I advice u must install this game. The best and relaxing game ever. I have not played such game before. 😍I loved it😍. Best adventureous game. Good controls, good graphics, good background music, we can make friends too and also we can play with them in a team. With no ads. But requires internet for downloading next levels and it does not takes much time in downloading.
Anne Thomas : Though the graphics are awesome the controls are pathetic. There are no settings which will allow players to choose the controls for example the movement control could be on the right side for right handed players. Proper Instructions are missing for new players. I will rate 2 stars for the background music and the graphics. Especially the flying among clouds is soothing.
Michelle Paul : I'd go 3 & 1/2 if I could lol. The game has a decent story line and the controls are fairly simple. But... I wish there were a few things lol, 1. A mini map that can either, a) stay open, or b) open through some sort of menu option. 2. Way more direction, It says to tap yourself to find your way.... well that could be anywhere in the general direction of not the next spirit but to the end of the level. 3. I'll personally would like to see more color variations as well for us seniors lol.
Magdalena Koziol : Such a great game. it's perfect and everyone should play it at least once!!! You can talk to people in game and collect trinkets and outfits. You can even play music with any instruments you earn. It never gets boring because it is constantly updating and new quests and areas come out. I even discovered 2 new places the other day that I hadn't even noticed before!
Nick Flowers : I don't know what's going on, but this is the most beautiful and intriguing game I've ever played. While I wish I could talk to the "friends" I make and explore with, I can appreciate the sort of anonymous multiplayer and wouldn't change it. Visuals are fantastic, controls and camera motion is super fluid and easy to use. This is a great game and I can't wait to play it on my Switch on my TV. My only complaint is my Note 8 struggles with framerate pretty often.
Chris Nangle : Beautiful game in the style of Journey. Only issue worth mention are insensitive controls and buggy physics which really affect the final levels when the terrain is hostile and the enemies can knock you out of the play area, forcing you to restart the level entirely. Have contacted support, with minimal assistance back, but honestly still give the rest of the game 5 stars. In the meantime though, i'm uninstalling til they have fixed these issues.
Adrian Remo : Its a gorgeous game, but if you want to play it long run you run into issues. The game at times is really demanding in that you spend time harvesting things to get new cosmetics. Hearts are near impossible to get quickly unless if you get a large amount of friends... I recommend that if you just want a gorgeous story, play the game all the way through once. If you want to stay for the socialization or for the cosmetics , find a group of good friends to play with.
Josh Rose : I don't get why people like this game so much. I get it it's beautiful especially for a mobile game.. But it's boring! It's just the same thing over and over. Relive memories and interact with other players. I don't want a game just with emotes and different outfits/skins. I want good gameplay and story. Maybe I'll keep trying or finish one playthrough before deciding but so far it's just boring repetition
Fire Dragon : The game is beautiful, but there are still some moments I'd like to get fixed 1) Resolution. It's kinda really low on bigger screens, would be really good if it was possible to make it better in settings 2)When my internet connection becomes a bit worse, annoying pop-up starts appearing like every 5 seconds. This really annoys me, especially when connection is actually good P.S. Guys, don't tell things like "they were inspired by "the journey", cuz both games were created by the same company
Olmyth, The Broken : Simple, amazing, and free. This dev nailed what a free mobile game should be. There is no right or wrong way to play and paying is totally optional unless you are totally impatient. The graphics and customization are absolutely fantastic and the game is executed very well, even the story is nice although simple. The crowning achievement is the soundtrack is amazing and just nails setting the mood in game. I'd love to see more written lore but otherwise this game is breathtaking for a free game.
KitKatDoesArt : I was browsing the Play Store for a while, searching for a new game. I'd heard about this and decided to play it. NO REGRETS. I frickin love this game! You can either power through, or take your time, and when you complete the main goal, you can go back to explore different paths and stories. My only complaint is the flying controls are a little iffy. But that's it!
TheNorthernZone : Absolutley lovely. Beautiful scenery and fun adventure. It's easy to get used to how the game works and understand your tasks. I love the animals of the game so far and even if some of them are scary, they still give that needed change in the bright mood for a variety of gameplay for sky. Absolutley recommend it. I cant recall watching one advert through hours of playing nonstop.
Thistle Mist : I love this game! Its beautiful, relaxing, free to download, and I love playing with my friends both old and new. ☺ But recently, the game lags really bad when I go into an area, and the larger maps it crashes all together! I can't go to my favourite places like Sanctuary Islands and Hidden Forest anymore because the app exists and won't let me go there without crashing. ☹️ I love this game so much, but since the update everything's gone south. I hope it'll be fixed and back to normal again!
Daniel Reed : Fun for maybe ten minutes, frustrating after that. Anything having to do with clouds ( a huge part) in this game is just frustrating. Camera is nice and scenic but it's terrible if you want to actually play the game. Half the time it's too close to your character to even know what's going on. The controls in cloud levels are buggy, I.e. you can't fly down sometimes. Other times it'll turn your around all the way back the way you came and you'll have no control because you can't see anything.
Scooter : Its an amazing game, the ambience, the music, the visuals all of it. This review is for two main reasons, one, the game is stunning. Two is regarding a piano feature pm a Samsung s10. When I play the piano, it doesn't allow me to hit more than one note, if I do, it cancels out the others. Can you fix this,thanks. 😊
Jordan Gross : I dont know how to start this off, Its just a good game. The tutorial isn't long, the graphics are the best and are good for the game style. The controls are easy too. It also takes a while to earn the "money" in game to buy items, but most stuff isn't restricted to whether or not you bought a pass with real money, so that's a nice change. I also love the innocence of it too. I would say more but there's a limit to words oof...
kc jones : I really liked the game it is a fun story and has great music; however, it felt like out of know where one level was extremely harder than the rest, and it didn't explain what you were supposed to do with different things which just left me confused. It also is starting to lag and mess up a lot more to and it can be very repetitive at times.
Chali Ferdinandis : Love the game! But recently been having issues with disappearing darkness as well as I think some bugs after the last update. I keep falling into a mass expanse of water sometimes after I enter the hidden forest with a friend. We also couldn't find the Manta trapped in darkness. For a split second we saw another player release the Manta and then we couldn't do it ourselves for the challenge. Please do check this out. I love the game!
mer-cy tea : Love the scenery and lack of dialogue, good for resting from words after a day of reading. Flying takes a bit of time to get used to, and is sometimes difficult (because phone doesn't meet minimum specs for app). Gets a bit tiring to keep visiting the same places, and getting involved in the same cut scenes accidentally, but the developers add new places and experiences periodically so that is good.
Sensibly Weird Gamer : This game is a wonderful experience where you can indulge in a beautiful adventure along with your friends! There is lots to do and many challenges that await. Cute little emotes also exist within the game, and they are fun to use :D The only things that aren't good are how many glitches are in the game, like one where the Dark Dragon goes through the floor and etc. Those bugs should be patched for a better gameplay. The constant server switches is also infuriating. Thats all I have to say :)
Dan : Amazing. I was dubious about the "in-app purchases", but I've been playing for a day and I haven't felt the need to pay for anything at all. Nor have I been harassed by the game asking me to pay for things (which all seem to be personal/customisation items). The MMORPG elements are executed perfectly and the game is so pretty and serene. There isn't much in the way of instructions, but it seems pretty intuitive so far. Doesn't feel like a "pay to win" game at all. Update: gets kinda repetitive
Vicky NP : I can see why people would like this game but sadly, it's just not for me. The graphics is stunning and the music is relaxing, but the gameplay is too confusing. Even the gliding mechanism was a struggle to get used to. While I understand that the initial levels are intentionally slow to ease players into it, it was too slow for me personally. There is barely any dialogue and goals to give the game a sense of purpose, making all your actions seemingly meaningless.
Cristopher Dominguez : I thought that I had already raite this game. In any case, I got to say that I... love it! It's very well designed, really beautiful to play and watch. The level of graphic detail it's so good that it looks like a movie. (one of the songs remains me to the opening of The Legend of Zelda Breath of the Wild, for some reason). And the most wonderful part is... THAT IS FREE! That is fricking awesome! Oh, and you can actually fly, or at least at some extents, but is really enjoyable to watch 👍
Victor Keys : Amazing game, but lag is a big issue for me. I would love a button on the screen for quick access to automatic sliding on the ground or not, because a lot of the time I try reaching spots and the damn sliding makes me have trouble getting to it. I'd love a 4 button vertical hotbar on the right side where I can equip any emote of my choice, because finding the right emote can be a hassle sometimes. Instead of "only" teleporting to my friends, I'd love to be able to send them a teleport invite
Star Fait : Cute, wonderful, lovely. I love it. Main problem I have is that we can't get old event gear and such. Also wish we could enlarge the flying button, and I wish that music was easier to understand[the different keys/shapes for notes]. There're hairstyles and instruments I badly want, and there are quite a lot of random bugs, especially in The Prarie and Sanctuary, but I believe it has tons of potential to be great. Extremely excited for the Switch version!! May it continue to strive!!
Dark Wolf : I love this game, it is beautiful and the ending is magnificent, but the Path to Eden is 98% impossible due to the last Dragon of Darkness have a very short and very fast patrol route at the end and the strong winds make controls extremely unresponsive. I like the fact that everything is hidden in the different areas and makes you have to explore to get everything.
Phil : Amazing overall. The left control is sluggish and has too large a dead zone before responding to input. Would LOVE to see a mini map(maybe a small one that grows as you play with friends live) and would willingly pay 25.00 if it had controller support. Aside from that i think the MAIN constellations shouldn't require more than one person to get; sometimes its just not possible to get help so you get stuck
Mav Shadow : Game is great. Music throughout this game is very relaxing,game controls seems hard for beginners but when you are used to it you'll find it easy. The latest update gives me bugs whenever i passed through gates of wasteland and hidden forest. And also, when being dragged by a friend, i face some graphics issue, like i can't see anything bacause i'm like buried underground. Hope this wil be fixed soon.
Valentin Minai : The game looks fantastic and plays just as great. My only problem with it is I don't really have any friends who like to play games and the fact that for some achievements you need 7 players I think it's frustrating when you're alone. also some times I find myself alone without the possibility of opening some doors that require just two players...even tho it's beautiful, it gets frustrating at times.
Fauzi Hakim : If I only have a word to describe this game it would be art. The designs are stunning , the music soothing, the concept absolutely beautiful. It also reinforces the idea of friendship. The mechanism and general idea of the game are also innovative, not found in any kind of game I have seen. Some minor input: sometimes it is difficult to join online friends. Other minor input: more levels will be very much welcomed
Micaela Denise Prieto : Good game. GREAT STORYLINE!!! I wish the graphics could improve more. There's also a bug when I follow my friend in game (Hidden Forest), I land under the map, can't get out of it which always took a life of my character. Also, the game crashes sometimes forcing me to restart it. This game is a nice one and improvement is a must hehehe 😁
Kaiser Otto : Honestly, this is the best game I've ever played since Minecraft. There's one issue though: It seriously overheats my phone. I can only play 10 minutes at a time before having to wait for my phone to cool down. It also seriously drain battery. Playing for 30 minutes reduced my battery from 100 to 30%. Other than that, it's great, the shading, the graphics. It's a new favourite of mine. Five stars for gameplay and overall quality.
Leom 14 : Controls could've been done better, especially the flying control, it should be a bit thighten, a UI scale adjuster would be amazing, since the UI got mess up on device with high dpi but low resolution. Optimization in Eden would be great, since it's the most Dangerous place both in the game and for the phone. Other than that, the gameplay is flawless, seriously, good job👍
Josh Dean : This game truely is remarkable. The scenery of every new level leaves me absolutely amazed. The secrets hiding in every corner of the game never makes any moment dull. The controls while flying can be iffy, but you're easily able to ignore that with the beautiful graphics and gameplay. Great replay value as well, I find myself running through levels again and still having a blast with it. A must play game to play with your friends and family.
Joël A. : Great game by Thatgamecompany! The scenes are beautiful and you take pleasure to explore everything. The musics are inspiring and match perfectly to the game. It is relatively short, but you are invited to explore again and again after the end. In terms of gameplay, you learn to fly, such a great feeling. The social aspect is also nice, you learn to know people without talking and decide to gain the ability to talk when you really want it. A few bugs and defaults... But I love it!
Metisrune _ : This game is phenomenal. From the art style, to the player interaction, and map layouts. The overall layout of the game is extremely simplistic. Its an adventure game with splendid art designs through each world and hidden lore. Its easy to pick up and play. My only issue with the game is the lack of skippable cut-scenes. They've been making more cut-scenes skippable, which I am appreciative of, (spoilers) but the ending where you fly through the skies and ruins isn't optionally skippable.
William Johnson : This is an example of a group of developers getting together and helping to shape the future of mobile gaming graphics. The graphics are absolutely amazing, unlike the effort I've seen anywhere else. The graphics and audio show very high effort from experienced developers. The gameplay is also an amazing concept as well as the outfits and level design style
govind rajesh : If you have a good phone dedicated to gaming. Then look no further than this great game giving you beautiful graphics, level design and soundtracks which makes you feel at peace. The open world with other online player is easy to interact with and the controls arent too much of a hassle to use. Only wish there would be more customization choices that are non-payable. But still , great overall.
Pratyush : This was a beautiful game. The way the game communicates with you without actual words just emotes and stories is amazing. The navigation in the game is amazing and the exploration rewards are great too. There are limited resources when it comes to the candles but I guess that can be overlooked. One thing that the game captures is the requirement of other random players who help you with stuff around the world. It's a nice touch. Controlling the in flight or character jumping can be a bit wonky.
Kezia Naumai : The best game I've ever played! Easy to use, beautiful graphics, fun adventure based challenges and with a goal of making friends in the game! The last gate was very hard until a friendly higher level player showed me the way and so I was able to guide lower levels through the same way. The 'ending' was beautiful as well, highly recommended :)
W T : The controls are terrible and difficult to manage. Interacting with other players is annoyingly complicated and frustrating. I understand the concept for this game but the developers failed to understand just how limited and basic mobile gaming is and needs to be. This project would have fair better in console gaming or PC as well. This type of game is not meant for the small limited hardware and usability of cellphones. The art and design is good though. Very reminiscent of Journey.
Ches The Human : Awesome! The graphics are nice and the details are *chef kiss* though as an android user, I have some difficulties with the game which is namely lag. Sometimes, when I take a photo the game suddenly closed which is something that needs some work--but overall, it's absolutely great! The music is pleasing and it's not about competition (if you exclude the (spoiler!) Valley Race-) but about teamwork so 5 stars for you.
A Bird Named Monachopsis : Beautiful graphics and amazing gameplay. I love how you have to earn customizable supplies, but my one nitpick about that is that you really have to "grind" for some things. The music is amazing and it is something you definitely wanna play. It has zero ads (which is great given all the other games that force you to watch ads) and honestly it's a relief that when you buy things they aren't major storylines, just the currency you use in the game
Grace : Absolutely gorgeous game. It's one of the most atmospheric and involved games I ever played, with an ambiguous but thoroughly interesting story. The ending is very heartwarming and the best way to play this game is with friends. The one technical thing I would like the devs to fix is the flying, which can be janky and hard to work with.
miio : The graphics are really really beautiful! Love how the game allows you to enjoy amazing places, music, and make many friends and many other things. This game is very relaxing too. Though after some time the game feels a little repetitive (candle runs, daily quests etc) though the new season (season of phropecy) makes the game a lot less boring with the trials. I hope there will be more fun events like that!
Raphaelz Limz : I didn't expect the gameplay almost like Journey. My phone Kinda on the less efficient one but still you able to enjoy it. Nice minimal story and challenge. Only annoying part the control and the typewriter at the same place, often tap it without knowing it. Sometimes a bit frustrating especially the camera angle, when the control didn't give up response. Lag do happened only a few seconds, a bit disturb the gameplay. Overall well recommended to play it.
Trisha Webb : Feels very much like a game you would find for console, and the graphics match that of a ps2-early ps3 game. It requires a lot of extra exploring to fully understand and get a grasp of. The story is subtle but enjoyable, and the controls are pretty smooth, though flying can be frustrating at times. The cooperation aspect is very cool, but sometimes tasks that require more than one person can be tricky, considering people are rarely patient enough.
Elizabeth : This game is honestly incredible. It's wonderful for playing with friends too, especially during this lockdown. It's absolutely gorgeous and my friends and I have become pretty obsessed with it. There are a few bugs and the game does glitch out at times, so be wary of that. I can forgive that though considering how incredible the game looks. Overall, very fun. Would recommend.
Bhumika Sharma : Okay...so far this game is beautiful but I'm kinda disappointed with the graphic quality and at times the game does become confusing especially for a newbie like me because they don't explain properly as to where each control key is located for what, there might be few times you'll end up getting frustrated with the navigation and steering of your character when you don't know where you have to go next. Hope they improve the graphic quality and provide with little more guidelines.
Nathanael Aldred : Pro's: LOVE this game so far. One of the few games I'd actually recommend people to download. Gorgeous landscapes and character models, and very original Only criticism is the graphics on it. The levels and characters are STUNNING, but it seems like they're rendered in 720p or something, playing this on a Note 10+ with a 6.8" gorgeous screen and it's such a shame because it could look UNREAL and be so much more immersive, but everything looks slightly blurry Need an option to up the graphics
VH4 - RR5 : Game is good, but it would be really cool if you guys added a feature that makes the gameplay more realistic. Like when you change your view to the left, right, up, or down the head of your character follows the direction of your sight. It would give players an even more immersive experience. But for those who like the default "Just Standing Still" feature then you guys should put an Enable or Disable switch in the settings for the players to choose. Hope you guys notice this comment. :)
Laurel Behrend : This game has far, far exceeded my expectations. The gameplay is extremely enjoyable and the graphics and design are breathtaking. The soundtrack absolutely shines. The controls took a little time to get used to, but once I did, they are perfectly easy to use and lend themselves well to the gameplay. I'm floored at how much this game gives, especially because it's a phone app! I never expected this level of quality in an appstore game and if I could give more than five stars, I would.
Jake Graham : It's a very beautiful game and I think one of the best experiences on mobile. However I still have a big gripe, some portions of the game are woefully under optimized! This is alleviated by the wonderful music scores and scenic get views that are found in the game. But I just thought the development team should know that the home area, and first two constellation areas are poorly optimized.
Yelyzaveta Skoba : Actually, I don't play mobile games much because of low quality and not matching my preferences, but this time I was pleasantly surprised. I like the graphics, atmosphere and the plot, everything! Of course, there are some questions about certain things in the plot, but they give this mysterious kind of vibe and reasons to think it over and make some theories, so I like it even more. Thank you for your hard work, thatgamecompany!
Cristiano J. Santos : So I use to have this at 5 stars, but after playing for over a year, possibly two. I've realized that the game isn't as fun as it was then. Game is gorgeous and Story is amazing. The problem is the gameplay. I find nothing to do, mostly I just end up moping around by flying or just playing the same song on my instrument over and over again. There's no content besides events, and even those are eh. Something new like an Animal Crossing collect and build system could work wonders.
Esther Lim : I never had the patience to complete a game starting since middleschool. So I've played lots of games, but ended up deleting them. However, Sky is the only one that makes me wanting to spend time in, invest in, and support. A small team giving all their efforts to provide such a great experience for free! The graphics, the story, the music, the experience with friends it's just like in real life, forever enduring and unforgettable. Thank you TGC for all of your hard works! We love you💓💓
The Book Loving Villain : I downloaded it, started playing and was immediately entranced. The colors blend together so well that it feels like your watching a film of some sort. The audio makes the experience 20 times better, allowing noises to create the environment around you as you play. The concept of interacting, exploring and ultimately setting your own goal is a beautiful concept within this game. Your not forced to follow one, preset path. You're allowed to explore and create your own. 20/10!
MarineForrest : This game is absolutely amazing, beautiful soundtrack/music. The characters are also so cute! It is a game where you can not leave it on afk though. Though most would expect that, after the 3rd one, I think it's the 3rd one where it has the giant floating snake thing. And also how there is almost no dialogue or words, it makes the game shorter and leaves more room for visual storys. Overall this is a amazing game in so many ways.
David Hines : Beautiful, but frustrating. The artwork and the ambiance are top notch. Controls leave a LOT to be disired. The toggle switch between flight modes seems to get stuck. When you need speed, it reverts to glide. And vice versa. Flight controls are horrible. 180 degrees off real world. Pulling back makes you dive. Pushing forward makes you climb. But in view mode, it's the exact opposite. Also, flying is so sloppy, it makes a Piper Tomahawk look like an F-18.
Alex Striker : I've been waiting for this one for a while now and all I can say is I'm impressed, it runs and looks perfect on MI 9T Pro, idk where all the bad reviews about crashes, freezing and bad FPS come from but I guess you need a good phone,, it feels more than just a game but a way to connect with others. One thing which is a little frustrating is the lack of explanation on how to connect with a friend and play, and I'm still not sure about all the features and how they work, but overall it's good
David Stokes : Love the game! Everyone's helpful & you make "friends" in game easily to open the few doors/hidden areas/secrets that require them. Beautiful graphics, music, gameplay. I like that you are encouraged to explore! The controls can be a bit sensitive but doesn't detract from the game at all. Excited to hopefully see if there are add on levels at all other than seasonal extras. Also, lol at anyone complaining that it's a rip off of Journey! The makers of this game developed Journey too so duuuh!
taco : To start off, the graphics, sound track & effects, and the overall art is beautifully amazing and I love this game to bits and pieces. However, this is a 3 star rating for a reason. This game is super laggy, even during cut scenes! I can hardly fly in the clouds before it crashes. Please fix this. I don't know if my device type matters but samsung galaxy a20
Wanitisuu : It is a good game but it lags a lot on my phone, my phone often heats up and causes the game to lag horribly or glitch within 10 minutes of gameplay. Please make it so that the game can be played on various different phones rather than improving the graphics. Other than this, the game is quite beautiful and relaxing to play. It was easy to understand and it's fun to explore, I would have given this 5 stars if there was no lagging! ^^
Hope B : This game is amazing. But it is also very challenging, complex, and takes a lot of outside of the box thinking. So if you aren't ready to explore the boundaries of this game than you won't be able to go far. This game also depends on the compassion, helpfullness, and kindness of others. If you never help others in this game they won't help you, and believe me you'll need the help, everyone does. Despite the complex gameplay, dependence on other players, and semi-confusing storyline. I recommend.
Scott Glasgow : Amazing game!! Deepest appreciation to the developers. The graphics and music are beautiful. Best game on the internet. A couple of suggestions for you. 1- A message board at Home to leave messages for friends. Program it so you can leave as many messages as you want, but only the recipient can see them. 2- The shop at Forgotten Ark. It would be great if there were a booth where we could buy cosmetics from past seasons, at regular prices of course. I have an interest in a couple items....
KittenWispy : Thank you for fixing the skip cutscenes, now my friends doesn't have to wait for me anymore but there's a new bug that randomly stutter during the gameplay like it freezes the game & cuts out the audio for a sec then goes back to normal which it annoys me. Again, this game is beautiful and peaceful and I love it even if the higher graphics doesn't support my device! I'm always happy to support the developers whenever I can! Can't wait to see more new features in the future!! ❤️
Hannah Rose : The game is good! It's easy to control when the game decides it isn't going to be buggy. There have been too many occasions when I'm doing exactly what I need to do, and the game decides I'm not allowed to. For example, I'll be gliding just fine, losing height at a consistent pace, and then I'm forced straight down out of nowhere. Or I'm guiding a light, and it just disappears without any indications or warning. This game is very promising and fun, but as a mobile app, it isn't the best.
L Z : Beautiful experience, controls is a bit odd but overall fun. However the UI and gameplay instructions are not very clear. E.g. what are the benefits of upgrading an "expression". Also it never explained the death of a character, and how effects the player, and the fact that you can lose wing fragments (?) from it. Also not sure how to regain them back. It's quite disappointing when I loose 2 in a roll and really discouraged me from keep playing this game. Please fix or provide proper guidance.
Aitolu : The game is visually stunning. The controls are absolutely perfect (I have no issues with them, except I wish I could increase the sensitivity). The storyline and gameplay is top notch too, I don't understand how the devs managed to pull off this idea; you don't need words to express yourself in the game. It's impressive! My only issue is performance, my device runs on Helio P60 and I've ran to some couple of crashes 'cause of my SOC. This game need to be optimised for mid-range devices.
Respondi433 YouTube : If you like adventure and art and mystery this is the game for you ! I have to say I love this adventure type game, this one ticks all the boxes but only one thing is needed, talking characters. Apart from that its like being in a adventure fantasy movie, wonderful graphics too. I would go as far as saying this is the most interesting game I have ever played on mobile, and it is great for creative types. It runs out of things to do eventually, a building option would be great, or sailing a ship
Leighann Robinson : Overall a great game, amazing graphics for a mobile game, adorable friendships, perfect aethstetics but the only thing it lacks is a continuous story: once you complete it, you can only go back to the previous stories. I would also prefer for the flying mechanics to be easier, once you are in the air it's easy but setting off is a little more tricky when you are starting off from the ground and not jumping off a cliff 😂 but yes would definitely recommend. It's a great bonding game really! 😍🤩
Julius S : Loving the experience, so far. I am having a slight issue while playing with an Xbox One controller connected to my Razer Phone 2 via Bluetooth. There seems to be no dead zone for the joysticks which leads to frequent camera and character drifting unless I make sure the joysticks are back to dead center. Also, the games graphics were set to default which made the game look sort of "eh" on my phone, but switching the graphics to HD in the settings makes the game much better looking.
Shiina Mayuri : Hey TGC, this is a supportive player who really loves sky very much. I just want to say that the game's great but blackscreen always happen to me whenever i try to enter/exit wasteland's shipwreck area. It keeps happening consecutively within a short time, even more after the update. Even when i try to access through different paths (the 2 black tunnels or towards elder castle or the wind hole)/or after restarting the game, whichever way i took, it went blackscreen on me. Please fix this.
Katrina Ayuno : I have been playing Sky for almost four months now and I love it. The first time I played I was a bit confused as to the to controls but I got used to it and I enjoyed it even more. I love how they make their cosmetics unique in every season and how you can mix and match them. Overall, I really love the game; graphics, gameplay, storytelling, music and all. Looking forward for more surprises in the future. Although, I hope each season pass wont get too expensive. 😅♥️ Thank you TGC!
lowkcha : I really really love this game so much! Though I didn't really like the update that you can't see other people when you call now because it makes it feel kinda lonely. Also the camera angles could use a bit of work. Sometimes I'm trying to scout the area and I end up glitching into only being able to see inside a wall. Sometimes gates don't open when you light them up and darkness plants don't burn. Other than that, the game is gorgeous and has a great story!
Vendicia : Amazing game. Amazing graphics. And beyond graphics.. just the scenery.. the music.. is all phenomenal. It entrances your eyes and mind. Leaves you begging for more. It is not based off of paying to "get ahead" and you don't feel obligated to spend money to enjoy it. I love the ability to communicate with others but only selective to who you want to speak to and hear. It promotes working with others which is fun. Highly recommended.
Renata van Vuuren : It's a fantastic game, on an Apple device it works perfectly, on Android there are a few flaws, for example the music isn't at the same time you press a button but way after which is hard to play with someone else, and when I want to record something it doesn't do it with the game like on apple but with Google game something but that's probably something from my phone hah. Besides that, it's a fantastic game one of my favorites already!
G02 Alviar, Laura D. : I love this game very much the graphics are amazing, I used to play this game in a year but there's something that bothers me all the time, whenever I go through some like areas or portals my game just instantly crash, even though I start up my game and straight up to go to the areas my game just crashed itself like an instant, I try to do something to fix it, but It just failed. Can you fix it?
Adriana Sisemore : It's great to hang out with and make new friends and an awesome game to just relax in. I love the graphics and the style of the game, it's really beautiful and honestly very unique. I love the characters and the customization abilities. I gave it 4 stars and not 5 because I often encounter rock texture bugs and a lot of light creature bugs, where they look nothing like intended or the textures are static. Besides those I do really enjoy the game.
Eklavya : Greatest adventure game I have ever seen. The places are long and are a little difficult. I suggest the game makers to add a guide for placed we have done before. All over the game is excellent. The graphics are so much great which make the game look like a computer game. There should be monthly new levels.
Dragonball User : This is outrageous! Everytime i open the game it just shuts down automatically. It's a really great game but if this stuff keeps happening like being shut down, freezing at checkpoints, not being able to go beyond the hidden forest, then it's pretty much waste of your time. I hope that this game improves in these areas and gives a better experience for all players.
Samantha Decaul : I love, love, love this game. It's so fun, relaxing, and it's a great way to bypass time... Only thing I don't like is it's hard to remember if you visited a location before or not. It's a lil repetitive going through some of the levels. I think there should be a little nap in the top right corner somewhere to help u see parts of the land that u didn't explore yet. Something to help you without helping you too much. Other than that the game is amazing!
Kayla Macaroon : The storyline and gameplay are amazing! This is one of my favourite games to date and just the fact that you can fly is awesome. The controls are easy to learn and everything runs pretty smoothly. Sometimes it lags a bit and the graphics take up a lot of battery but you can easily change the graphics quality so its not a big deal. Anyways, thank you for this amazing app!!☆ ～('▽^人)
Tori Swaney-Hanna : This is such a beautiful game! The atmosphere is very relaxing and I could play it for hours. I like the fact you can get different capes, masks, hairstyles, etc through spirits! You really get to create your own little character and have good friendships with other players. However, it does take up battery life very fast and make your phone pretty hot. Also, something about the ending was bit disappointing. Kinda felt unfinished? Maybe my expectations was too high. Other than that, I love it!
FSJF Games : Beautiful graphics. Controls while flying SUCK. They never go where I want to! Flying is okay, because you can reboot your flight by going in a cloud, which you almost always will be next to, and it is just overall smooth. You go on beautiful and fun adventures with your friends, or random players that are playing with you. You can progress without them which is a good feature. Very nice sounds and music, I played with headphones and it is just amazing, makes me forget that I'm in a house!
Cassandra : So I've completed one playthrough of this game, its addicting, graphically astounding with a beautiful soundtrack. I have so many good things to say about the game that im only going to tell you what i didnt like. Firstly the social aspect, this game is designed for friends. There are puzzles requiring 2-8 players and the friending system is stupid and expensive. Just to unlock the ability to chat vosts candles. The game is prone to crash in high FPS areas.
padaw is happy : I'm surprised by the quality of the game as you can play it for free. Intriguing graphic. Enjoyable to play. I had to explore every corner in each map and always got excited to find new hidden places. But all the excitements were gone after a few months because it started to be very repeatitive. And after a few loop, you get bored. May be more areas to explore? Or more hidden spots in the old map? Or more storylines? ...please?
Gemariah C. Aquino : The game is amazing! Not much lag, even though the graphics are phenomenal! Since my internet and phone cant keep up, my quality is lower than others, but overall I don't rlly mind. The only thing that really bothers me is the control for the flying, its really difficult especially when chasing a spirit's memories. Sometime's I wanna turn left it turns back, or I wanna fly higher it goes right, its really frustrating (〒﹏〒).
Colin : This is the follow up to my favorite game of all time, Journey, and it hits all the same notes, but it's more social. And I can play it on the go! It's fantastic, you gotta try this. You can get basically the whole experience in a short but beautiful and satisfying playthrough, and if you like it enough to stick around the microtransactions are cosmetic in nature, and all unlocks are to facilitate social play. It's charming, and everyone I've met on here has been extremely friendly.
Shannon Carney : This game is beyond beautiful. It's stunning! The graphics, the music, and the overall feeling I get while playing it is magical. A lot of love and dedication went into making this beautiful piece of art! The only issue I've had is with the controls. Sometimes I have a hard time controlling my character. Other than that, this is a masterpiece and should definitely NOT be a free game. I'm not talking ads or in app purchases, just a one time install price.
GabrielJace : Great social game Can be confusing at first but its worth it. A bit repetitive if you play every day- but if you play with friends you dont even notice, and they are always adding new things : ) Update after long time playing: it gets SUPER buggy sometimes, annoyingly so. But the team is always working on fixes. However some of their fixes go too far and change things that the sky players love. Another update: It needs updates a lot, and I never have enough space for it.
Aayush Jain : Hi I have player flow, flower and journey so this game was kinda disappointing for me. Don't get me wrong, its beautifully rendered nd amazing hard work has gone into it but there are too many bells and whistles in this. I loved journey coz I could just chill out and enjoy and be in awe of the world. Here I have to try so many times just to reach from one place to next. The character builds up momentum sometimes, sometimes doesn't. Autolocking is weird. J was love and maybe set the bar too high
Ariariariarimu : Beautiful game! The story line is looking good so far BUT the controls for flying is not horrible not good at all, I always get stuck in clouds and cant input where I want to go properly and when I do get stuck (in a cloud) the game goes haywire! The graphic quality does down by like 40% and it is not fun to try and get a grasp so you can stop spasing out! I would 100% reccomend this game if those problems where resolved.
Bunni S. : It is fun while it last. I like the concept, the graphics are so good that my phone can't handle it at certain places (ie. Looking at temples and all those glares), so an option to lower the graphics without lowering the charm of the game would be fantastic. I really do wish to play the game smoothly throughout each places and admire its beauty. Controls are a little wonky especially the flight mode as well.
Asad Farraj : A beautiful, beautiful journey. The movement and physics are close to realistic, the story is great without a single word ever spoken, the graphics are on point with wonderful colours and artwork, and the music is spot on according to the environment and that too, of high quality. It's just a once-in-a-lifetime experience.
Lam Ching : It amazes and blows my mind that this game is free, the absolute beauty that this games contains is mind-boggling. The controls are easy to use after getting used to it, the characters are and cosmetics are cute, the gameplay and storyline is also quite fantastic. You make a lot of new friends and it has just the right balance of thrill and tranquility!
Ex Zamora : I love this game, amazing graphics, the friends concept is also really good. But, it get boring really really fast! Maybe add more maps? Or more interaction? To bring its full potential. Also add more tutorials because at the start of the game, I was really lost and didnt know what to do, untill I played more hours. It also crashes ALOT! Especially when I try to get the Winged Lights. It overheats your phone pretty quickly.
Faith Doughnut : I love this this game! It's packed full with beautiful maps, fun puzzles, friendship, and more. My sisters and I love playing Sky together, however I won't rate the game 5 stars because we've had a lot of issues with the game automatically separating us while we're playing together, it's so annoying to have to constantly rejoin each other's servers only to be moved to different servers again! Please fix this!
Extra U.A High Hero Course Student : A beautiful game honestly can't believe it's free. My phones a little old so it's not the best to play it on which is fine the game even tells me so. not a problem and even so it's not that laggy. The character runs pretty fast so it's hard to steer sometimes and flying is a little wonky. It can be very hard to land sometimes. But the music is beautiful and even with my graphics down due to my phone the world is gorgeous. Can be blinding sometimes with the light but I'm not bothered.
Purple Sense : Really love the game, it's a really good way of relieving stress, the visuals are so good, the atmostphere is so calming, yes even in the golden wasteland, the community is full of really nice people, however, I wish there was more to the controls, like adjusting the sensitivity of the camera or keep the movement joystick in just one place instead of keeping it centered on finger, other than that, this game is near perfection.
Chantala : Everyone already said it, but the recent update came with a lot of glitches involving dissappearing friends, broken social candles, darkness being unable to be burned away, and personally I keep still falling off the map when attempting to follow friends. I removed the star due to those glitches, but honestly I still love the game immensely. I've played it since launch, only recently coming back after a hiatus and still enjoys its incredible replayability, seasonal features, and visuals!
Huimangie Hope : This game is just so beautiful. Everything from the graphics, music and especially the story keeps the player attracted and entertained. It is true that sometimes it lags on my device ( I also get disconnected from my friends from time to time), and the controls may be hard for some people but I think it can get some getting used to after playing it for a while. Overall, despite that, I love this game and even recommended it to my family and friends and they love it as much as I do (◍•ᴗ•◍).
Phoebe Purtill : I have never fallen in love with a game more. It's social, I meet people from all over the world, and friendship is actually required to survive some of the harder parts of the game. You can go farther and further with a friend. The world is so immersive and I have yet to spend anything on it! My only issue is sometimes I get literally motion sick from the flying mechanics being imprecise with where I'm going. That's because the camera moves on its own and changes perspective.
Jello Bread : Great Game but problems: 1. Battery usage. Your phone can be at 39% and in 5 mins, its already at 20% regardless what phone you have. 2. Controls. You wanna jump up, the game decides that you want to jump up to the left or right instead. 3. Eye of Eden. Other than the annoying wind, the end to free the lost ones has a barrier where rocks constantly fall, if passed that barrier, returning back to the main area will have that constant rock falling on you, disabling you from doing anything.
that trans wiccan : I've changed review completely. I've finally got everything to download. I absolutely love this game it is my favourite one ever, I can 100% recommend this to anyone looking to relax and explore places and interact with different people and make a few new friends along the way. My favourite part is when you save the spirits. I'm looking forward to new content.
Toasted Marshmallow : this game looks like it would be on steam. the controls are polished, the graphics are amazing, the art direction Is beautiful, the muliplayer isn't the main focus of the game, and the music and sound design is amazing. the cosmetics look really good, and I would actually pay for the season pass. 10/10.
Ryan Dowdy : Really a great game. Beautiful to explore and flying is fun. My only complaints are 1) that it's not very compatible with solo players. I work a lot only have time for a quick 10 - 20 minute play here or there. That schedule is not suitable for this type of social gaming. 2) the flying controls were difficult on my phone. I ended up bumping into everything and getting turned around often
18_readd Shahorin Rahman : I'm just in love with sky ^^ But I would've rated 5 ⭐ if it didn't have so many bugs =_= Also the server change is super annoying like I'm holding hands and playing with my friend then suddenly we just split up ugh. And sometimes it's so glitchy that I'll just have a black screen & my phone will freeze, which happens the most in GW. Please fix these issues asap so that we players can enjoy the game more and have a smoother experience✌🏻 Other than this, this game is AWESOME!! Worth playing❤
Valerian : The game is very fun to play alone, or with friends. It definitely is a slow-burn progress. It can be played f2p, and the graphics are amazing. If this was all there was to it, I would leave 5 stars. But! Bugs are an issue in this game, especially on Android devices. Bugs are slow to be fixed, and so you have to live with bugs for quite some time. I have been dealing with a visual glitch for around 2 weeks now, alongside other players. If I didn't have friends here, I would've dropped Sky.
Jennie C : It's a beautiful game for sure, the graphic is the best among all the other mobile mmo I've played. The problem is the gameplay, it's fun the first round, but the fact that there's no save point in maps, no teleportation within maps, and most of the cut scenes are skippable is a deal breaker for me, it's too time consuming to enjoy and it kills you with boredom.
CrystalComyet : It's a really great game! I love the graphics and music, and the fact that you can meet other players and travel through the story together. One thing that is missing though, I somehow get tired of the music (sorry), and when I went to mute it in the settings, there wasn't any function for that. Could you have a mute function? Other than that, it's an amazing game. :)
Puppet Scale : I had a lot of fun and the graphics were beautiful! Love the character designs and the settings as they truly represent the theme that they are meant to stick to. A little criticism would be that the controls were a bit hard to maneuver. I had a hard time avoiding monsters and harmful settings because of the controls. Other then that, it was really fun to play!
zeno : Great game! I love it. It's super fun! The graphics and everything i like how you can customize your character, i recommend that maybe you can make a new place? Or maybe a secret place in the eye of eden? It's kinda getting boring now >•< but other than that its relaxing! I like playing the game when im sad :) im also a bit annoyed with the jumping. Also i almost forgot there's this bug that when i try to picture it glitches it makes me leave the game. keep up the good work! It's a great game :)
Levi Heh : Surprisingly beautiful with slightly difficult controls. I was cynical about this but it quickly grew on me. If you catch a group of friends doing their own thing, it can be very endearing to watch, like the game it's inspired by. This feels more like a collect-them-all dress-up grind rather than focusing on the journey itself, but expressing you yourself while playing I've learned can also be fun.
Axel Entros : This is such an amazing game! The art style, the gameplay, the concept, it's all incredible! Such an awesome game, it's a pity that the performance is so poor with my device. I can't get past the hidden forest because it just keeps crashing! My only request is to continue updating the performance, but other than that no complaints! This game is amazing, keep up the great work!
Maddy Uriarte : Graphics are BEAUTIFUL, i always find something new in this no matter how many times i go through ghe realms. Its not a pay to win at all, and it challenges you in certain areas as well!! I've already spent a whole 40 hours playing this because its SO fun and stimulating. Its interactive as well!! One of the best games I've played.
Rose Waters : Love the graphics! The guide is very confusing though, I agree with another review in the sense that this game isn't meant for mobile. It should be on PS4, Wii U or the switch. It's difficult to control, the camera angles are very odd and objectives and hints aren't clear. Other than that it's a fantastic game, if you love journey, you'll love sky.
Anthony O : Beautiful. I think that if they would be more inclusive with low gamma device users, rate would be more than 5 stars. Definitely one of the better online games. Not intrusive, relaxing and totally social if two or more people really want to socialize. Honestly, other than the unnecessary high requirements to play, it's perfect. Would be perfect, as I said, if it'd be at least almost all devices available.
Sana N. M. : I loved everything about the game; the storyline, gameplay, characters flow and movement, except the fact that the graphics rendering was quite low on my device. I did get the msg sayin my device doesn't meet the minimum specifications but I would love to play the game again with better visual experience. Hoping for an update for that.
Kensid : Sky is a social adventure game that tells a story without words, and I'd say it tells that story pretty well. At least well enough to get the jist of what's happening. The visuals are amazing and there are certain areas you can only get to with another person. End game is fashion, making friends, and being an instrumentalist because you can play music with instruments you unlock in this game :)
Rachel Mahoney : So far I'm in love with this game ! It's so much fun finding all the lost spirits and gaining more flight time by leveling up. However I did have difficulty understanding the games goal at first, and I still find it difficult to navigate since there are no maps. But the graphics are gorgeous, so wandering isn't so bad !
Cristal T : This game is absolutely gorgeous, and very fun to explore and find spirits. It is also very very relaxing. The one problem is that its very laggy and it crashes a few times from it, though i understand that its being worked on. I think the most impostant thing is to work to allow the experience to be smoother and then it would be a 5star
lukewli F. : I honestly think this game is really awesome but the controls are absolutely horrendous. The game has amazing visuals and a well rounded plot. But on the flip side its extremely hard to 100% enjoy it when the controls are so bad. Also capes cost alot of hearts. I'd love to customize my character a bit more but I just can't afford it. Other than that the other affordable options are really cute and fun.
trashbag : I've started playing this game, and it's beautiful. I also love that it's compatible with controllers such as the PS4 controller. The only problem I am experiencing is a lot of lag. When I play the game, it's constantly lagging to the point where I have to stop moving until the normal 30FPS are on again. I've tried changing the FPS rate to energy saving, but that didn't work. I tried deleting and reinstalling the app, but that also didn't work. I really, really hope that this gets fixed.
Navaneith Panjiray : The overall animation, character movement, storyline is very good. But one problem that I've encountered is the buttons for the flight and jump are difficult to use. Its like when I want the character to jump he starts flying and vice versa. It would be better if you guys could like fix the buttons issue. Overall great game 👌🏽
Caroline Bouvier : This is an amazing game. The visuals are beautiful, the music is soothing, the worlds are vast, and it's easy and fun to make new friends. The game encourages empathy and helpfulness, and it's very easy to help others. There are a few small glitches like spirits appearing blue when I've already relived them, but the game for the most part works flawlessly if you don't go out of bounds. Seasons and events keep it interesting, so you at least want to play it a few times a week to keep up.
Dawn S : I saw an ad for this game and really wasn't expecting much. But I was so pleasently surprised by the quality and execution of this game, I looved the graphics and storyline! Finished the game in less than a month and I'm going back again to play through all the world's again! My only complaint would be to have a better way to get hearts and special candles, as it is extremely difficult to buy all items from each spirit.
Saturnic Fam : This is a really fun game. There are beautiful realms to explore and great friends to make. My only problem is that this game is a bit bugged, especially Hidden Forest. Other than that, it's a really relaxing game but the hearts system could be improved more. I wish there was another way to get hearts since some friends don't give heart back :(.
Alex Alexiss : Game is a little heavy, heats up the phone and drains the battery. Don't recommend playing if you're not capable to charge after (if you're under 60%). And reason #2 for only 3 stars, this game doesn't have an option to turn off sound. And for those that like listening to music while playing games, this is a "can't do". The game doesn't recognize that and sounds overlap resulting in a headache. But if you're on ios, from what I've heard you can listen to your own music while playing the game.
Kevin Niemira : Really cool game. Great art and story. It may not be your exact cup of tea in a game, but it is a worthwhile gaming experience. Worth playing completely through at least once - esp. as it is completely free (and contains no ads or pressure to pay). Better with a friend - although the game allows plenty of opportunities to meet friendly players for any puzzles that might require help. This is a truly interesting and original game that stands on its own as a piece of art. Please keep adding more!
Anik Adhikari : One of the Most Beautiful Games I've ever played. It has 6 different realms to visit, all with its own type. There are other players with whom you can make friends. But the good thing is that the season pass is all about cosmetics, so if you don't want to spend money, it's ok because you will not gain less progression. Also the Devs always engage us with new areas and story each season! In lower spec devices the game could lag a little but other than that, worth 5 🌟🌟🌟! Go On and try it out!!
Shushia : The game is amazingly made, absolutely beautiful. But after playing through it several times it kind of loses its touch. Events are useless unless you're spending money for cosmetics, it's why I quit despite having spent money to support the developers. The absolute worst thing they could do is make all cosmetics cost money (even the repeat travelling spirit) which they said they might be doing.
Hana Fink : I love the game! It's free and fun. I play it on my Nintendo switch all the time, but i have a small problem. I recently downloaded the game on my phone and connected it to my account and it went great. The thing that bothers me, is the graphics on my phone. On the Switch it looks flawless, but on the phone it's laggy and almost looks pixelated. I will continue playing on other platforms, but on the phone, it's just a big no from me :(
Adam Micallef : This is by far one of the best graphical game I have ever played on Android. It makes you so relaxing and wanting to play more! It is a must for couples and friends to play with and has a sweet story for all ages. I hope the story in the future would expand through DLC and patches are frequently impleneted in the game for better stability and experience.
Mark Shuman : The game is amazing, beutiful lightning in the graphics lovley music, and a story that expresses alot in the fact that you as the player are a sacrificial hero. The only complait I have is the controls. I don't know of any settings that can adjust the sensitivity, or if the auto jump feature can be turned off. It's challenging useing the controls, especially during the trials without your flight. Other than that, I have no complaints I highly recommend at least one full play through.
adayyoff : i cannot go through the levels without the game crashing. I didn't mind it at first but it started to get more frequent and increasingly annoying to play. i couldn't even go through the Valley of Triumph without crashing every single time. i even lost one of the wings because i collected it while the game crashed. im stuck in a certain area because moving just a little would cause the game to crash. i hope this would get fixed sooner and hopefully the crashing would reduce.
Sean Vestal : This game is amazing. Beautiful colors, the music is nice, it's so simple yet i can play for hours and not get bored. Sometimes the controls suck but you'll grow accustomed to them. I don't like how i have to sit around to get other player support in order to get some things but that doesn't take away from gameplay. Bonus star because i can play it using Bluetooth compatible controller 👌🏾
Fluffy Narwhal : I would definitely recommend for someone who wants to relax or just play an abstract game. After only playing for 30 minutes, I have to give high praise for the graphics, and the controls feel natural, only when gliding does it feel a little off. But that's really the only criticism I have. A really fun must-play game! :)
Cactus Boy : it's a fantastic game but its major issue is the optimization. the dev's have a message when you first turn on the app acknowledging such and that's fantastic. but when you have only 3 graphics settings it's very irritating. please work on some sort of motion blur and lighting settings that stuff is intense with this game and tho I love playing I need a break just for the head ace I've gotten. other wise it's a beautiful game that's safe and fun to play.
Sophie Evans : This game is absolutely amazing. The controls were a little confusing at the very start but I soon got used to them. The aesthetic of the whole game is incredible and the scenery is beautiful. The only think I think could improve this game is if it was available on a console or a device like the nintendo switch. Thank you to whoever made this, I played it when I felt like I needed to escape from the this world and it really does feel like ive been transported to another one when playing it :)
Seth Krier : My experience with this game is without a doubt, sensational. The story line and semi-open world let's you explore without feeling too lost. I would definitely recommend that you explore every nook and cranny for items and trinkets because they help you a ton. The only complaints I have with this game is sometimes the controls and camera pov are buggy. Besides that, I can't believe this game is free for how much development obviously went into it. Thank you to the developers!
Random Person : Beautiful art and sound design, very reminiscent of Journey, a game which I always wanted to play but never got the chance to do so. It's no action game but it more than makes up for it's lack of complex gameplay through the mysterious story, characters and people that you meet along the way, grabbing on to you and drawing you further and further into this exceptionally crafted world.
Kezia Eunike : The graphics are great, the game is cool and challenging. The only downside so far is just that sometimes when we're with friends we're suddenly seperated to another server although we're in the same location. We have to go back home and rejoin the friend to be able to play together again. Other than that, very recommended!
Not Sofi : I love this game so much as it is super relaxing and the controls are amazing. The graphics are adorable and I just love everything about it. Only problem is, usually happens around winged light, my game freezes and then kicks me. Whenever I return to that light specifically, it kicks me. I wish this didn't happen because it's very hard to play the game to the fullest. Is there any way to fix this?
SignalStars : This game is a beautiful experience with relaxing gameplay, a magical soundtrack and an outstanding, otherworldly, and powerful story. Best game I have played on mobile, and I certainly cannot wait for the Nintendo Switch adaption! Near the end, which I won't spoil, I'll just say it got me crying for a good while. One problem I have though is the fact I cannot turn off the music unless I missed something. This one mistake isn't enough to convince me to get it to 4 stars. 5 stars only.
Sangwoo Jung : One of the best games I have ever played on mobile. Its graphic is on point. The scenery and music are just absolutely stunning as you fly around and explore around this world. I just wish that there is just a bit of explanation or more hints on the story of the world so players would feel more engaged with the game. I know it is pretty hard to leave "hints" in a "no talk at all" game, but I am sure there is a way if u think hard enough. Overall, such a nice job and keep up the great updates!
397_Agastya Taqi Muhammad : It's an amazing game to experience with unique gameplay & gorgeous graphics, the music is also very well done & it makes the whole experience even more magical. The way it encourages people to cooperate & help each other is also very cute and well done. Some slight FPS drop could be noticed when you zoom out or when there r a lot of lights and players, but that is to be expected when the game is *this* beautiful. Controls r easy to grasp but hard to master. I would say this is 9.9/10. Wonderful.
Eric Bellesfield : What can I say, except "WOW". Some developers make a game to just make revenue; making it impossible to enjoy without pay-to-play. While there's in-game purchases, you can easily enjoy it without. That being said, I am definitely going to support this game by getting a season pass. With beautiful graphics, an orchestral music score, cooperative puzzle-solving, and an engrossing story line, this game is infinitely replayable. It'll take you on an emotional rollercoaster from beginning to end.
Aswathi T : The game is amazing, especially if you want an ad-free game,which you can play with friends,safely make friends around the world too.Graphics are just great.its a really relaxing game ,yet filled with beautiful adventures. The only problem I have with the game is that after we join our friends ,they get seperated from us like a glitch,and it can be very annoying at times,since we have to go back home ,join them again multiple times in an hr of play
Abigail Anne : The graphics n the views are all very pretty. I also like the gameplay. But I'm currently facing one problem and that is not being able to log in :( the first time I played it all went smooth n well but then I tried to log in again on the next day and it keeps saying Error Communicating :(( I mean it's a really pretty n good game and I would love to be able to play it again soon :(( if there any any server problems please fix it soon :<
Brendan Sia : A PC/Console quality game on mobile. Visuals and graphics are absolutely stunning, game play mechanics are smooth, and one of the most beautiful audio and music. I love the idea and I think this has potential to be even better. One drawback is the game may require a more high end device to enjoy a seamless and lag free experience
Amethyst The Myth-AmophiEon : I like the game beautiful Graphics, great music, however my phone will get hot and shut off, it would lag, and I got as far as deep Grove and it just stopped working for me anyway. It would be cool if it could be on Console like switch or Xbox or something that way everyone can enjoy it. I can imagine right now adding my friends on console and having fun. But it's obviously not working on my phone. I would definitely play it if it was on console. Thank you and Merry Christmas.
Merial Gaskill : This is a wonderful game with an amazing community. Although the overall "main game" is relatively short I keep coming back just to run around with the other players. The controls are fantastic and I never feel like my thumbs are in the way like with many mobile games. It is free; while I have spent money on it already, you don't have to. All the rewards are optional cosmetic items that don't effect gameplay. Overall a beautiful, wonderfully crafted game that sucks you into its colorful world.
calsefer : Gorgeous game, beautiful graphics and sounds. Gameplay is very fun and can spends hours playing. Only giving it 4 stars though because I'm experiencing some bugs in the game which makes gameplay alittle harder for me. Also things like setting isnt told to you right away which kinda makes no sense also alittle more of a "guide" for new players would appreciated, or atleast an option for one.
Gabriela Finocchio : A beautiful, spectacular game. The graphics are amazing and the theme is very interesting and entertaining. It's very fun to fly, go skiing, make friends, and search for the secret things in the game ^v^ The characters are also very cute, and the in-game pics sometimes make for awesome wallpapers ;3 My only complaint is that things are getting more and more expensive as events go on, so now I barely manage to snatch new items :(
Cody Thompson : Absolutely amazing! I didn't know mobile games could be this great! I only have 2 complaints one, the game drains your battery FAST, but that is to be expected with such a good looking game. My other small con is that the controls when flying are a little wonky. Your character practically fly's on their own and forces you in directions occasionally. Other than that fantastic game!
Pineapple ඞ : This game suits completionists better in my opinion (i am one hehe), and the flying controls make me feel like a lot of people just like flying around all over the place. Stunning visuals for a mobile game and its multiplayer! Great game, and although it gets repetitive after you beat it, the multiplayer experiences make it feel like everyday something new will happen. Will be playing for the next month, im sure of it. 👍
Mohammed Nagi : Great game with wonderful graphics and stunning gameplay. My only complaint is that the game limits what you can do without buying a subscription. Some of the cosmetic items can really only be bought if you use real currency; Which is fine really but I hoped you would leave a way for those who either can't afford to pay or just don't want to pay.
Taylor Horton : A gorgeous, peaceful game in a time of turmoil. I picked up this game not knowing anything about it or the developers. I was not disappointed. The ambiance, visuals, and music are second to none. If you're looking for a game that is relaxing, captivating, and awe-inspiring, them look no further! To the devs: Thank you for bringing a little light into a world that's gone very dark. ❤️
Blurryphan : Absolutely amazing! I was truly blown away by just the introduction. The sound design is phenomenal and the story and graphics are absolutely lovely. The level design so far is seamless and gorgeous. It doesn't feel like levels to a game and I don't feel like I'm on a set track. All of those are what I look for in a game like this. Never thought this quality was possible on a mobile game let alone being at this quality and so slept on. Well done!
Phoenix : Truly brilliant. Best ambiance I've seen for a mobile game. Peaceful, relaxing, fun to play, and addicting to explore. Starting to get pretty buggy with each update, though. Kind of ruins the experience when the bugs are game breaking, but still a solid experience over all if you don't take it too seriously.
Sean P : After having played this game for a couple weeks I can honestly say it's a truly wonderful game. The storyline is memorizing, the visuals are stunning and the musical score is honestly my favorite part. This is a multiplayer exploration game that rewards you if you help others. It may seem vague at first what you need to do to progress but it a smart choice by the developers because the game will presently surprise you if you're patient and explorative.
Vyllan : I don't review a lot. But DAMN this game holds up to be a PC or console game. Maybe not AS good on the graphics side (but hey the screen is like 3x smaller), but the gameplay and music, oh it's there. Oh! And controls are satisfying too, the flying just feels amazing. Nitpicking here, sometime when there's lots of players around, it can get confusing where to go and what to press. Other than that, first real mobile game that made me compare it to console/PC
The Omnomberry : It's pretty, but the controls are absolutely wild. You're often jumping huge leaps off of things when you don't want to, or sliding uncontrollably when you wany to stop. And your controls and camera actively work against you when going through krill infested territory. There also isn't much else to do. Once you finish the story, you just collect emotes and fashion.
Sai K : Graphics wise it's beautiful, and very much like Journey (the old playstation classic also from the same people). The controls have a pretty harsh learning curve for new players and sometimes stop responding properly, making the game somewhat difficult to play. It's bit of a mixed bag, but still worth trying and seeing if you enjoy it.
Rachael O : This is such a good game, wonderful soundtrack and graphics. The story so far has been so interesting. I would like to get even more invested in this game, but it's unfortunately really glitchy. It freezes up quite a bit and it sometimes slow. I don't have a problem with other games including ones that are more performance heavy. Also, some instructions are a bit vague, it would be nice to get an in depth tutorial
dandra montes : This is an astonishing game with probably the best visuals while maintaining good controll and an intriguing type of 'story line' to follow! Theres times when it's a bit hard to control but almost never plus it gives it a good challenge to the player that keeps the game interesting. Time passes so fast with this game, so if that what your looking for this is also perfect!
Anja S. : As much as I loved the game, I am afraid that my phone no longer has space for new updates. I hate having to leave the game behind and becoming another inactive friend to some of the people I've added, but I really have no other choice. The controls are a tad bit wonky from my experience, and there are a lot of bugs and server/connection issues. The game is too grindy for my taste, and I'm finding less time for playing, so eventually I am left with nothing. Might return someday.
Kenna Early : This game is so amazing!! I adore making new friends and unlocking hand-holding, piggy back rides, etc. It's an absolute JOY. Stunning graphics as well. Only complaint is that the controls can be wonky and there are quite a few bugs - but a lot of glitches are actually great fun, like clipping outside the map It also required a good phone to run it, it's hard on my phone (Google Pixel 1) but it still runs great. 1000/10 would reccomend this game to anyone
Areeagan M. : The graphics are BEAUTIFUL!! The sound design rocks, the players are inCREDIBLY friendly, and the character design is wonderful! The controls for flying are a little confusing at first, but you eventually get the hang of it. But besides that, this could very well be my favorite game! :D Wonderful job, devs!
Mico Longcop : It's good and all especially the lesson it teaches you once you finish the game. The only problem is sometimes the color(sorry i don't know what it's called😅... but the players know what i mean) is too bright and sometimes it's too dark. And i suggest adding more places and improve the graphics. Oh ond one more thing... keep it up😊
Fiorine M. : The gameplay is amazing but the thing is it has WAY too many stuff rendering at the same time. My phone (which has a fast internet) cannot handle all of it, especially the glowing ones. I've been kicked out from the game too many times because of my sudden drop of frame rate. I'll give it 5 stars if you guys fix this problem.
madvillain 7 : I can't possibly say anything negative about this game.... It is simply beautiful! Yes, I get a bit frustrated with the controls on occasion, but that is only a minor drawback when it comes to the WHOLE experience. Beautiful graphics, fun gameplay, and a beautiful story, that is told VISUALLY. I LOVE this game, and I look forward to finding more like it. WELL DONE!
Robert Njoroge : Fantastic game. Very simple and relaxing, yet fun and challenging at the same time. The way that you can socialize with other players adds a lot of enjoyment as well. The game is also very beautiful with great art, animations and mechanics. The music and sound is also really enjoyable and sets the mood of the game really well. Some challenges I had: I found it a hard to find my friends through the menu and also got stuck (lost?) in a few places, which was frustrating, but I still enjoyed the game. I would definitely recommend giving it a try!
DrunkDoge : The game has absolutely beautiful and stunning graphics, although you can't enjoy this on an older phone. I would've given 3 stars but it's has some bugs, like I was going in and out of the map while I was holding hands with a friend. After playing for bit with a friend we finaly found a bench, but I wasn't able to chat for some reason. Then my dpad froze not allowing me to move. My friend kept offering their hold to hold but I couldn't grab it. Watching them leave me behind was really sad.
Caleb Isaacson : All around incredible experience. It's got stuff for solo play, it's got tons of stuff for social play, and it has a ton of replayability. Beautiful graphics, amazing music, powerful story, and I absolutely love every bit of it. I've even made a few good friends in game and we hang out together daily to explore the world of Sky. 11/10 would recommend.
Kim Snow : The game keeps lagging and crashing when I get to the hidden forest level, especially when the rain comes in it just crash. Please fix it. Even after the update the game still keeps lagging and crashing in certain parts of the map. I know the game is still new but my phone can handle high performance games and no lag or crashing.
putri nabila wardono : Aside from the control difficulty during flying (I wish they have landing button or something), this game is great! The visuals are simple but mesmerizing, storyline is great and have peaceful backsounds. In darker realm the suspense is also great. However I wish there is a better ending than losing all your wings in eden and have to recollect the winged light everytime I try to finish the game. I also wish the developer can make more of this kind of game available for mobile game.
Reza Hamdani : Great graphics, great art design, great music. This game offers unique experience in mobile gaming with great maneuverability to explore its marvelous world and how it connects you with other player. My only gripe is how small the buttons are, I hope in future update we'll be given the option to readjust button size and its placement (freely without preset).
Alaska Kojo : The game itself is amazing. I would love to give this game 5/5 but on current state is it slightly laggy even on brand new phone and does not sadly support my tablet. But overall the gameplay, graphics and overall game is amazing even tho sometimes hard to control. I do wish there would be an option to lower the graphics for smoother experience. Cant wait for the pc / console release as I do believe it is overall a better experience on those platforms.
jenn : This game is amazing! Especially the graphics! It took me a while to understand the game's story... but the mechanics are quite easy to use. To top it all off, every visual aspect in the game can easily be a wallpaper (even with a simple screenshot) and it's an amazing social place to hang out with your friends too! ^^
Skinnyluigi : Absolutely stunning. This is by far the best graphics I have ever seen in mobile. I can feel the dedication through every aspect of playing. Very VERY good job to the Sky Team. I can tell the developer had a great idea and did not make ANY cuts implementing it. I am so glad you all stay determined and continued to become the best you can be. This is your friendly neighborhood Android user bringing to light the hard work you developers put in. Thank you!
honor : If I'm being honest, such a quality title shouldn't be released on mobile. I've played these guys' other game, Journey, and they can really make impressive, beautiful games. But this game should NOT be on mobile. This should be on PC or consoles. That's really my only issue with the game. The flying is amazing, the visuals and music are beautiful (as expected coming off the back of Journey) and the game is a blast to play.
Eric Zinke : Amazing!! I thought this looked interesting when it released last summer. But, didn't have iOS. So glad it finally dropped on Android. The game is not for everyone. Great graphics, decent controls. The only thing I wish was a little different is the flying. I wish there was more to do in the sky. Like hidden areas or maybe even races.
hawk : i never leave ratings but i had to give my heartfelt opinion on this wonderful game. this is without a doubt the best mobile game i've ever played. the visuals are lovely and the music moves you in such amazing ways. the characters themselves are super charming and the flight mechanic is everything i dreamed of and more. the way you can interact with your friends is also super cute. there are times where your character keeps moving even though you clearly stop it but it's not anything serious.
Caroline Scudder : The story is intriguing, the plot is satisfying, and the seasonal structure keeps the game interesting. Graphics and music make a wonderful aesthetic. The social aspect is great: making friends has gameplay benefits, there are lots of team tasks, and very little direct competition - so there is a general atmosphere of cooperation and helpfulness. This is a very sweet, relaxing, entertaining game that never gets old.
Petar Zorotić : Need improvements! This is potentially THE perfect game. The experience of playing the game is currently ruined by the lagg it has (I have a Galaxy Note 9). It laggs while the graphics are already pixelized and I can't set the graphics to max. Because the game won't let me. The controls are a bit confusing, but that's possibly just because of the stuttering that the game ocassionally has, which is the main issue, the game needs more optimization! My phone GPU and CPU can take this!
Jordyn Moore : Amazingly emotional game with a very deep and strong experience. From the aesthetic graphic design to the amazing soundtrack and extensive world, I'd say this is an amazing free to play game. There are in app purchases for certain extra cosmetics and extra candles, but the game has to make money somehow, and it isn't required to play and enjoy the game as a whole. This is a 10/10 for me, I loved it and I still do, 100%.
jason y : This game is literally perfect... Superb graphics, storyline and presentation... But there is a bug in wasteland which the whole game will freeze when i am travelling from the boneyard to the battlefield or from the shipwreck to the battlefield. The game will just go black, freeze and the only thing that i can see is the number of candles that i have. So, everytime I candle run, i have to go through this and restart the game, which is very frustrating.
G.エリン : The game is beautiful (ofc) and the story is cute but the controls can be really sucky at times. Theres a lot of the game taking control of the flying sections (and the camera when it's most inconvenient) which defeats the fun of them. This game also quickly overheats a phone and drains battery even on the lowest graphic settings. Additional downloads take up even more space as well. It really should be a console game.
Blanca Araujo : Beautiful animations and art style with lovely stories. A game you can play with friends and discover new places and gain items along the journey. I do have an idea though. What if with the different sounds we are able to call an animal to follow us as a companion. Or to make it challenging make the creatures of light turned to be consumed by darkness and we have to give them light to transform them to light creatures again .Then the creatures can become our companions along the journey.
Hemy Rhee : amazing graphics and movement. only problem is whenever i load up the game, it tells me to download a part of the game. i accept and allow it to, but then it "fails" and then reappears asking the same question. i don't know what to do. ((EDIT; contacted them and i figured out that once i cleared out at least 3gb, it worked. thank you for the fast response, despite being a small team.))
baby boy : This game has been extremely helpful during self-isolation. Graphics are good, the online multiplayer aspect is fun and frankly adorable, and the music is great. Only issues come from occasional bugs such as getting stuck on things, odd stuttering due by cutscenes, and flying is nice but sometimes disorientating and hard to control. More potential levels in future expansions would be nice as well. Other than that this game was worth the wait and reccommended 👍
jojo elf : amazing graphics, even greater soundtrack and just a magical world that is so fun to explore, on your own and with friends! it has some little flaws, like the fact that you cannot turn the in-game music off or that a lot of the events and special things like travelling spirits are so costly in candles. if you are a cosmetics collector like me, that means you have to do a lot of candle runs and that can get tiring and defies the purpose of the game a little. other than that - perfect! <3
Emely Lucerne : Amazing and beautiful game. I cant believe its for mobile and free. No ads, no pushing you to buy things in the store.The older players are super nice and everyone offers to be your friend and fly you around. So calming and cozy to sit and play on your instruments together and jam, or just fly and slide around. The flight controls are kind of hard to get used to in the start, but once you do its a very calming experience. A great spiritual successor to Journey where they expand on everything that made that game good. I wish I could play it on console or PC, so looking forward to it being ported in the future.
Strawberry Milk : I absolutely LOVE this game. It's so interactive and the characters as well as the graphics and just the overall gameplay is done so well, you can really tell they put a lot of work into this game. I have already played this once, but unfortunately I had to delete a lot of apps so my progress was lost, but I'm not even upset. I enjoy(ed) the game so much that it doesn't bother me to start over :)
Guy Peralta : A little glitchy at times but it's genuinely great fun once you make friends. Not enough content to really play the game long term though since it hinges on repeatedly exploring the same few areas and completing the same handful of daily challenges. If you like collecting cosmetics this game is for you. But once I outfitted a character in a way I liked I found I didn't want to collect anymore and there's really no content aside from cosmetics and gestures since exploration is limited.
Jameson Yendrembam_21MCA3029 : overall gameplay is good. I had nothing to say about the game. but one thing i would like the developers to ask is that the graphic in the Android isn't that optimize.. my device is running on Android 10 and packing a Snapdragon 845. but what it does is that the default game graphic is not so good. The high performance is good as it enables 60fps but the graphic isn't that clear. The sound also starts to lag a little bit. i hope the graphics will be a little optimized in the next update.
Noor V. : I absolutely love this game, even though I spiralled into a panic attack when entering Eye of Eden. Still figuring out how to get through the safest way, but I'll eventually get there! The graphics are magical and the gameplay is easy. Sometimes I can't decide to play one-handed or two-handed, but both options are relatively easy to control. Will definitely try to plow through Eden when I'm ready!
Joe Abreu : This game is beautiful, pleasing to play, relaxing and absolutely lovely. But... This game uses non verbal expressions to communicate with other players. Which is absolutely terrible when a task requires all 8 players to perform an action before they leave an area by the really obvious and looks like the right way teleport, which is actually an exit. I've wasted 4 hours trying to complete this "simple" task and all has failed, because theres no way to directly tell a player what to do.
Fay Gosling : For a calming game, it can give you an aneurism! It's a beautiful game but some of the challenges feel like they require pro skills the Valley of champions a number of the spirits and challenges can be in my opinion too difficult. It's made me so annoyed that I can't do it that I've ruined 2 phone chargers through frustration alone on 2 separate occasions, if you go in it for just the flying It's fine but if you get tempted, it's too stressful I think have to stop playing.
Jacob Kinsley : I love the idea of playing this game, but it just makes my phone too warm when I use it. There's no menu to change graphics settings, which means you're forced to make your phone overheat and watch the framerate chug when there's more than 2 objects on screen at once. As nice as the visuals are I really think this is something that should have been implemented from the start, as graphics do not matter to me nearly as much as high framerates, and no one wants a boiling hot phone.
Adnan Pipić : One of the best games I've ever played with such inspiring sceneries and beautiful sound tracks. The only thing that I in particularly don't like are controls everything else is total fire. Besides that I encountered some problems like glitches and when I try to relieve the souls some of them disappear and when I try again the same thing happens eaven if I restart the game.
Nyan Fatt Liew : Love the graphic, love the whole theme, but the game just crashes too many times and buggy. Its hard to join your friend. Keep bringing me to social place when my friend is somewhere different place in the map. By the time i reach there. Cant trace my friends at all. Really hope they fix the bugs n crashes. Will be very mad if the game crashes during the last stage and i lose all the hard earned stars for nothing.
Kole Cox : Wonderful gameplay experience, never would have expected something this engaging and beautiful in a mobile format. I typically think of phone games as time wasters - this one truly stands out as being as good as any standard video game. I will be purchasing it for my Switch when it comes out to support the developers, it is that good. It's a simple but incredibly effective story told in a fun format with, again, simple but effective graphics. Absolutely love it!
Crazy Nonsense : Honestly the best mobile game I've ever played other then emulating. It's so beautiful, and every area looks like a painting! I just want to draw everytime I stop playing! The other players in this game are incredibly nice and often super helpful to newer players, and the fact that you can still get cosmetics and the likes without using transactions is honestly so nice (even if it takes a bit) My one and only complaint would have to be the difficulty in hearts- I dont have many friends for em
Tech Spore : Absolutely phenomenal game. The graphics, the art and the music is out of this world. Kudos to the devs for making this masterpiece. There is one issue that i am facing at the moment. I am not able to change the graphics settings and the device that i use is not at all underpowered. Its a snapdragon 855 but the resolution in the game is really low and fps is about 30. Please fix this.
Korean Taki : The costumes, the background/setting, world exploring, the graphics, it's amazing. I especially like how you can name your own friends lol. Though my biggest complaint about this game are the controls. It's so hard to control and make the camera steady, so I quickly got frustrated. Anyhow, it's still a good game
Cosmin Tomulescu : The idea of the game is fabulous. Flying around, meeting nice people, encouraging to offer time and items is great. The maps look super! The bugs..old and new appear after patches (randomly changing the servers, sometimes can't tp to friends, sometimes can't see chat, with this last update from August my map has periods when is appearing and dissapearing. For sure the devs have lots of work to do switching between new content and lowering technical debt. Maybe the team needs more developers!
Deathangel260 : Absolutely love the game. The game is amazingly breath taking. My only issue is I've been on the Trial of Sky in the new season for over an hour. Trying to get past the very last part. I have a phone that is over $1000.00 and I wanted to snap it in half so bad that it felt like it was killing me. I finally said screw it and cheated on the first lunge to make it to the statue because every time I would go the proper route the wind would stop me in mid air when going to the satue. Thank You.
Rogue Wave : The game is stunning, and I do adore mechanics like interactive multiplayer... But it seems too heavily inspired by the game Journey, which makes me constantly compare the two together while I play. Not to mention janky controls when it comes to flying or landing. Some maps are unbearably laggy, which makes me wish this game was on console instead of mobile devices.
Angelique Rafael : This game is visually and musically stunning. I especially love the friends I have made here. Interactions, cosmetics, and sounds are pretty and amusing. Even if the quests and exploration can be mechanically redundant, the fact that you can chat with friends and meet new ones makes one run different to another. Honestly, I'm surprised it's a mobile game when its quality is that from a console. For a game that I found when looking for dating sims, this is a gem.
smolRealma : It's very soft and cute~ Overall it's very fun to explore, and if you play this and think "Huh it kind of is like Journey.." well there's a reason for that! I more so especially look forward to when it comes out on the switch due to the general way controls work on any game on a phone, but! It's fun to fly and glide around, and sing little songs to the other players and talking through the emotes that they have~ If you're looking for a chill and cute game with exploration and secrets in it.. ♥️✴
Anusha Sareen : What a beautiful game...with much to explore, you find and unlock as you go...with many hidden paths and areas you can revisit to unlock more! Making friends is sweet so you can help each other if one is more skilled- plus calling for assistance and group achievements are available. What a fascinating game! I'm so in love with the music, the world, the gameplay everything💛 Sometimes there are crashes- probably as it's being constantly developed due to the popularity.
Manu G Raj : An ethereal game. It dazzles us with music, visuals and ambience. The environments are distinct, with a distinct visual flare. The game has fair share of glitches. Beware of the bug which traps between a small hole between steps and the only way to go home and traverse the entire path again. Yet, inspite of every little annoyances, the game is such a fantastic experience especially if you could get a loved one along with you into the game. The speechless social aspect elevates the emotion.
ÐogL¡fə1003 : I love the game so much, beautiful and relaxing. But the reason for four stars is bc the platforms in the Vault are glitching. When you sit on them, the glowing circle starts to close, but then opens again and doesn't take to the next level right away. You sometime have to wait on a a couple of times before the circle closes all the way. Other than that, the game is wonderful and you can really tell the creators have put a lot of work into it.
Pauline Florsch : Noteworthy: Amazing graphics, heartwarming interactions with other players, beautiful areas and awesome mechanics. Not all players will stay after completing the story-line once, but there us a lot of reasons to stay as well. The players who stay do so for the following reasons: meeting with friends, collecting cosmetics, exploring the areas and stories added by new seasons, and other things.
Arapurayil Zachariah : Edit: Updating my review since it's fixed now. Not five stars because I'm still disappointed with the bugs in the game. Payments are a hassle sometimes. Old review: The game is unplayable because it keeps crashing. I can't go anywhere. I walk into any area and the game just crashes and I have to restart. I paid for the adventure pass and can't even use it. I Losing daily seasonal candles and my real world money. Ridiculous. Thought TGC would've addressed this by now but it's been way too long.
Aldwin Mark Tolibas : "just the best there is." is my first comment/review, and a 5-star. Now it's down to three for 1 particular reason. When I visit to my friend's island and finish a certain task, it will just freeze. Not only the game but my entire phone. It's like a dead end so I needed to reboot my phone. I'd say "oh it should be a normal thing for a game" but I've already experienced it 3 times without failing of freezing every time I finish a ass-long task from a friend's map/zone/island. Please fix it asap.
Carina Everest : Awesome game! You can do loads of things, with minimal lag! There are so many places to adventure and so many little features for friendships. This is probably one of the most well thought out games I've ever played! May be on my list of top 5 best games I've ever played, and that's including CoolMath games! I'd suggest this to middle childhood, just stick the the prairie, or to Adolescence in harder areas. I'd give this a 5/5 no issues I have found so far.
Lucky : Okay. It has potential. The flying mechanics feel a little broken, when you're trying to fly upwards, sometimes your character decides to nosedive a completely different direction. Hoping the switch variation is a little better. The only overall MEH is the inability to purchase certain items without paying The updates are becoming more infuriating each time. They claim to be 700-800MB at a time, but WILL NOT download even if you have 3+GB free until you clear an additional 5GB. EVERY TIME.
Amylee Martinez : This is a great game. Yes it has some lags, but you have to make the best of it. Especially when the krill glitches it makes wierd movements and it very funny. Some things are for the best. When the spirit vanishes in mid connection, just go restart. It doesn't matter how many time you do it, as long if it's with a friend, you'll never get bored. I have alot of friends and help the new ones get all the maps.If it glitches you out, go back again. THIS GAME DESERVES A 5 STAR RATING. ❤
Cryptizism : This game has stunning graphics although my phones specs do not reach the recommended. It has got a simplistic and cute aesthetic about it which I like a lot. All the animations seem smooth, nice and realistic. The game (so far) seems to have a very laid back style so the game is good to just pass time when you don't want to get frustrated at a game. As of current I have not encountered any hiccups or glitches. The only thing that I wish to see would be what text was previously on the screen.
TheDivineSoul : The game is beatiful and the music is too. I think if you wanna play a game and relax this is the game for you. But I have a problem with the outfitting system, because i dont like how you have to obtain hearts, which are not the easiest thing to get, to get different parts of your outfit. I also think that the accessibility of different things should be easier.
Shade The Shapeshifter : Multiplayer? Check. Great music? Check. Allows to customise the avatar? Check. Award players for exploring? Check. Amazing visuals? Check. Tasks that are easy to do? Check. Cool emotes? Check. Allow players to talk with each other? Check. It's a beautiful game that have great visuals and wonderful music. It rewards those that does exploration around the realms and also allow players to work together to get to a certain level. It truly is a beautiful and wonderful game.
SerZienx777 : This game is amazing 👏 It's calm and pleasing, and very stress relieving. Most games I play just make me more stressed, but this one doesn't. It's not too hard, but there are simple little challenges and a huge world to explore! The graphics are great and the controls are very easy to understand. The concept of the story is also just so adorable. And the characters--they are so cute! 🥰
Fran Cat : I super love this game!!! What I like about this are the hidden places because I like to explore and at the same time its giving me beautiful scenery and music :D I rarely see this in many mobile games I had. I get to interact with other players too and it can be optional if you really want to :D I can be either exploring, finding stuff and taking challenges :D Very beautiful game.
niko : when i started playing the game, i was extremely surprised. sky just blasted some awesome graphics and audio of full clarity in my face. best game,, i'd definitely recommend others to play :D however i recently switched to an android phone and there was a small bug. when i get into sanctuary islands, my avatar starts to glitch and even disappear, and some of the objects glitch as well, which didn't happen when i had my iphone :(. i hope you can help to fix the bug soon!!
Ash : Great game. Good sound effects. Good graphics. But i cant download the additional files. It always fails thus cant progress. Also the game stutters even in the lowest graphics mode. Galaxy s7 edge. Android 8. Edit I solved the download error by following instructions on their website but it keeps happening for the subsequent levels. I cant be bothered to go through the entire process everytime i clear a level. Also the game is lagging due to a gpu compatibility issue with low end models
Pei-Jhen Wu : The visual and the music are extremely stunning. The story is alright. But I uninstalled because it was really super laggy, my phone became really hot while playing (I've played more demanding games but no such problems), the control is bad, the interacting with other players is confusing, also, the tutorial was really really bad. I could barely understand what to do. Overall, the aesthetics are good but the gameplay is eh.
Neppy5000 : It's the best mobile game. It's as simple as that. I have never felt so engrossed, and immersed in almost any other game, let alone a mobile one. It's incredible! I'm not saying many specifics because I just don't wanna spoil anything. It's free! With no ads! Just go try it for yourself! The only thing that I'll criticise is the controls (I was using touchscreen), they can be a little bit finicky at times, but other than minor annoyances that really didn't happen often, they're great! 10/10
Prince Patrick Maala : Sometimes it's hard to control. For some areas the camera angle rotates itself which is a bit irritating. There should be a setting for the circle pad to be fixed in the corner bc most of the time my thumb just move to the center of my screen bc the controls follow it. Idk it's a little hard to explain here. Wish there's a fixed position setting. Gameplay and Graphics are phenomenal though
Nicole Lee : This is probably one of the best games ive played. The music, the animations, the storyboard, i love it all!! its also really hard to get bored of it because theres always new seasons and things to explore and discover. It does use a lot of battery and data(if you dont have wifi) but overall an amazing experience
Trevor Anthony Rautenbach : Beautifully designed game. Great graphics and the game play itself is good with great controls assigned on the screen. The game is simple enough for anyone to enjoy but still has a lot of adventure to keep you interested. Have you ever considered to make a "Beyond Good and Evil" for Android. Can't be that difficult to make it Android friendly.
Maas A. : Sky is beyond everything I could have ever imagined. The VISUALS and sound and Music are BREATHTAKINGLY STUNNING ✨ The controls are easy and we'll made, the feel of the game is very enjoyable and moving and flying around is SO MUCH FUN ✨ The story and main goals of the game are amazing but it's really a game where you can go around and do whatever you want, and go wherever you want. It's relaxing and therapeutic. I keep discovering new amazing areas all the time! It's 1000000/10 life changing ✨
Sarah Sachiko : Edit: I still haven't been compensated for spells that didnt work. The controls are terrible. They seem to be getting worse with each update! Edit: I've changed from 5 stars to 3 stars. Sometimes when I use spells, they don't activate, but it takes ones away. When I enter Sanctuary Islands, I and other players are flickering. If that happens to someone epileptic, that could induce a seizure! When I take a picture with the in-game button, sometimes it will close the game!
Wrecked Wrek : Honestly, it is a stress-free game. However a problem has been detected. Everytime i went to Sanctuary. It keeps crashing and glitching. Please fix the bugs and glitches. Would give a 5 but the crashes is really bothering. This game helps my mental health but the bugs and glitches worsened it. Thank you
Manta Baybe : I LOVE this game and I have barely any issues with it I've had occasions where I have fallen out of the map (My first time in Eden ended because I fell through the map) if you could make the Graphics better- I have them on highest setting the apple graphics are still better- I'll be sure to give the app a higher rating :D. This it not a problem but it'd be cool if you could make the head peices and masks seperate accessories. It gives players more uniqueness. Other than that, great game!
Hold_Ma_Beer : Very relaxing game. Beautiful graphics and smooth gameplay. I would recommend giving is some control over graphical settings, like enabling 60/90Fps mode in supporting devices or resolution. Earlier, I was a bit frustrated because it was tough to understand the currency and the game was quite hard for my device to run (Nokia 5), but now, you have improved that as well and I've upgraded to OnePlus Nord! Keep up the good work!!
Holly : A beautiful game. Beautiful story. Very similar to Journey but in the best ways. I love the multiplayer aspect. I appreciate that the game is still playable and just as fun without in-app purchases (unlike most games). Speaking of, I appreciate that there are no ads. I have no complaints, except that I wish the game was playable on consoles or PC. That would be amazing.
A Judge : Absolutely my favourite game I've ever played, amazing quality and plays extremely well on phone, I love exploring, the flying, everything. I wish there was more because I love it so much. There have been frustrating times but it is such a good and well made game. Thank you creators, and I hope you guys make more realms and such to explore and more to collect. The possibilities are endless.
Anita Kulikov : Honestly, one of the best games I've ever played on mobile. The controls are simple and navigation is easy. It does get repetitive if you play everyday but the people and seasons are worth coming back to. Overall game play is beautiful and free spirited, and the map is big with new expansions added on season updates. You can explore anything and go anywhere you like - even glitch spots where it's possible to see the structure of the game. I. Am. Obsessed. ❤❤
Monika Magdalena S. : This is how you make a brilliant game for Android! Honestly there's so much to love Sky for that little bugs or issues are not really relevant. Beside the amazing, minimalistic graphics, great atmosphere, interesting story and incredible feeling when you fly or slide, there's the teamwork part and no sense of competition or losing that make this game worth giving a go. It also has to be mentioned that this is not a money-grab app with "offers" harassing you all the time like so many others...
Lazeh Potataes : The game is amazing! The controls for flying is so-so. Although, I do have problems regarding the Golden Wasteland stage. Around the shipwreck area, where the pipes lead to another part of the map. Whenever I try to enter said part, the game hangs, then crashes. It would be appreciated if this is fixed, thank you!
Jeffery Milak : Beautiful game. Music, atmosphere are unreal. The only reason why it's not getting 5 stars is because of the controls. I find it to difficult and so frustrating to try and fly or even jump somewhere only to have your camera not rotate with you. Perhaps if you give it more time than I did you can master it, but I ended up quitting before my phone got tossed across the room.
Marcky Ramos : Graphics are visually beautiful, the art of socializing without text but with expressions is a whole other way to make friendships, customization is great and full of a huge variety of items to use, an amazing experience of open worlds. This game can keep ur eyes on the screen in just the first minute, it deserves to be more than just a free game.
M : At first I enioyed the amazing graphics and relaxing pace & music. But after playing for a few days it became very frustrating as it seemed impossible to progress and I ended going in repetitive circles through areas which I'd already completed. It was hard to control the actions, especially while flying and jumping. I got frustrated and uninstalled the game as I got tired of being unable to progress and there are few incremental incentives to keep you motivated along the way. (Mobile app)
Sanjana Krishnan : Sky is a difficult game to review. Should you play it? Absolutely, it's helped in connecting me with friends, and make new ones! But is it a good game? Well, once you beat Eden, I found it pretty boring. Apart from some exciting seasonal events, it's pretty lackluster. Which sucks, I'd adore to see some more lore added to this game! But for now, due to the aforementioned lack of endgame content and abundance of glitches, I'll put it at a four.
siyeon's curled bangs : It's alright I guess? I'm a little irked by the fact I have to pay 500 bucks for 20 candles, and some of the minigames are a little frustrating because of the control (like the prophet challenges and one of the spirits at the Citadel/Orrery). Over all, fun game, would recommend, excellent artstyle, amazing soundtrack, just beautiful overall. The scenery felt like a 3D version of Broken Age, it's whimsical, it's entertaining, it feels great just being there.
The Spirit : Its a great game. Beatiful landscapes, smooth animations, pleasing music... Very aesthetic. You get candles really quickly in my opinion which is also a plus for me. I also absolutely love the interactions you can have with other players. Really the only downside is that the steering while flying is a bit wonky since you dont really know where to press to fly without issue but maybe thats jut me not having figured it out yet. I can only recommend it.
Alice 5 : I've honestly really enjoyed playing this game. It's very beautiful with really nice gameplay. It's so enjoyable to explore the various world and see more and more of them. The way in which the game manages its multiplayer system is super fun too with a heavy focus on co-operation where you can even connect up with people to fly with them. This system and the way some of the upgrades works encourages older more experienced player to help out newbies which is really nice and fun!
seasic : Absolutely amazing, though I'm gonna say this, this game is not for everyone. I love it because of the seasons, making of friends, and the cosmetics and all that but it does get repetitive. After you've finished all realms, it just gets boring, it's best to play this with friends so you get a new experience every time. Do something fun and crazy, ride krills, do whatever.
PhoneMatt : Such an amazing game! The scenery is so wonderful and different as you explore the environments this world is based in. I love how such a simple concept could be made into something beautiful. Unfortunately I'm giving this 4 stars due to the wonky controls. Walking around is alright but the flying system isnt so good. This wont stop me from playing though! I totally reccomend people to play this if you can handle the controls.
Jo : This game is excellent and addicting! But have to improve the communication portion of the game, I hope if possible, enable players for group call,so we don't have to type. Also I suggest an easier navigation for lighting friend stars so we dont have to have many clicks. Players also experience suddenly being transferred to other servers in while playing with friends. In anycase, It is so far the game that I love most! It releases my stress. Regards!
Zack Attack Costuming : I truly love this game, the scenery is beautiful, the music amazing, graphics phenomenal. The biggest con i have is the how loose and non in control i feel trying to control my character. I love the concept of the fluid movements and controls but half the time im finding myself getting frustrated either trying to just land on a platform to just slide off or not have enough tight reign on the controls to turn my character and not do a giant mistep in the wrong direction.
Meiyi Chu : Awesome graphics. Nice bgm. Still getting ahold on the flying skill, but definitely getting better. I still hate that creature though. I do hope also to be able to chat whenever I want to, although I understand the purpose of not being able to chat fully. It's difficult wanting to help but cant because they dont understand they expression I'm trying to pull.
Kallista Kroe : I really loved this. But. Game is not saving my progress; i just started the game, played for about an hour or so; went to play some more a few days later, and I was back to a brand new game--lost all my Gestures, Lights, improved cape, and exploration progress. So. Sad. I can't find how to submit a ticket, report a bug, nor contact devs or tech support. Flying is also not user-friendly on a phone. Otherwise, i enjoyed the game & would be 4 *s Update 12-31-20: Uninstalling.
Christel Theron : I find the game quite amazing, at first after finishing it I thought I would grow bored eventually because there isn't all to much to do afterwards, but I continued and it became quite a relaxing fun game, made a few friends even if it's a bit hard to make them if you didn't invite any of your real life friends. The events are amazing! Really love taking part in them while saving up to buy the lovely outfit choices as I go. Thank you!
Billy Bob : Seems like a good game, but it runs at an unplayable frame rate on my mid-ranged phone. My phone is a Galaxy a51, a $400 phone with moderate processing power. This is the only game so far it struggles to play, even on the lowest resolution settings. Overall performance improvements as well as more in-depth graphical settings would be much appreciated.
Siren Raenora : After clearing out well over a gigabyte of storage on my phone, it still didn't seem to be enough for this game. I've downloaded and redownloaded it, but each time there's either the audio error or audio downloading forever stuck in the bottom left hand corner of my screen. Seeing how nothing I've done has helped had made this a mild irritation in a game I've been waiting for a year to play. A fan of a similar game journey, this was a bit irritating, but I think it will get fixed soon.
Fikri Rabbani : This is one of the best or not, THE BEST, audio engineering in an Android game. Definitely goes to my top 5 android RPG game of all time. The only problem is that the control and camera angle is hard to master. The social part is amazing, some missions require us to do it with other player which is good because there is always other player around you. But personally sometimes as a solo player I dont like that especially if I have to do it a lot. Overall if I can give more than 5 stars, I will.
Jacob Campbell : What an absolutely fantastic beautiful experience. Amazing graphics coupled with inspired and creative scenery. Fluid, smooth, and satisfying gameplay and controls. The music will speak to your soul and each different world has so much to do and see! You can meet friends and fly around and explore with each other, best mobile game I have ever played! Coming to nintendo switch this summer as well!
Yosep Gusti : Hi, I really love your game. Everything in your game always amaze me. The scenery, the song, the story, and etc. But I have some problem, maybe a big problem. Can you optimize the graphic for Xiaomi Redmi 9? I play in the lowest graphic but it still crashes and forces close the game. Vault of knowledge and eyes of eden are the example places where it happen. All the time. I really hope a new update for this problem. Thank you so much thatgamecompany for making this game beautifully!
I have a White animal : This game is really good but if would be great if you added a Singleplay, Multiplayer, and online choice because I like playing alone but I don't like random people showing up while I'm playing finishing things before I'm ready. Also the game can be hard to follow because half the time I'm just guessing on where to go and end up missing stuff and having to redo it. If you could add a way to know what the main goal is and the other side things I can do are that would be great. Other than that. 👍
emily larock : I absolutely love this game. I started playing it with my boyfriend and also got some friends to play. The graphics are so amazing. Its an adorable little dreamland that you can explore and adventure together, collect the different items and hang out with friends. You can hold hands and run around together, lots of different emotes to unlock and use and I also enjoy the upgraded versions of the emotes as well.
Igor Simon : This game is a piece of art! Reminds me of the time Journey was released for PC, so there's a lot of nostalgia in the gameplay. Absolutely loved it, how immersive it is, without any ads, or a lot of buttons to distract you from the game experience, and yet has a great multiplayer mechanic. Highly recommend!!
francisco wijaya : Best open world socialize game! Great concept and art style! Although there's still a lot bug that must be fixed! 1.)sometimes door won't open 2.) Bug in Hidden forest, where after the hole that must be broke by 2 players, after that part, sometimes the screen went blue or foggy, so i cannot see anything!. 3.) Game performance way different if i play in iphone, android version of sky has a lot of lag even i put the settings to lowest performance or graphics! I'm using galaxy note 9. Thankyou!
Madison : THIS BEST mobile game I've ever played! Most are gimicky and riddled with ads. This game on the other hand is beautiful, has an open world that allows for constant exploration and is challenging enough to be rewarding. It has no ads and doesn't have any pay walls, you can play the whole game without paying in (which honestly convinced me support them!) Love that you can customize your character and play with people from around the world! I'v met so many people from different countries 🥰 yay!
Rhiannon Du Four : Really enjoying the game, with the exception of the trials. I don't enjoy platformers, & you're taking away the best part of the game by taking away flight and the controls are not nearly responsive enough for jumping from one spinning rock to the next. There is no stop, you just slide uncontrollably.
Guardian Koala Bear : I only got to play the first few minutes of the game though my phone cant handle this kind of graphics, i had to uninstall it but will get back on it when i get to buy a more high end phone. The graphics is really smooth, the quality is on par with the pc, the rpg that i have been always looking for , relaxing, and fun , it would also be good if they add a more open world where player could explore find secrets and super secrets that would be super amazing. Solving puzzles and stuff..
Chris Kearsley : Absolutely fabulous game. I was really surprised by the amount of depth and detail. The graphics are gorgeous and the realms are vast with lots to explore and unlock. It's simple, but incredibly satisfying. The developers should consider a one time membership fee over seasonal passes in my opinion though.
P E : A truly beautiful game. Its graphical and audio wonder is utterly unbeatable for a mobile game. Even pc or console games would struggle to match this. The concept of love and help over conflict and fighting is a nice idea too. So why 3 stars? The fact is that I uninstalled it after not too long. Once you've done missions once, it's just grind grind grind... And more grinding! Just not for me. But if you don't mind that, you may just have found the best game ever!
Celeste Aguado : I love this game. Beautiful graphics. Absorbing, fun, socially interactive - make lots of Sky friends in the game. It feels satisfying on many levels. Only thing is, I wish it could be installed on my MS Surface! Any chance of that? Or make it available online? It eats through my phone battery like a hot knife through butter. I can't play while its charging as my phone then overheats.
Crisan Karna : THANK YOU! I never played this kind of game. So my first experience is really good. I was mesmerized by the sound and the graphic, the story also interesting. Sometimes I have a trouble with the controls lag but it's okay. I hope you guys could improve the controls lag issue like when we're running.
austin myers : Great artistic aspect and continuous format of the "storyline" from the startup. Involve way more levels than whats there, try to add subtitles (if anything, to make a real storyline), fix the bugs ive overcome with connectivity (mainly no-one can play otherwise). Then i would say its the most perfect indie game on mobile. And while i say that, the internet connection bug i face is still needing to be fixed asap, then id say you may have the best game in my, and other's opinions. Thank you
Relaxation and Tranquility : Genuinely such an amazing game. Amazing visually and very fun game play. Beautiful worlds to explore with so many secrets to find. Awesome ways to interact with other players, make friends, and play together. Unlockable Instruments you can jam out with. Even when you beat the game there's so much more to do in the game from finding secrets to just messing around with random people and unlocking more items to customize your character. Best game I've ever played in an app and very innovative.
Scarlet Masked : Terrific! More customisation and new additions would be highly appreciated :) If the game keeps expanding on the good side, may as well just spend some cash. We'll see. This game is impressive Edit: For the next update. It's quite hard to see your friends in the places/towns, it would be awesome if you could add a separate option scroll that will list out your friends who are in the same town so we could click on their names on the friend list and an arrow would point us towards them.
김 태용 : I love the story, visuals and social aspects of this game. Renewal through special Seasons with new emotes and clothing, keeps the game interesting. Without the social contact, the game can sometimes feel somewhat like a grind. There are some visual/performance issues: mantas with discoloration, screen stuttering, lag, chat bugs, invisibility of other players' prayer candles, ... However, frequent updates keep bugs at bay and the developers continually strive for a better player experience!
Dave Just Dave : Words can not describe the beauty that this game brings. It starts off slow and once you finish that tutorial the majesty hits you like a brick wall. It is very simplistic and easy to learn, yet hard to master. I have seen my fair share of apps and for this one to NOT shove ads in your face or have micro transactions as an option is a VERY rare sight. The story is simple and easy to understand, but very cute and beautifully animated. If you have not played this game yet then play it NOW! 10/10.
Krysten Sullivan : I really love this game. It has beautiful graphics, and the customization is really nice as well. To most people it seems the controls are hard to use, but in reality once you get used to using them they infect are not that hard to control in the first place. I do agree that the servers bug is annoying. You get separated from others so easily. Overall, I love the game and the few flaws of it are not bad enough for me to drop the game.
Kat Johannessen : It seems like a wonderful game, but it keeps crashing, or the framerates just stops at points. It doesn't stay open for more that 3 minutes. To top it off I have tried to update it but Google play keeps asking me to delete apps to free up space, even tho I have over 2 gb and it says that I have plenty of space. I'll try again in a month or so and hopefully it'll work for me then.
Timothy Grimes : I don't understand the game. It's beautiful, and its controls are simple, not to mention that it sounds wondrous! However, I am confused as to what the goal of the game is. And I don't know what I should be doing. Hey this review is written after only about 10 minutes with the game 🤷🏿‍♂️, but, I do enjoy it so far. The feel, the look, and the sound, it blends nicely. --NOTE--The text is cut off for me in all of the hints that require more than one line of space. It's near unreadable.
don't worry about it : this game is mega heartwarming. the graphics are lovely, even on my phone that can barely run it, the music and setting are so soothing and sweet. the game has challenges and enemies, but you really don't have to bother with them if you don't want to or don't feel ready. you can go everything at your own pace. also, there's lots of cosmetics, and everyone has been really nice in my experience. there are literally too many good things to talk about here.
Noam Levi : The game is so awesome!! I get to see beautiful places and explore so many lands and meet new friends. But the controls are really hard to control. It's hard to move and fly sometimes,and from some reason it's really hard to chat, (Btw the dark dragons are terrifying.i get stressful really easy and I just get so scared and terrified every time. 😳) I put 3 stars because of it but it's my favourite game
Jonathan Biagianti : Beautiful experience, if you enjoyed Journey on the Playstation 3 or Playstation 4, this is as good and in some way better. I absolutely love the inclusion of more players interact with as they take their "journey" through the clouds. Beautiful graphics, smooth gameplay (though coming from controller use is sometimes jarring with the on screen controls) and tight controls, make this a must play from thatgamecompany. Another hit!
Millie Boswell : Truly a beautiful game. I'm surprised with the amount of depth and design that has gone into this free phone game, you can really get lost in the world's. You can also play with friends or make friends in there which makes the adventuring experience a whole lot more fun. When playing phone games I'm usually put off by the amount of ads that constantly pop up but here there are none that I've noticed and while there are in app purchases I find that they don't affect your progress in the game.
EpicGodYoshi : The game is really beautiful, however for me, the game keeps on crashing after this year's summer update and I cannot get past certain areas without crashing. I keep trying but nothing works, not even using the teleport to return to where I left off works, the game closes itself immediately. I never had this problem until recently and I really want to fix the issue but I'm not sure how. Maybe the developers are already aware of this and are working on fixing the issue
Brija : I played this just because I also played Journey on the PS3. I liked that one better because it was single player BUT to be honest this game is also nice for those who are into this type of games. The graphics, landscapes and the 'vibe' that it has are great. Unfortunately the controls are a bit weird and for some reason I'm not enjoying the story as much as I did with Journey. It's done really well for a phone game!
Emily : The aesthetic of this game is spectacular and very well put together... I enjoy the gameplay a lot, my criticism comes from the movement controls (flying, guiding spirits, etc.) At times the game is frustrating to play when your character isn't going where you're guiding them or the camera's too zoomed in to see anything. Some of the levels are very hard to complete because of this; guiding a spirit takes way too long and is often hard due to slipping or the spirit being too slow to follow you.
Abigail S : I don't pay for stuff and it hasn't dampened this experience at all for me like most games would! Makes me kinda wish that I could. Everything is beautifully done! Plenty of replay ability. Definitely rewards you for team work. Very charming game. Strongly recommend. Be warned if you hate cut scenes though, there are a few.
Irina Smirnova-Pinchukova : I have downloaded this game not knowing much about it. I was truly surprised by it's quality and the amazing feeling of the flight. The ending was very touching and philosophical, also did not expect the story to go that way. But after the final chapter repeating the game does not make sense if you're not ready to pay. The gameplay is no longer rewarding. Socializing takes the in game currency and it's frustrating. It was a great experience, but I stopped enjoining.
Guiridhari Rivera : Been playing for over 2 hours. This game is beautiful. Graphics are amazing, controls very smooth. Sound track spot on with the gameplay. So far enjoying the game a lot. Social interaction dosent need chat, but you can. Is amazing sometimes you find yourself playing with the same person for a long time, but you havent exchanged a single word.
IFergot : Very resource intensive game, controls are also a little hard to use properly. But the music and graphics are insanely beautiful. I wish I could play it on my computer. Edit: After a 5-6 months of playing this game I can say that the community is very welcoming and the game is really fun. The controls are something you will have to get used to. There's a bit of a learning curve. The events are really awesome as well. Only con is that the daily grind can be very repetitive and boring.
Falih Naufal : The game graphics are very good, it becomes refreshing when I play it. But after this update, I often experience bugs, disappear from the game. I also often have difficulty tracking friends, after I tried it shortly he disappeared again ... And please do not close the glitch path, we really like to fly to the highest tree and other similar things that make us not bored.. Thanks sky :)
Conny Shi : The graphics are actually great and I genuinely love the game. However, the game keeps on crashing at one phase where I was finding a spirit on the Hidden Forest, and I can't level up to that. I already deleted some files on my phone and even restarted it but it is still not working. Idk if this is some bug or so, hope it can be fix.
Kris : When I saw a ad for this I thought it was a "looks cool - really isnt" game. I tried it anyway. Lucky I did! Outside a few small bugs. The setting and Realms are beautiful. The soundtrack is amazing. despite no dialogue or facial expressions, you can really grasp what emotion someone is conveying. the ending is so heart wrenchingly beautiful. Tho a thing I recommend changing is how emotes are organised. Maybe custom folders to get em faster. Wish there wasn't a word limit I would go on for hours
Subhajit : Pros : Very Beautiful graphics, relaxing no pressure gameplay, excellent to play with friends or making new friends out of Strangers, seasonal activities, large variety of cosmetic to try out Cons : Repetitive Gameplay as only 7 world which can be complete within few hours after then it just all about revisit the same place for farming candles to get the accessories. It can be boring a lot. Better for short play or casual play.
Luka Jack : This game is practically perfect. It's visually beautiful, has incredible music and sound, and is extremely fun. It also had very high replay value. Despite levels being generally the same each time, there's always something new to discover, and the way you can interact with other players is limited in a way that makes it so much more charming and enjoyable. The movement mechanics are occasionally a bit awkward but nothing you can't get a handle on with some practice. I love it.
Royston Parambil : Beautiful visuals, amazing sounds and an adventure like never before......all rolled into one. I really liked the game for the fact that you can connect and play alongside your friends. There are a couple of bugs though, like when you buy something from the spirits or unlock something, at times you are still unable to access the next item or upgrade. But the bugs where the players can enter places where the developer didn't intend to allow players to get into, are actually fun, like Easter eggs.
Marc 556 : This is one of the most beautiful mobile games I've ever played. A masterpiece. The music and art are top notch and it gives the feeling of relaxation. The story is good, not the best but it is enough to immerse yourself in it. My only gripes with this game is its controls especially the flying mechanics. Sometimes it's hard to control your character. Another is the emotes where finding the one you want to do is hard. Overall a beautiful game and would recommend it to anyone who is interested.
Tim Sewell : I've been playing Sky for a couple days now and have enjoyed it a lot. The way the game encourages you to collaborate with the random players you meet is really unique, i love the exploration, and the visuals of the game are incredible. A lot of reviews criticize the controls, and I will say flight can take some getting used to at first but at this point I have no problem with it. Another point to add, there are microtranactions, of course, but they are solely for cosmetic items.
dandra montes : This is an astonishing game with probably the best visuals while maintaining good controll and an intriguing type of 'story line' to follow! Theres times when it's a bit hard to control but almost never plus it gives it a good challenge to the player that keeps the game interesting. Time passes so fast with this game, so if that what your looking for this is also perfect!
Orange Jam : One of the most beautiful games I ever played from a while the music a weather everything is great about it I can't find one thing wrong about it . Yeah i get 10 FPS but i still enjoy it . And knowing the fact that you will improve it's performance makes me happier . Great game . And you really should consider adding photo mode there's a lot of beautiful scenes that people will for sure want to take pictures of
Juliansyah : i:m not the only one who thinks that this hits close to Journey but this is amazing, with stunning graphics, sound design, music, artstyle, the clouds, the candle and hearth systrm is the thing that keeps us playing, and thr clouds, the discord server is friendly as heck, and the CLOUDS!, and devs. if you see this, please make it more friendly towards the lower-end android user, you guys will do amazing, keep up the good work and i love you guys!,and please heed my prays. Cheers from Indonesia
Jay Bailey : Awesome game! Graphically eye watering and very calming - unlike call of duty. Lol. It's not challenging in a frustrating way, there are things to collect and do all over an open world experience, but this can be done at your own pace with no enemies attacking you, no time limits and your free to explore even off the beaten track. I hope there's a sequel 🙂
Christian Putra : This is my best game so far from any other game i already played. The first impression is the graphic! The colors and music make me so calming and so comfortable. The second is, story about Sky Journey. Its like a circle And i love it. The third, i love the concept of meet a stranger and how we interaction from people around the world.. last, the concept of gratitude! This question always make me reflect who i am. And i heard so many stories how this game safe people from depression. Thanks!!
The Spirit : Its a great game. Beatiful landscapes, smooth animations, pleasing music... Very aesthetic. You get candles really quickly in my opinion which is also a plus for me. I also absolutely love the interactions you can have with other players. Really the only downside is that the steering while flying is a bit wonky since you dont really know where to press to fly without issue but maybe thats jut me not having figured it out yet. I can only recommend it.
Kurt D Ritter : Played this game for a while. It's promising but kinda gets a bit boring over time, since there aren't much interaction with other players that one would expect from most of online games today. The setting is unique, I think, as well as the gameplay. The graphics too are awesome and specially the music. Hope there'd be much more to expect from this game in the near future.
Toby : I don't normally leave reviews, but for Sky I will. There are times when this no longer feels like a game, but a stunning experience. I'm absolutely enthralled with everything Sky has to offer. It's beautiful and each realm is unique. There's so much to explore, secret areas, and collectables. There's in app purchases, but It's nothing you feel forced to take. Addictive, surreal, and absolutely worth playing, and I plan on getting some adventure passes just to support the amazing developers.
Olmspoon : Wow. I originally downloaded this game with the opinion that it was going to be short, emotionless and generic- but boy was I wrong.The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, it really adds to the experience and making listening an experience. Although I originally found the controls hard to master, with a bit of practice and some experimentation I found them easy and natural. The storyline for this game is original and clever, truly an experience. The community for this game is welcoming and kind
Tegar Aryas Winata : Perfect, really love this game so much (❁´◡`❁)
Cayden Huang : It's like a dream world. Totally unlike any other game that I have played, I really like it how everything is program. The game is program for a reason, I can image it like real life. I don't see names when people passby, I can't even see what other people chatting. But when I'm talking to someone, it is like private chat in public. the best part is when someone hold my hand and bring my travel along and complete the mission. That feeling is AMAZING! 🙌🏻
N Jovancic : This game is amazing, one of the best ones I've played so far. The graphics and the animations are beautiful. Sadly, I cannot set a 60p resolution, It tends to lag from times to times and crash, It could just be my phone (although I'd expect It to run the game quite smoothly) , but considering the fact the game is awesome It deserves the 5 stars
Ashutosh Das : Truly mesmerizing. This is how an ideal world should be. Full of love with no violence. Once in awhile, games like this come which make you smile. Not all of us want to be warriors. Some of us would prefer to be explorers. And this game is an absolute treasure for us people. In times like this, when going outside is unsafe, sky lets us travel worlds we only dreamed of. And for that, I am really grateful to the developers of this game. I thank you from the bottom of my heart. Thanks a lot.
Xoup69 : Mesmerizing! Amazing graphic and art! Very smooth gameplay, this what flight engings should feel like when playing. Amazing story and game concept. Very soothing music, i could just calmly fly around in the clouds, looking into the greens all day. amazing game, kind of a stress buster. Please add voice to the story telling part along with the subtitles, the story is fast and i missed some of it. and please increase the duration of holding the candle up for light and area of illumination. Amazing
Apurav Mishra : The best game in android is this. How they create this but salute to developers. Graphics are so amazing that it can compete some pc games. I have never seen such graphics in 1gb size game.. truly amazing...loving this game..
Noam Levi : The game is so awesome!! I get to see beautiful places and explore so many lands and meet new friends. But the controls are really hard to control. It's hard to move and fly sometimes,and from some reason it's really hard to chat, (Btw the dark dragons are terrifying.i get stressful really easy and I just get so scared and terrified every time. 😳) I put 3 stars because of it but it's my favourite game
MIA L : A great free game, worth your time and if you can give, worth your money. Sometimes there are bugs but the team always works hard on fixing them so no worries. I love the art style, art direction, animation, music score, it's a unique game as a whole. Flying feature is unique, especially the "introvert" features with the honks and limited chat. I love this game. It can be relaxing to play after a hard day's work.
Coco Alex : I have to say, I am really impressed with this game. The game is pretty and relaxing, you are surrounded by other people who you get to see by interacting with them, and even though the graphics can lower at times for me, it's not bad enough to disturb the gameplay. This is the first game with other players that was able to pull off this feat that I've played. Totally worth it!!
Andrew Mills : Hands down, most beautiful mobile game I've played yet. Everything is so well balanced. Story, graphics, sound, menu navigation, controls, player to player interaction, all great. It's a very peaceful game that still offers a level of difficulty and enough things to do that makes you WANT to play every opportunity you have to do so. Amazing game guys. Thanks.
Deathangel260 : Absolutely love the game. The game is amazingly breath taking. My only issue is I've been on the Trial of Sky in the new season for over an hour. Trying to get past the very last part. I have a phone that is over $1000.00 and I wanted to snap it in half so bad that it felt like it was killing me. I finally said screw it and cheated on the first lunge to make it to the statue because every time I would go the proper route the wind would stop me in mid air when going to the satue. Thank You.
Dobbin : This is a really fun game just to pass time and explore their world, it is a pretty demanding game so it can cause it to be slow and use a lot of the battery, but still a cool experience. Although I did fall through the map and got stuck for a little bit when trying to change the hair, just ran through the wall. Was very epic.
Jack West : Good for Friends; Maybe Not for Guys. My friend invited me to play this and I've thoroughly enjoyed it. The cosmetics are great and vary quite a bit, but I struggle with finding some to present myself with as a masculine-presenting person. The hair and pant options are mainly fem-presenting, so I find it hard to make myself stand out. It's also repetitive and gets old fast if you don't play with friends. Overall, I enjoy it, but it's a more feminine-appealing game, I think.
FUSION GAMER : best open world game ever! although you should fix some bugs or lag issue and you should make the home larger so that it would ne much fun and you should add graphics like hd and ultra hd add some animation when ever a player enters a portal and goes home this would make the game much fun to play and much to be popular and i support you owner of the game also add a mic in the game pls creator🥺💖💖💖💖💖💖💖
Nico : It's a beautiful game.. but they really nead to bring back aviary. Our current home is very small and less visually pleasing, but the original aviary was beautiful, we all feel robbed. So what if players spend too much time socialising there, it's a game that they are playing, they can do what they feel like, it won't change anything. Other than that, everything is perfect, it's a beautifully made game.
Taiki waiting : Excepcional experience. I have played journey but this one is even better. U can play from the beginning untill the end without paying anything and cooperate with other players and make friends. Graphics are so amazing even it runs in a Snapdragon 710 at 30 fr without any lag. In a 845 runs at 60. So if u own a middle range phone is still possible to enjoy this game! On the other hand music is amazing!! Thanks for made this game !!
Shujath Khan : Elegantly curated beautiful experiences, I must say, I've never appreciated any game as much as I'm grateful for this. The creators of this game are absolute geniuses. The flight mechanics and the ice skating experiences felt so realistic. -If a language translator can be added in chat, I noticed an icon before, but it not reponsive, it should be able to translate the entire conversation, be it in any language to the desired language. -There are a few glitches in the avatars near light sources.
A Vandelay : Wow simply wow... Music, graphics exploration and relaxing. It's so good I feel like something up ... Like our information is silently being taken as we take part in this wonderful piece of art. All jokes aside. This is definitely one of the best android games out there. Hope this continues to be as good as it currently is.
sanchi Jawal : I love this game and completed it successfully the last level made me a little bit of anxious if ykyk but overall it's an amazing game to play BUT, I would recommend a different level played under water
Samantha Lott : It was a fun game to experience and explore but the storyline is really lacking. It very hard to interpret what the story is. The controls are not as tight with flight being very hard to steer at times. It's not made clear that once you get to Edan, it's a total restart. You loss all your wings. There really isnt a reason to continue playing once you reach the end because it's just a repeat of a short game with cosmetics for your character. It's very beautiful and the music is amazing.
CornedbeefPotatoes : Visually stunning and an art work mare into a game. Every location is breathtaking and no moment in the game is boring; even when you're on standby, the view is enough to keep you satisfied. The community is friendly and many co-players help beginners find their wings. I just find it hard to maintain airborne because in some areas my avatar keeps gliding down, but maybe I just have to get good. Well recommended game. I'm looking forward to exploring more of what the company is about to offer.
Ember Moon : Amazing graphics, sounds and gameplay. It's so calming whilst being fun at the same time. It's so unique! There's a brilliant storyline and the perfect balance of motivation to play and freedom to go off task. The other players are so friendly and diverse. The seasons and realms are all so different and that's why Sky is so fun to play- it's all something new to discover. 100% recommend it and I already convinced my Mum to download it 🤍
FluffyEevee : This game is absolutely breathtaking. This is a game that deserves to be a $10-$15 PC and console indie game. Yet it's a free mobile game. I have never seen a single ad, nor been asked to watch one for rewards. The visuals are beautiful and out of this world, the sound design is amazing from the uplifting and triumphant music to the subtle piano keys. I was very sceptical when I saw the ads, but surprisingly enough, they are true. If you enjoy games like Journey, you will love this game
Vyllan : I don't review a lot. But DAMN this game holds up to be a PC or console game. Maybe not AS good on the graphics side (but hey the screen is like 3x smaller), but the gameplay and music, oh it's there. Oh! And controls are satisfying too, the flying just feels amazing. Nitpicking here, sometime when there's lots of players around, it can get confusing where to go and what to press. Other than that, first real mobile game that made me compare it to console/PC
Chey : Hands down the best mobile game I have ever played, and its definitely up there in my all time favorite games. It is beautiful both in the graphics and the story. I do wish there were better options for buying things with real money, though. I think it would be great to implement a monthly/yearly subscription of sorts for people who don't want to buy the season passes every season.
Aymi La : Overall, it is a very wonderful game. Starting from the storyline, the graphics, the music, and how its all been orchestrated into a very dear crearion. Although, the reason why i rated it 4 stars, is because of the in app purchases. It evolves every patch, and i see no value in that since players have been demanding on bug fixes and instead they added potential ones. I appreciate the companys hard work and all, but i really hope that these highly priced in game cosmetics be thought over again.
Erin Chavez : I really love this game. The music and graphics are stunning, the story is captivating, and the social aspect is well done. It's fun to play with people from all different countries, and to communicate with the game expressions. The mythology is the best part, in my opinion. Meeting the spirits, learning their stories, and exploring this fascinating world is truly calming.
Maria Lourdes Delos Santos : Such a great game!!!! The flying controls can be quite hard but you'll get used to it the more you play. The story is great too. Finding spirits are fun, because as you look for them you'll get to experience the environment too. The music adds more impact to your gameplay so I advice using headset or earphones. Overall it's a fun adventure game!!!
Perry Merrity : Sky is fun. If you've played Journey, you'll recognize similar motifs and themes and experience them in a new way, but by the time you make it to the last level it feels a bit too familiar. It still has a charm to it, especially if you can get past the flying mechanics that are annoying on occasion. Interacting with others is fun for about 5 seconds before they run off in another direction to never be seen again. You can customize your character at the expense of repetition or real money 🙃
keegan yanke : True gameplay on your mobile. It is first and foremost, a work of art to be shared with the world. Money-making seems like a mere optional afterthought to the makers of the app. You can play with friends and family or forge friendships with other anonymous players to share the experience with. The only suggestion I have is to make translation possible for the message candle spots! Unfortunately my only language is English, so I'm unable to read over half of the messages from other players.
Yellow 180 : The music is so frickin beautiful! I got chills during a few cut scenes. And the visuals are overall stunning as well. For a mobile game this is impressive. This game absoluetly deserves more recognotion. A few fixes might still have to be made like the flying controlls etc. but overall i'm very happy with this game and didn't expect such a glorious game out of an instagram ad. Great!!!!
Reza Hamdani : Great graphics, great art design, great music. This game offers unique experience in mobile gaming with great maneuverability to explore its marvelous world and how it connects you with other player. My only gripe is how small the buttons are, I hope in future update we'll be given the option to readjust button size and its placement (freely without preset).
Ume Ryoto : To me, the controls are a bit confusing, but overall it's really good. The controls I feel like could improve a little with the flying because it's really hard to turn when flying. And the up coming ones are just suggestions I think would make the game even better, though you dont have to take them if you dont want. Alright, so you have animals in the game, what if you can tame them? Like the crabs would need water and the weird bird like flying creatures would need flowers. Sadly Icant addmore
Hope B : This game is amazing. But it is also very challenging, complex, and takes a lot of outside of the box thinking. So if you aren't ready to explore the boundaries of this game than you won't be able to go far. This game also depends on the compassion, helpfullness, and kindness of others. If you never help others in this game they won't help you, and believe me you'll need the help, everyone does. Despite the complex gameplay, dependence on other players, and semi-confusing storyline. I recommend.
Godwen Ortea : Amazing concept. It encourages people to help each other and make friends. Its a game that connects people from different places around the world and also brings out the best in everyone. It's graphics and design are very eye pleasing, I bet everyone got hooked in for this reason. There's a lot of things that can be improved, like the plethora of cutscenes, the unmutable background music, and the splitting of the server, but i sincerely say its beautiful in all aspects.
Eugene Chance : This game is great. I love playing it. The only issue I have is that when you leave the Eye of Eden while missing a light piece or whatever they're called, you lose the piece. I don't mind that the ending is hard, I just hope the devs tell you what constellation the piece was from so you can retrieve it, and it's still hard. Still, this game is great, and a good play.
Will Brown : I just had to write a review for this game, I absolutely love this game, it is one of the most if not, THE MOST relaxing games I have ever dove into. There is a sense of adventure, mystery and story around every corner. The sense of adventure and exploration is excellent in this game! Try it out if you want a different feel for gaming along with other players.
Anusha Sareen : What a beautiful game...with much to explore, you find and unlock as you go...with many hidden paths and areas you can revisit to unlock more! Making friends is sweet so you can help each other if one is more skilled- plus calling for assistance and group achievements are available. What a fascinating game! I'm so in love with the music, the world, the gameplay everything💛 Sometimes there are crashes- probably as it's being constantly developed due to the popularity.
Dan Hirst : I lovveee this game the graphics and ammimation are soo cute and the fact that you can get adorable clothes and accessories. The music is beautiful and fluent. You have to download this it's amazing😃✌️💕😇
govind rajesh : If you have a good phone dedicated to gaming. Then look no further than this great game giving you beautiful graphics, level design and soundtracks which makes you feel at peace. The open world with other online player is easy to interact with and the controls arent too much of a hassle to use. Only wish there would be more customization choices that are non-payable. But still , great overall.
Atharva Dhamale : My friend and I started playing the game but faced many problems while playing. 1)We were not able to join the game together. 2)As we joined the game together and started playing as friends in the game,the next problem that arose was the disability of not talking to each other through voice chat and now we are making WhatsApp calls in background while playing 😂. Otherwise the game looks interesting though I have not played much but the beginning is now making me feel the urge to play more.
Jacob cronshey : This is the best app game i've played, I love how friendly it is. The graphics and sound are phenomenal. The stories leave a lot to you're imagination, but are very interesting. I'd focus on making friends rather than anything else. The movement in this game is top knotch. Ps. It's quite large, no good for older phones.
Aryan Gupta : A new type of multiplayer, no need to hurry, play at your own pace, infinite retries, relaxing but also provides challenges at many points during the gameplay, has a large beautiful map to explore. Although there are many glitches in the game, it is a very good experience. Please allow more players to be together in a room/area, it would make the game more joyful.
Random MidnightSlayer : Interesting... But difficult to navigate. It was rather easy to let lost and a lot of things you have to do in the game you discover it yourself. More tutorials would be appreciated for things like 'How to make friends' or 'how to talk'. Also just a quick question but the 'friends' that we make and name... are they real people or AI... i can't seem to tell the difference😅
Pizza & fries : I been playing this game for a year now, surprisingly the longest game I played. The devs here been working every single one of the bugs of the game which are not alot and it often shows when there's a new update. At first you might not gain lots of reward like most games. But the logic in sky is you must work hard to gain what you want to have. Well it's not that hard, caz ya all just gonna farm or run to find candles which gave you wax. Anyways. This game is a gem. You'll meet a lot of people.
Robert Njoroge : Fantastic game. Very simple and relaxing, yet fun and challenging at the same time. The way that you can socialize with other players adds a lot of enjoyment as well. The game is also very beautiful with great art, animations and mechanics. The music and sound is also really enjoyable and sets the mood of the game really well. Some challenges I had: I found it a hard to find my friends through the menu and also got stuck (lost?) in a few places, which was frustrating, but I still enjoyed the game. I would definitely recommend giving it a try!
Paul Carlson : I love the game, the colors are beautifully designed and the way the music just flows with the game is just impressive and the way the characters are designed is wonderful. The way the game make you feel is amazing, I have played so many games but none can compare to the amount of greatness this game has done. It really makes me feel like this has happened and we don't know, this games is just all out amazing and spectacular, the game play is great (this is Paul's daughter btw)
Melissa and Zoe Ram : I really love this game! The graphics is amazing, the storyline is interesting, and the cosmetics in the game are just so cute or cool. Makes me want to continuously farm candles and make friends. However, I'd like a change. I want the adventure passes to be attainable without paying. I'm not saying you should just give the passes out but maybe you could use it as a reward for doing a certain task/s. The seasons feels so important and I feel left out not able to buy. Please consider, thanks!
Orange Juice Addict : An absolutey gorgeous game, the visuals are stunning especially for a mobile game. The gameplay itself is also very fun, though a bit hard to control at times. I can excuse that though since it is a mobile game. Interactions with other players are also fun, though limited. It kinda sucks that you have to unlock chatting freely. Sometimes trying to open a door doesnt work, you light the switch but it doesn't open and a few other problems like that. Overrall, a very good game with a few flaws.
Kaitlin Schatz : I'll be honest, this game is very cute and not hard to play. I've been at it long enough to have a kid and a half. But the mechanics of the games extra features require a level of dedication on par with a part time job. It is a grind, and all the best stuff is an IaP, so it's a part time job you pay to enjoy, and they get more expensive every month. Never before have a met a free game that i wish was. Less free. TGC, please, you need ads. Your players can't sustain your operating costs forever.
Geraldine Shropshire : Not too recommend it just needs some adding on too I feel like it would make my review a four stop if you added pets or something like a horse to ride and a free world where we can explore with our horse and add on to the quest once finished game it gets boring once you complete the game Not recommended
Levi Heh : Surprisingly beautiful with slightly difficult controls. I was cynical about this but it quickly grew on me. If you catch a group of friends doing their own thing, it can be very endearing to watch, like the game it's inspired by. This feels more like a collect-them-all dress-up grind rather than focusing on the journey itself, but expressing you yourself while playing I've learned can also be fun.
Jen Riley : The game is a bit glitchy when flying and avoiding rocks in Eden which makes it hard to control or get away fast. Had a few problems with certain gates not downloading and had to re-install the game quite a few times for it to eventually work. Lovely story! I'll definitely keep playing it. Enjoyed playing Journey on the PS4 so hopefully this game will also be added to the Playstation store sometime in the future. 🌠
Scooter : Its an amazing game, the ambience, the music, the visuals all of it. This review is for two main reasons, one, the game is stunning. Two is regarding a piano feature pm a Samsung s10. When I play the piano, it doesn't allow me to hit more than one note, if I do, it cancels out the others. Can you fix this,thanks. 😊
Yosep Gusti : Hi, I really love your game. Everything in your game always amaze me. The scenery, the song, the story, and etc. But I have some problem, maybe a big problem. Can you optimize the graphic for Xiaomi Redmi 9? I play in the lowest graphic but it still crashes and forces close the game. Vault of knowledge and eyes of eden are the example places where it happen. All the time. I really hope a new update for this problem. Thank you so much thatgamecompany for making this game beautifully!
IRFANUL : I am in love with this game. But i won't give a 5 star because it doesn't run smooth in lower end devices. Most people do not have a good device so they will also face the same problem. My decice has a ram of 3GB still the game does not run smoothly... Please fix so that we can also get a chance to experience this beautiful game.
Matthew C. Merz : Absolutely love this game so far. I've made many in game purchases. Would just like to see more cosmetics and stuff! Great game. I love it. Only one problem... its said online that Eden status reset Saturday 12 AM. Pacific Time. What is the truth? I'm not trying to go in there with all of the Winged Light I've been able to muster, well knowing that they are not reset. I'm trying to get ascended candles here. What's the deal? ...
Mansiv Farhan : It is really fun as an open world game. The sceneries were really good and feel like a console quality graphics for a moment. But what that bothers me is the graphics demand of it. You can't play it unless your phone supports very high graphics. Overall, it is a great game. The storyline, graphics, characters, natures all was at it best.
Pog : It always crashes my phone when I got on some tall castle where you need a wand looking thing D:
Spencer : What can I say other than this is the most wonderful and beautiful wholesome experience in maybe all of video games. Sound design is great and the community is kind and love to show you around! The only thing to do in the game is explore and interact with other players , but it has a wonderful charm to it . Great for mindless playing and wholesome content.
Sierra : I loved this game so much. The graphics and colors are amazing and the sounds and music are so sweet and gentle. Overall this game was just beautiful and calming. Unfortunately, I had to delete it because it drained my battery like crazy even if my phone was plugged in. I haven't had this issue before. I was so sad because I really enjoyed Sky. :(
IFS : A whole different gem of its own and it was obviously crafted with great artistic minds. It's worth the wait, Though there was some bug on the game and graphics optimization is fair which is totally okay on early days of it . I wish there will be updates soon to improve the graphics even more because I know my phone can handle much better. I'm using Honor 8X running with the kirin processor. If you guys needed some logs/etc I can email. Just reply! Overall its an excellent game for me! Thank you
Arief Musa : Graphic's wonderful, soundtrack's great, sound design good, gameplay's fun, there are some bugs here and there. One that really annoys me: the two person's door where each have to lit the two things to open, for some reason when someone lit the thing on one side I can't interact with the thing on the other side (the interact button doesn't show up)... but then it somehow opens after a few moments even tho it was only lit on one side
Paloma Star : Fantastic game honestly. There's something for everyone. Sky has puzzles, exploration, both peaceful and exciting moments, mystery and intrigue, lovely music and beautiful open maps on which to play. The best part is that even after "completing" the game, there's still more fun to be had what with periodic events. Occasionally things get a bit buggy but these issues are mild, temporary, and largely overshadowed by the game's appeal. It really is a game for all different types of people.
Startail Syi : It's a wonderful game with beautiful graphics. I like flying around with friends around the map. And it's not lacking fun because there are levels when you have to protect yourself to survive. The UI is hidden, I didn't know there are menu until play for the second time.. It's kinda hard to meet a friend, sometimes you just got teleported to a place far from your friend. The game play is super cute, we can hold hands, fly, etc. But I hope it'll get better :D
G02 Alviar, Laura D. : I love this game very much the graphics are amazing, I used to play this game in a year but there's something that bothers me all the time, whenever I go through some like areas or portals my game just instantly crash, even though I start up my game and straight up to go to the areas my game just crashed itself like an instant, I try to do something to fix it, but It just failed. Can you fix it?
Mickey Zixn : The sickest mmo you want to beat over and over and over. It's well balanced in the aspect of getting in game currencies. Except the hearts, those are the real commodity in this, they're supposed to be the 2nd tier of currency and yet they are the hardest to get. Edit: you guys should implement the possibility of a raid. With REALLY rare drops, like defeating a dragon using our light or the Canon you have on your roof. The whole fit too, pants, cape, item, hair, mask as a new season? Plz plz plz
Karl Sabugal : Initially, I would have liked to rate this beautiful and relaxing game 5-stars because it deserves it so much. But what held me back right now is the exclusion of being able to see strangers around you in this new update you have provided. Please bring it back and I would surely rate 5-stars on this app like what I would have loved to do. Thank you very much!
Sierra Bronowski : This is my favorite game on my phone, and I honestly love it to pieces. My only problem is that theres a small bug in my game. I've been playing the game over and over to try and fix it, but in the Vault theres a spirit that I havent unlocked but am unable to unlock. It's really frustrating because me and one of my pals have been trying to fix this but apparently I just can't get it.
codeNINE : Boring game, as all the Movements and pathways are pre-programmed. We are just there to control the character movements. The story line is pre fixed and not immersive. Its not Free roam like GTA or Genshin Impact. Important piece is there is no Voice over. We read text as the game progress. Not at all recommended. Play Genshin Impact, its much better.
yhezzi 2k : Game is excellent! Also awesome optimization for devices under android 10 only a little bit of lag but nothing too much to handle. Just a suggestion, maybe we can get an offline mode so that people with limited access to internet can enjoy this game I know it's about socializing and this game has helped me a lot with making friends,but when I'm on the go or In a place without internet maybe we can enjoy the experience offline.
Ayush Jalan : The aesthetic of this game is really beautiful. The scenery, the flying mechanism, the graphics, everything works together for a seamless experience. But I do want to point out that sometimes you lose track of what actually you're supposed to do. The mission and the story aren't as clearly defined. Overall a solid game. Highly recommend.
poopyaub : it's such a beautiful game! Graphics are awesome, and the artstyle is so adorable. However when I opened the app to play, there were glitching blocks every where? I waited a few days to see if they would go away, but they never did. I love this app so much, and I don't want to delete it! But with the glitching box's everywhere, it's almost impossible for me to see anything (　；∀；)
David Hines : Beautiful, but frustrating. The artwork and the ambiance are top notch. Controls leave a LOT to be disired. The toggle switch between flight modes seems to get stuck. When you need speed, it reverts to glide. And vice versa. Flight controls are horrible. 180 degrees off real world. Pulling back makes you dive. Pushing forward makes you climb. But in view mode, it's the exact opposite. Also, flying is so sloppy, it makes a Piper Tomahawk look like an F-18.
Little Stars : Sky is a wonderfully well made game with beautiful graphics. The game is enjoyable whether you're playing solo or with friends. The mechanics and controls are unique and easy to understand, the currency is easy to obtain without spending any money, each area is unique and the settings will make you feel a certain way individually- be it peaceful, scared, or a mix of both- the krills are terrifying, and the player characters are adorable. Overall- it's an amazing game, and I recommend playing it!
César Bonilla : Beautiful graphic design, stunning scenarios and transitions, overall a great game that immerses you in it's world. The only kinda weak spot is it's stability, connection wise, when playing with friends, I mean like your friend suddenly disappears or drops your hand and that's very annoying when it happens although it doesn't happen very often. Overall is a great game hope you continue to make it even better and polish the little things 😁
Farah : The game is beautifully, wonderfully well made. Even without dialogue the storyline is really touching (still remember the first time I went to Eden without knowing anything lol). I can't gush over the mesmerizing music and sound enough. Though the control is a little bit tricky, this game is perfect for you scaredy cats who doesn't like adventuring solo (watch out for the krills tho) but unwilling to really chat with just everybody
Adam Wayne : THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE! ! So beautiful and engaging, with intricate details to find and a huge open world to explore. One of my favorite games of all time, and Ive been gaming a long time. I've been connecting a controller and hdmi cable up and playing it on my 60inch TV. However, it attracts a specific personality type. It rewards kindness and really doesn't have many "enemies". The game is built around goals and exploration. Fantastic game!
Scott Glasgow : Amazing game!! Deepest appreciation to the developers. The graphics and music are beautiful. Best game on the internet. A couple of suggestions for you. 1- A message board at Home to leave messages for friends. Program it so you can leave as many messages as you want, but only the recipient can see them. 2- The shop at Forgotten Ark. It would be great if there were a booth where we could buy cosmetics from past seasons, at regular prices of course. I have an interest in a couple items....
BECKYjCOOKIE1 : Awesome game,not usually my kind of game but I'm hooked. It's a bit confusing when you click your character to find where you need to go,would be better with a map . Phone gets awfully hot,had to take the protective case off when playing only this game. Other than that it's a beautiful game. Need this on the Xbox!!
Kuroten Wheeler : Another beautifully crafted experience from TGC. Music, gameplay, and graphics meld together wonderfully to create a game that I've been unable to put down for weeks now. Replayability with discovering new spirits, unlocking new outfits, and finding new events hidden throughout the game world with others makes this a game you should download at least once. The social experience of this game is simple enough to be engaging, however navigation of the controls and menus can be a bit irksome, 6/5!
Guillaume Courcelaud-Razafindrakoto : A masterpiece. The graphics are stunning, each frame of gameplay looks cinematic. I also like the interaction that you can have with other players. Cons : I don't find the story quite complete. Because it's too simple, you don't really get that satisfactory feeling when discovering new places. It would be nice if hidden places, for example, had a story attached to them. PS: Could a notification gestion feature be added ? (I'm getting too much of them)
phlox : this has to be the best game I've ever played on mobile; it's absolutely beautiful, the gameplay is fun and usually easy to understand, especially for those who don't play games often. the only negative are bugs and the fact that when you lose winged light it respawns randomly. Its very annoying, especially when you have a lot of winged light. anyways, i have no more words to describe how much I adore this game, I'm so glad I found it.
Grape Juice : One of, if not the best mobile game I have played ever. It was an amazing experience as far as the story of the game and I love the social aspect where you can play with others. Amazing graphics, great audio, just overall so much effort into it and I can definitely see this game and this company going very far! AWESOME GAME!!!!😋👌
Svyatoslav Posenytskyy : I don't say this about a lot of games, but the amount of work, production, graphics, design, controls, ideas etc., that went into this game must have crazy. The gameplay is relaxing and fun, but also addicting. The graphics are off the scale for mobile games. I only got like 2 small bugs, but considering it was just released, that's fine. I am incredibly surprised this game is free, as I would have paid at least $5, maybe even $10 for this. Thank you so much developers!!!
Valravn : It has that surreal vibe of Chibi production movies, character design feels vague and mysterious like that of limbo, and gameplay wise it is simple. However, controls are rather clunky, camera angle can be all over the place when you are flying along the clouds, and camera gets blocked by the cloud so often you often have no idea where you are going. Coupled with those upgrades this game placed at those god forsaken places, this game soon turn from a relaxing get-away to a pain in the ass.
Amanda LQ : Such a beautiful and fun game! I can't get over how perfect this game is. Literally tried to convince all my friends to play after just a few minutes playing it. After two days playing it (aka now) I noticed sometimes you glitch when you get too near the clouds, but nothing that makes this game any less perfect for me.
norazman din : The storyline and graphics are amazing it's just that the controls are realllllyyy hard to use which makes trying to go through secret passages a hassle. I would like it if there is a fixed control like a button for jumping and would like that the camera wouldn't move on it's own because it makes it hard to see anything. Thank you.
Shahadat Hossain : amazing graphics<33
sage : This is the most fleshed out and graphically exquisite game I've ever played on a mobile device !!! The characters, the environments and vignettes ... *chefs kiss*. Theres so much to learn as a new player, but even after that theres daily quests and stuff to collect that have kept me playing g every day for like a week and a half. 100% reccomend to any person, also cant wait for the switch release (?)!
Shadowspy : Wow! This game is incredible!!! This game feels like they ported over a full console or pc game onto a mobile device perfectly. It's a superior game to Journey. The graphics are stunning for a mobile game. The controls while a little odd to get used to feel better than any other mobile game I've played. The sound design is absolute genius. I absolutely love how the game teaches you passively and promotes just wandering around. I've fallen in love with this game!
Alen Kato : This is the best game ever, its has its glitches and what not, but it's so awesome that it actually makes the game feel more cozy, more relatable (? Idk, I love it! (I'm still salty about the fact that I dont have the beta cape, come on, I never thought that this game would come to android, I dont even know if there was a beta for android, now I dont get to go to the and I cant find someone with it) still love the game, feels like home💞
baby boy : This game has been extremely helpful during self-isolation. Graphics are good, the online multiplayer aspect is fun and frankly adorable, and the music is great. Only issues come from occasional bugs such as getting stuck on things, odd stuttering due by cutscenes, and flying is nice but sometimes disorientating and hard to control. More potential levels in future expansions would be nice as well. Other than that this game was worth the wait and reccommended 👍
KitKatDoesArt : I was browsing the Play Store for a while, searching for a new game. I'd heard about this and decided to play it. NO REGRETS. I frickin love this game! You can either power through, or take your time, and when you complete the main goal, you can go back to explore different paths and stories. My only complaint is the flying controls are a little iffy. But that's it!
austin myers : Great artistic aspect and continuous format of the "storyline" from the startup. Involve way more levels than whats there, try to add subtitles (if anything, to make a real storyline), fix the bugs ive overcome with connectivity (mainly no-one can play otherwise). Then i would say its the most perfect indie game on mobile. And while i say that, the internet connection bug i face is still needing to be fixed asap, then id say you may have the best game in my, and other's opinions. Thank you
Oliver Cantu : Its such a beautiful game, I love the graphics and the characters are so cute. The songs in-game are amazing and so incredibly relaxing, I recommend to all. I love the interactions you have with players and how you can meet up with them! 10000000000000/10, completely awestruck by the beauty and masjestic qualities of this game.
koumechii : I've been playing Sky for a few months now and all I can really say to summarize my whole experience so far is.. nothing. Words just can't describe how amazing this game is, from the graphics, to the music, to the people I've met.. I can't say much, but all I know is that this game is literal perfection. Thank you, devs. Keep up the good work. 🌼
Kateřina Sovová : I adore this game so much. It's such a delightful experience, playing through this beautifully crafted world and story, being it alone, with friends or strangers. Flying is fun, I love the instruments as well, and the community is amazingly kind. We regularly get seasons with new areas and cosmetics being added. I appreciate the developer's approach to the player base, we are heard, and the social platforms compliment the game well. :)
ImPrettySureImHuman : This game is truly lovely. From beautiful graphics to beautiful characters it really is just a great game. My favorite part in it is flying, though. The only thing I don't like is when attempting to join a friend if you don't join them fast enough(hold their hand) you get moved to different servers. And sometimes it even glitches out while your together and switches servers, separating you. Doesn't happen often but annoying when it do. Besides that I don't see anything wrong the game. I love it!
Doom Slayer : suçh a peaceful calming cute little game it's adorable and I hope it only gets better and better the graphics and people are amazing and the game is so simple and fun an easy 5 star game
Inkrie : This game is really addictive if you like cute worlds with a deep story, you collect spirits, emotes, and candles. There are in app purchases but compared to most games I play they're fairly priced, very nice people and there are fairly easy daily quests that can give you up to 5-10 candles depending on the difficulty. However, the controls are a bit loose and it's hard to control my character sometimes. Controls need a little fixing but overall a great game to pass the time!
Syamim Aiman : Really worth my time waiting for this, honestly my was dropping the entire time because this is the kind of game that im searching for. Willingly spend my time because everything was so mesmerizing. Hands down one of the best experience ive gained so far 😉. (Ok so i just found one problem regarding my connection issue. I can't seem to connect to the server using my wifi but it works perfectly fine with my own data. When im using the wifi, the message of connecting to server keeps popping. (SOS)
Cindy H : I absolutely love this game there's no word that can explane how much joy this game gives to me, super fun to play with friends or family too! It's a really beautiful game definitely recommend!!
Meiyi Chu : Awesome graphics. Nice bgm. Still getting ahold on the flying skill, but definitely getting better. I still hate that creature though. I do hope also to be able to chat whenever I want to, although I understand the purpose of not being able to chat fully. It's difficult wanting to help but cant because they dont understand they expression I'm trying to pull.
hearts : This game is great, it had amazing graphics and all the movements are smooth, I was excited to get this, but not even 5 minutes into playing, it keeps stopping me and saying I need to download something, whenever I try to get up and move, it stops ke and says I need to download a new feature, it does this every 2 seconds.
Tracy Hsieh : Its absolutely breathtaking. You want art and relaxation? This is it. Honestly I've never seen a 3d game a cinematic as this one. Everything looks so good. So far the theme is also intriguing. Now for the controls, they are still a bit hard to manipulate for precise maneuver. And theres a sort of co-op component, but communication is really hard. I hope they set a friend system so.
Sanjana Krishnan : Sky is a difficult game to review. Should you play it? Absolutely, it's helped in connecting me with friends, and make new ones! But is it a good game? Well, once you beat Eden, I found it pretty boring. Apart from some exciting seasonal events, it's pretty lackluster. Which sucks, I'd adore to see some more lore added to this game! But for now, due to the aforementioned lack of endgame content and abundance of glitches, I'll put it at a four.
spicy nori : I think the graphic is great and the backsound is soothing. The only problem now is sometimes I encounter bugs in Golden Wasteland. Like when I come to one area from another area, the screen sometimes went blank. I tried to restart the app and go to that last spot (from Home button) but I'll encounter the same error again. So I have to start running again from first area of Golden Wasteland.
Silent Watcher : The most visually stunning, beautiful, and filled with aesthetic game that I've ever laid my eyes upon on android. The atmosphere is kept throughout the game from the moment it's booted up. Simply wonderful. Though a little bit confusing at the start, and some bugs/glitches I encountered, the game is still able to gave me such an experience that I've never have before. Performance wise, my phone could run it quite smoothly, but the heat it generated might be a problem. Try it out, people!
kc jones : I really liked the game it is a fun story and has great music; however, it felt like out of know where one level was extremely harder than the rest, and it didn't explain what you were supposed to do with different things which just left me confused. It also is starting to lag and mess up a lot more to and it can be very repetitive at times.
Eva Tim : Sky is the best game that ever existed.That is, of course, just my opinion, but I can prove what I stated. Sky gives you a truly unique experience, it can never be boring or ordinary.It also feels like you can never explore the game fully.You can play it endlessly.A combination of relaxing(sometimes alarming) and enveloping music, fantastic graphics, social experience, great meaning in every step of the game(Sky is really philosophical and thought-provoking) and much more is what this game is.
The Book Loving Villain : I downloaded it, started playing and was immediately entranced. The colors blend together so well that it feels like your watching a film of some sort. The audio makes the experience 20 times better, allowing noises to create the environment around you as you play. The concept of interacting, exploring and ultimately setting your own goal is a beautiful concept within this game. Your not forced to follow one, preset path. You're allowed to explore and create your own. 20/10!
Luey Reck : I'll be honest there's not much going on in this game. doesnt really have much gameplay action but the mystic feel and the beautiful graphics and a great controls are sooo good I still rated this game 5 stars. But to be realistic I should have given it a 4. But this game I cant explain it puts you in a spell bond. I love it and dont know why.
sleepypenguin : I've collected over 60 wing lights already(plus strengthen). But then suddenly when i log in to play again, all of them are gone. Disappointed and angry to be honest. Its easy to find them since i know where most of them are but its a hastle to recollect them again for no reason. Plus I've already strengthen my wing lights till 18 or 20, if it started from there i won't mind. Please fix this, it happened once only but i don't want it happen again since it occurs after the update.
Michael Servetus : This game has beautiful graphics, atmosphere, and music! There are some annoying glitches, however, and the flying can be unresponsive and difficult to control. While playing with friends, it also has a tendency to lose synchronization even when we aren't far apart. Lastly, the grind to unlock cosmetics and accessories is very slow in order to incentivize micro-transactions. In spite of these issues, it still gets the highest rating from me since it is the best Android game I've ever played. Hopefully some day they bring Journey to Android as well.
Chesong Kro : Firstly! Kudos to the Developer of the Sky game. I'm quite surprised & love the way you put all things under one roof in a unique way, the 🔊sound/music,The storyline is fun & adventurous. moreover, control is simple & handy. I would say it's Good to kill the time as we all are aware of the current situation. Lastly! Through this medium I would like to humbly request TO all my fellow HUMAN BEING to kindly STAY AT HOME🏡And Save lives! Thank you😇🙂🙏 Regards #Mr.Chesong kro.
Nyxies Moon : Phenomenal. The music & design is a work of art. Its calming, the animations are very cute and gentle and it has a subtle yet strong story plot. NOW. Unfortunately for my phone it's a bit choppy as far as the frames running through, BUT they're working on it! Very proud of them and hope to see more from you guys.
honor : If I'm being honest, such a quality title shouldn't be released on mobile. I've played these guys' other game, Journey, and they can really make impressive, beautiful games. But this game should NOT be on mobile. This should be on PC or consoles. That's really my only issue with the game. The flying is amazing, the visuals and music are beautiful (as expected coming off the back of Journey) and the game is a blast to play.
金云 : Free to play definitely in my opinion. Game's not dominated by p2w although if you're really into it over time, it's not a problem spending some. From personal experience, you can get a lot of in game stuff by your own skills. Also, the game has aesthetics and the graph. I took a lot of good screenshots. Very photogenic. (Spoilers; my favorite is the Vault) Ps. The community is really friendly! I can always find a helpful player to help me through something
Amethyst The Myth-AmophiEon : I like the game beautiful Graphics, great music, however my phone will get hot and shut off, it would lag, and I got as far as deep Grove and it just stopped working for me anyway. It would be cool if it could be on Console like switch or Xbox or something that way everyone can enjoy it. I can imagine right now adding my friends on console and having fun. But it's obviously not working on my phone. I would definitely play it if it was on console. Thank you and Merry Christmas.
Ann : Ι love this game. The graphics are amazing (they can be a bit laggy on older devices), the music is out of this world. The plot is perfect and although the game takes 3-4 hours to finish, you dont get tired and keep on playing again and again every day. I could not suggest it to you enough! (But please add muting the music as a choice in the game :) )
Fire Hazard : This game is amazing!! It's a little bit difficult and/or frustrating at some parts, but definitely worth it. It's very adorable and fun to play with friends. I'm not even done with the entire game but I can already tell the rest of the game is going to be amazing. The scenery and little creatures are really detailed, yet simple at the same time. Definitely recommend!! Edit: the game does take a while, so if you are going for a game that will only take a few mins, this game isn't a good choice.
Jacqueline Redmond : Brilliant game. At 59 years young...am really enjoying this learn as you go game. You learn how to move your personal avatar, make friends, redeem spirits and slowly build your dress code! You have to play to understand that. You learn from your own efforts, other players know how and game rules and tips. Really it's an excellent (with a little frustration in the learning of it) game. Highly recommend for all ages!!
Akshay Dharmadhikari : This game is a bold attempt on social games as far as I know. It reached the mark but also has missed few things. 1st half seems good. Though 2nd half was a mixed bag for me. Lack of useful gestures, pointing locations, quick msgs when holding hands. Unreliable fine control over character. Unclear instructions later in game. Considering all criticism I have this is indeed a remarkable and enjoyable game in this pandemic. Good work !
Sasha Wee : Unless you find a squad, or a group of close friends to play with, you aren't gonna stay in this game for very long. It gets tedious fast, and new content comes at a turtle's pace (and is also quite underwhelming) The grind to get in-game currency is long, about 2 hours of work daily (and that is when you're already experienced, otherwise it will take longer) unless you're willing to whale. Take this old player's advice. Play it for the first time and marvel at its wonder, then move on.
Micaela Denise Prieto : Good game. GREAT STORYLINE!!! I wish the graphics could improve more. There's also a bug when I follow my friend in game (Hidden Forest), I land under the map, can't get out of it which always took a life of my character. Also, the game crashes sometimes forcing me to restart it. This game is a nice one and improvement is a must hehehe 😁
Nyan Fatt Liew : Love the graphic, love the whole theme, but the game just crashes too many times and buggy. Its hard to join your friend. Keep bringing me to social place when my friend is somewhere different place in the map. By the time i reach there. Cant trace my friends at all. Really hope they fix the bugs n crashes. Will be very mad if the game crashes during the last stage and i lose all the hard earned stars for nothing.
LAURYN : Absolutely fantastic! Beautiful journey, wonderful music! Ya gotta at least TRY THIS! *****5 stars for graphics, even on low resolution its stellar. *****5 stars its a 'Play no pay' that's refreshing! You CAN buy fun things, but it is by no means necessary. *****5 stars for the interaction capabilities! Have fun exploring together, communicating with gestures and messages. AWESOME!
Lazeh Potataes : The game is amazing! The controls for flying is so-so. Although, I do have problems regarding the Golden Wasteland stage. Around the shipwreck area, where the pipes lead to another part of the map. Whenever I try to enter said part, the game hangs, then crashes. It would be appreciated if this is fixed, thank you!
Victor Fambre Trés : The game has magnificent graphic and really big maps, the way to play is so smooth, fly in this game is something awesome, sliding too. However it is just that, your player learn a lot of useless movements and you have no way to fightback against the only 2 enemies existent in this game, you always have to run and return in your loop when you go to the Eyes of Eden. Ps. Some hidden location and also the other thing cool you can just access if you pay a really high amount of money
Joseph : The game looks absolutely stunning. I love the colors and polygon models. The story of the sky children and spirits are wonderful and the ability to customize your character is a huge plus for me. Flying is fun, however, the controls can be really infuriating especially in windy areas. Also losing winged lights and grinding for candles or hearts is a huge pain. It sucks when I lose winged lights bc they reappear in random locations when they should instead reappear where I last got them. 7/10
Crazy Dude : This game is so beautiful so calm and nice I love this game is my favorite one so far
Nela Ion : This game is indescribable amazing. I can tell it's been inspired from Journey game, but it brought down to mobile the experience to a new level. The controls are super easy, the music and visuals are out of this world beautiful. The fact that it is multiplayer makes it even more exciting! Congrats to the developers and designers. Putting a story in a world with no dialogue is insanely hard, and your story is touching and smooth. - signed, a game design student.
Pattamon P : Great game. Good graphic and storyline. Beautiful characters. Love this game. Only sad thing is my phone doesn't have enough ram. So, the game can't run smoothly and crashes quite often, especially in Hidden Forest and when I enter the new map in Wasteland 😔 Also it could get boring after running through the same map after awhile. Hope there will be more new map coming!
Amylee Martinez : This is a great game. Yes it has some lags, but you have to make the best of it. Especially when the krill glitches it makes wierd movements and it very funny. Some things are for the best. When the spirit vanishes in mid connection, just go restart. It doesn't matter how many time you do it, as long if it's with a friend, you'll never get bored. I have alot of friends and help the new ones get all the maps.If it glitches you out, go back again. THIS GAME DESERVES A 5 STAR RATING. ❤
plain water : The game is good, it's has vivid and mesmerising visuals, the controls and game mechanism is also simple and easy to understand, great platform to meet people from around the world and interact, loved everything but there is this one problem, that it keeps telling me error connecting and fhat either the sever may be down or my internet connection is not stable, well my connection is perfectly stable and i don't think the server goes down everyday, i would be more than glad if you'd fix this bug.
Shababa Bewick : This is honestly my favorite game ever. As an artist & gamer I love the quality, graphics, roleplaying, & hard work you can have in this game. Personally, as a person who has a hard time learning emotions its helped me a lot to understand it, learn with my character on why & how you get the emotions..Heres some downsides of it..its extremely hard to get hearts.. even having a large group of friends its still hard to get heart particles to complete it.. Theres a lot more to say but no more room..
PastelKirby : this game is so sweet and calming. i made a friend and they taught me a song through the game. you can tab out or turn it off at any time and it'll remember where you left off and leave your character meditating in that spot. i regret playing before the switch release though, as my phone isn't strong enough to run the game at a high resolution. recommendation to the developers: can adding a friend not cost a candle right away? i almost lost my song friend because i didn't have one.
Christy Boulay : I love this game because it is so much fun to play abd I had I lot if fun and it felt like I was in a safe place and it felt magical place to be in
Subhash J. Shirke : Good game, I would like if it didn't have that online multiplayer thing. If this was offline, or any easier to get candles, then I would play it more. Also the control are not that good*. Sometimes I just get bumped, and I still don't understand flying mechanics. But I'm bored at this. Nothing more than great animation and travel.
Aria Johnson : Absolutely gorgeous graphics. And the audio is incredible as well. The controls can be really difficult at times, and I would like to know why I can't fly certain places (I keep getting pushed back and idk why). But yeah it's totally gorgeous!! Also, I would love to see the headphones get added to the Android version, cuz I really wanna get those!! They look really cool 😮.
Trisha Christensen : This game is beyond amazing, it is so thought through! I constantly found myself thinking 'this Is honestly to good to be true'; it doesn't cost you anything to play and you are able to play with players all over the world, it's super good quality, and it is neverending! I had no expectations when downloading the game so it really just took me by surprise, I don't write reviews ever but this game really deserved a recommendation, I highly recommend it!
Julia Romero : I don't usually do reviews but this will be my first one for this game was just exceptional. It was a wholesome experience everytime. It values friendship, teamwork, and communication which I haven't found in other games. Its beautiful and touching how you can communicate with other players and give each other gifts, help each other reach goals, fly together, etc. The music is very touching too and the sfx are great. I wish I could write a longer review to write everything I love abt this game.
Diane Goño : Everything about this game, the look of it, the feel, the music score, is absolutely phenomenal. I feel lighter and calmer when I fly through the game's clouds, and the fantastic music is lovely. Simple game mechanics, ultrasimplified friend system, wholesome all around. Having an S8, I did experience some lag on the framerate, and the lines weren't as smooth as I wanted. 9/10.
Lam Ching : It amazes and blows my mind that this game is free, the absolute beauty that this games contains is mind-boggling. The controls are easy to use after getting used to it, the characters are and cosmetics are cute, the gameplay and storyline is also quite fantastic. You make a lot of new friends and it has just the right balance of thrill and tranquility!
valen_18 : I'm happy I played this game, if it wasn't for Sky, I wouldn't have friends, and a family. It's was really fun from the start, but everytime, EVERYTIME I go into the app it gets more boring. I start to get more unactive, just a loop, you candlerun, you socialize, then rest. Basically like real life. It's kinda boring tbh, if you could add something really fun for us. I'd appreciate it, I know your working really hard. Thanks for reading my dumb message! :)
Aharu : This has to be the best multiplayer game on mobile. It's just really good, the graphics, interactions, gameplay, like almost everything. The only problem is the controls for me, the only options are to make it not/inverted or one/two finger option. It would be better if devs added more controller options. For me, this the best game you can ever play on mobile.
Jia : At its best, it's incredible. You get a serious sense of control and lightness that no other game has. The world is beautiful, accompanied by incredible music. The levels are fun, and encourage you to explore every nook and cranny. At it's worst is irritating. Sometimes your character jumps off a cliff, sometimes you find yourself stuck in the clouds flying in circles. As someone who's awful at direction, it can be frustrating to navigate the levels (mostly forest).
Nat GL : Such a beautiful game! The graphics and the music are stunning. It's relaxing (well, usually, there are a few more tense parts) and fun. The story is engaging and the characters are cute. I love collecting everything, even when it's quite challenging sometimes. The flight is a bit hard to control though, and the items are a bit too expensive. Also the game uses a lot of power so my phone overheats a lot.
Vasmar : I just finished playing the game. It's amazingly pleasant to play and has a really good storyline. The reason why I'm not fully satisfied is because even though I use a Huawei P20 Pro, which runs really demanding games at full graphics, Sky only allows me to set the second best graphics possible in the game (two lightnings showing in the battery icon). If you guys made it so that the graphics can stop being pixelated for really good phones, it would be the perfect experience.
Klondyke : First. I love this game. Reminds me of Journey to no end. I love the friend aspect, beautiful!! I love collecting the expressions. But one thing I don't like. The controls. They're bearable. But very fiddly and loose. I don't feel in complete control of what my character does. Sometimes they'll start flying randomly and the controls while flying is so infuriating. If the turning was made tighter and more sharp and refined, this game would be brilliant! I love this game, thank you for this ♥️
Respondi433 YouTube : If you like adventure and art and mystery this is the game for you ! I have to say I love this adventure type game, this one ticks all the boxes but only one thing is needed, talking characters. Apart from that its like being in a adventure fantasy movie, wonderful graphics too. I would go as far as saying this is the most interesting game I have ever played on mobile, and it is great for creative types. It runs out of things to do eventually, a building option would be great, or sailing a ship
Musaib Amin 5365 : This is the best game I've ever played. Theres multiple reasons why I think you should play this game. First of all this game revolves around many categories of games like adventure. Secondly I also think this game is really good on it's graphics and controls because everything is easy to see and the game runs very smooth. So I would say that this is far one of the best game ever.
Bryan Burns : There needs to be more games like this. If you like "journey" for Ps3-4 try this out. The controls for flying need some tweaks, but I haven't had a problem. People say there is game lag which I haven't experienced. I'll most likely make in-app purchases just because the game is so beautiful and I want to contribute to it somehow. Great work! * O.k. this is now my favorite game for the phone. It's just beautiful and everyone in the game I've met has been friendly and helpful.
Slyree Leong : I don't like the game , I can't change the language
Alayna Dawn : Absolutely remarkable. Graphics are beautiful. Control is very easy. Plot is eccentric and interesting. In the beginning, I fell in love so fast. I was caught off guard as the game got harder and less happy go lucky, but I don't dislike it. It was a little shock to go from rolling hills and flowers to acid rain, killer beasts, and impossible wind. It went from being very a peaceful and calming game so something more stressful and challenging. But I don't love it any less. Absolutely remarkable.
Alexis : I've been playing for 6 months now and 2 seasons, one of them with pass. I like how much the android version has improved, it was pretty rough and stressful at first gameplay wise but it's getting better. Still has its fair share of bugs. The balance between free-to-play and paid is really good and solid in my opinion. My issues are the amount of bugs (MANY), which compromise mechanics, and the lack of lore. But overall Sky is a very fun game and I've met really amazing people, thank you TGC.
Londynn Garrison : I absolutely am in love with this game i saw an ad for it and i looked too interesting not to download and i was very interested this game did not disappoint its now my favorite game on my phone and i hope it stays that way ❤
Mandy Tong . 子晴 : Sorry but I had to uninstall it. After 11 months of playing, doing CRs every day, buy Adventure Passes since Prophecy, it felt more like a chore than a relaxing one. Don't get me wrong, the game is great, but seriously, we need more content and interactive event rather than focusing on CRs to get the cosmetics. The time-limited events are great, but what we could do is CR and IAP through every event, which gets dull over time, no more excitement after a few months of playing other than the TS :c
jiyo zy : amazing graphics, storyline, and mesmerising gameplay. however, i am stuck at one level, i think it was because i didnt underdstand what i am supposed to do. i think improvements can be made in the part where you tap your character if you are lost to help you "find" your way. i think an arrow should be used instead to show the way the player should go clearer.
hardhead higgins : It's the perfect game..it's like having god's imagination in the palm of your hand. I do feel like it's got a few ways of being better..I don't have the time to play this thing 100 times to get the items and I'm definitely not going to spend money for candles and hearts to get a hairstyle or some pants..make the candles and hearts easier to obtain and I would play 10 more times. Besides that this is gorgeous game. 10/10 Its like playing a really good dream. No voices just sounds and art.
Mei Heriawaty : It is really great! And i can't describe how amazing this game is with just words. the graphics are amazing, the story behind all this are amazing, although the controller are a bit confusing at first and sometimes the camera are glitch out or out of place, but other than that it's amazing. And could still has a reason to play even after finished it until the end thanks to events and daily tasks.
Brian Preis : not sure that I get it, but it is a very beautiful world for a different type of adventure
L Z : Beautiful experience, controls is a bit odd but overall fun. However the UI and gameplay instructions are not very clear. E.g. what are the benefits of upgrading an "expression". Also it never explained the death of a character, and how effects the player, and the fact that you can lose wing fragments (?) from it. Also not sure how to regain them back. It's quite disappointing when I loose 2 in a roll and really discouraged me from keep playing this game. Please fix or provide proper guidance.
Crystal Reimer : I have suggestions for better game play. #1: not everyone wants to play with other people. Super frustrating that others actions affect my game. (One example, I was trying to get a winged light and another player activating something no where near where I was pulled me from what I was doing, super frustrating) #2: all light gone in the final step and a total character reset seems harsh. Maybe not losing your full status at the end would be cool. Other than that, cool game!
Captain Hope : I will admit that I doubted this game would be as good as it claims. Too many mobile games claim to be amazing works of art and then fall incredibly short but thankfully, this game is not one of them. The artwork is stunning, the controls are fluid and the music serves as a beautiful companion to the story and I can't believe it's free. If you loved Journey then you'll love this game, please give it a shot and you'll fall in love with it like I did.
Imtiaz Ahmed Mitul : Most amazing experience I had with this game
Malekh : I really liked the game but after the last update, the emote menu icons is too big and i liked the old one better. Though the option where the emote, stances, and spells were seperated is a great idea. And please change the icons of the instruments too. Its a bit harder for me to tap on it for some reason even though my phone doesn't have any problems with the touch screen. Also the new friendship tree is rather confusing too. Please change all of these big icons. It's just a little weird
Will Hart : Most beautiful game I've played on phone, maybe ever. Really great Journey vibes, stunning visuals and audio, could and do spent hours playing at a time. It's very refreshing to play too with the simple visuals and UI. The controls can be fiddly or temperamental but as there are practically no time pressures with the game, slowing down and taking your time with it is always rewarded.
than win : One of the best games. Anything can happen. Feel like I'm also in that place. Game is like cartoon. Interesting and new things are discover ed every moment. Just more than a game. Extraordinary and the graphic and scenary are absolutely beautiful. Moreover, there are also instrumental sounds, very pleasant. Thus,I feel like I am in the heaven. I recommend you to download and you won't be regret about it. Meet new friends and relax in the places of Sky.
eu nice : I have really been hooked into the game! I love that instead of a tutorial, we are supposed to explore on our own which gives each individual their own unique experience of the game. The cosmetics are great, love the new update of the Sanctuary. By the way, I also like the musical instruments, easy to use for noob music players like me HAHAHA. Overall, really great game! RECOMMENDED! DOWNLOAD NOW PEOPLE! 👍👍😍
Angela Gomez : This have is one of the most fascinating and BEAUTIFUL heard I have ever played! The graphics are absolutely amazing, the characters are you very cute and the open world is just rich with sounds and beauty! It's fun that you can meet your little friends on there and light their lights and they can do the same for you to show your friendship. Beautiful game such a great job with it and keep up the great work! This game deserves an award because there is no other like it!
Peggy S : I love this game. I really do. It's calm but there's some challenging parts ahead every now and then. Yet the game makes you become diligent. You just feel encouraged and motivated to keep trying until you succeed. Good game. But one problem. My game kept crashing half way when I'm on the boat at the wasteland. And whenever that happens I have start from "home" and travel all the way back to the jeti again which is annoying. Please help.
Norah Calvert : This game is one of the best games out there!! Not only do you always have fun it's almost never glitchy. It has a cute style that makes you feel happy when you play it. They have an amazing story line that keeps u interested!! You will never want to put your phone down until the end. It's so cute and Honestly one of the best games I have ever played on my phone. The graphics are amazing and never glitchy and when I say never I really mean never! It's like you're carrying around a consul.
Ally ssaw : (New)Definitely a fun game! It's totally worth it!! Plus to make your game experience fun, try to befriend people then it WILL be a fun experience no doubt about it!! It was very fun to play with people, it can be a nice way to be social :) My only concern is that my device heats up... I don't know why it does that but yeah
Hannah Olafson : I love this game and I have been searching Google play for any other game similar. It is the closest to a free world game I have ever found. It is so relaxing and the music is so calming. The only bad thing is it is a battery sucker, but I have no problem playing next to an outlet. This is probably my favorite game I have ever downloaded on my phone
Sheri L. Williamson : A beautiful, engrossing game with an addictive balance of fun and drama. Though you can do a lot solo, the game encourages and rewards players for cooperating and developing relationships. It's also evolving as the developers use regular events ("seasons") to expand the story. Best of all, you don't see ads, though certain actions will trigger a pop-up about in-app purchases. I've already made an in-app purchase mainly to support the developers and will continue to do so.
Simone Filter : WOW. I don't even have the words to describe how INCREDIBLE this game, no experience, is. The graphics, the sound, the entire atmosphere. Wow.
[Siraya] : I usually never rate games, but this game is the best game I've ever played, the graphics, the story, the flying. It is so perfect, you still have stuff to do after the story "ended" and can collect candles everyday. Make new friends, costumize your character and so on. I rate this game a 10/5 its crazy, you must try it! You won't be disappointed.
Wnfrd Yml : In a matter of 1 week, this game turned from being one of the most beautiful games on android there is, to being a pixelated laggy mess. I also don't appreciate the fact that now whenever I go to candle run, I end up in a dead server with no-one around me and where darkness plants refuse to melt. And this is on top of the constant server split issue. It's really more exhausting to play than enjoyable. And yes, I've done everything I can to try and fix it. Not giving up on you guys yet tho
HonorSpren VG : Wow. This is one of the most fulfilling games I've ever played Well done graphics and immersive music paired with simple but powerful storytelling make Sky a must play! There's no pay to win aspect, but the game will make you want to buy something to support the dev team. The only thing I think Sky is missing: a VR version. Please bring this to Rift/Quest/Vive/Daydream... well, maybe not Daydream... To have this in VR... I might never log out...
TechnOwl : This is one of my all time favorite games. Sure landing can be a little finicky and there are minor graphical glitches occasionally, though not lasting for more than 2-3 seconds. This is still an amazing game! The art style and designs are awesome, the silent story telling is great, and the multiplayer aspect doesn't really distract and can really elevate many moments in the game. And the ending... 😤👌 a huge spectacle! A treat for the eyes, ears, and soul.
Vouge : It is reaallyyy a greeaatt gamee, every story and every journey u go to is super great, although I have been having a hard time everytime that a notification or whatever it is, pops out whenever I'm playing. It says that, I have to download this area and even if I clicked the button yes to download it, it just keeps on popping again and again and again. Hope you can fix this thank you!
dead : everything is so pretty and the gameplay is nice while going through so i just wish they had a offline mode so i could play anytime with it but hope it will be planned out eventually!!
Lyn Stark : Ok first, the graphic is on point and I really love the background sounds. This game actually got me into it right when I started playing! The peaceful sounds and music really calms me down. I also love how it has quests and things you can collect or earn and it's multiplayer too! I haven't gone far since I just started playing a few days ago but I love it already!!
Audrey Manalo : This game is great but its keep crashing and I dont know why but when I login to the game its keep crashing
Jasmine Delo : I love it, great visuals, sounds, and customization features. Although I have to note its hard to take in the visuals more later on and after the first go through. The intensity and the lack of information in the end gave me misunderstandings and I started to panic. Had to do online research to understand. Even still, great game. 1 thing. I just don't like Krills and Crabs. I wish there would be a free roam once you complete a map or something. For visual exploration. (Can't do much with Krills)
Divine Titan : Awesome, use headphone to play, that's the real fun of this game,Visually stunning and an art work mare into a game. Every location is breathtaking and no moment in the game is boring, even when you're on standby, the view is enough to keep you satisfied. The community is friendly and many co-players help beginners find their wings.Just cosmetic are kinda expensive tho. Well recommended game.
Faith Alverson : I think its a wonderful game although it since if there was a offline local play or Offline single player.
KID D : Its a really fun game with friends. Playing solo is hellish, boring and repetitive. You'll find yourself unintentionally envious of others in groups, especially when dying in rain or bad water. Finding new players will be your only respite as its something different. Its painfully repetitive and there's not enough content to come back everyday unless you want to farm for accessories. Fun game, that never ends
Ang Deer : Although Sky is visually pleasing and relatively simple, it does have its fair share of technical issues. Such as: touch response and feedback being inconsistent during flight and sometimes on ground; there are times the player auto jumps or doesn't which can cause issues; there's no way to avoid losing a star after the centipede dragon sees you; there is lag when you're on with other players; auto focus can be a hindrance when going off course; and others. Still these issues aren't major.
Devapath Pain : This game was so amazing I enjoyed and grind a lot in this game but now it keeps crashing in my device I can't Even log in tf how am I gonna play if I cant even start playing
