Deano LR : Was doing well, on level 7, 300 balls but whatever, then the game froze, tried shooting some balls but nothing helped. little frustrating but I still enjoy the game.
Jonathan Nava [Johnmaster21] XD : Excellent time waster, astonishing graphics, and epic surround sound. Overall great game but verrrrryyy limited to the free edition of the game.
COSMO5 : I wish there zero stars to rate ! First of you play hard and reach as far as you can , i played for 20 minutes and i clicked on pause and then went to the menu . I took some rest and returned to the game and it says that you need to go premium to start from the checkpoint.Means what type of game is this you need money to save your progress . Useless app .
Amya Buckles : Fun and challenging I could stay in it all day but sometimes it has a glitch like it will come to the menu I mean at least for me
VIVEKANAND PRASAD MORIL : Very nice game! It is very relaxing and soothing. Voice commands and graphics are superb and are at another level. Very nice game to enjoy and pass time. You can just download the game without any doubt. Keep it up!!
AKSHAYGAMER : Stupid haha!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! No intrest only destroying glass. Destroying glasses are not good for themselves all peoples are hard working trying to make the glasses and you are destroying? Very bad!! We don't need to destroy glasses in game also I thing just frastrating me about destroying glasses no intresting full waste time!!
Dyutiman Hazra : Splendid with good natural music. Unable to understand why I am not able to buy Premium Version. Tried several times but payment declined. Developer Team please have a look and revert
Skully : This game is sooo fun and satisfying and just soooo amazing! The only problem is you need premiun just to respawn at your checkpoints!?!? What thas just crazy!? I know its not that much but... its just crazy!
Paul Reubens : This is one of the best free games out there! There's ZERO ads, and the game is awesome! I HIGHLY recommend it!!!
Pandalover Imsong : Best games i can suggest to anyone to play when we are bored or when we think we need to relax. Among all the game I have played it served the best service, it's funny, entertaining and also helps us to develop a mind of concentration...
George Fitzpatrick : Fun game, I HATE that you need to purchase Premium to load checkpoints, I would rather watch an ad to load a checkpoint, if you didn't have to buy premium to unlock half the game, would be a 5 star cause the game is addicting
Maithreyi Ray : this game is a very amazing one. it is always a kind of a stress remover for us it always helps me divert my mind from any kind of problem it is just out of the world .it also helped me improve my consentration plus my reflexes . just love it.........
Christian Acosta : I love this game so much! The 2 dollars for the other game modes are worth it. Even when you just wanna relax or you just want a nice game with destruction or good graphics. This game is always there!
Y.J. M : This game is just so amazing. Among all the things I love about it(such as music and pleasure of smashing glass-like obstacles) the best is its beautiful and highly imaginative graphic design which I enjoy at every moment of playing this game... Such a beautiful game:)
Stewart Boltz : As a new player i find it to be increasilngly bingeful. I did pay for the 2 dollar upgrade and it is worth it. The checkpoints are long and it is fair. Keep updating and join.
Rida Jain : Overall its a nice game but there are 2 problems 1- There are always Same levels having same obstacles. 2-we cannot continue it from a higher level
UmbralTanuki : God, I remember playing this years ago. It was really fun! Played it one more time just for the nostalgia trip. Hell this game is amazing, quality, top tier on my list, gameplay, easy, but nostalgic. I think I played this in 2012 or 2014 I forget.
36 RISHAV KUMAR : Quite boring game. Good for playing once or twice a day but not addicting. Each and every thing requires premium membership and even you cant continue from checkpoints. Its a type of pay to win game. Not much variety in this game. The various modes in this games also requires premium membership so i am not interested in this game.
Sandra Lopez : I love it when you out first play it is so nice. Then it gets better it's fast but slow and changing speeds and music constantly but it all relaxing. I love it.
Pupper10 : look i love the game but why does it need premium to get everything its hard to play the game with no any checkpoint bc for example i make it to level 5 and i died but i dont have premium witch means i have to go to level 1 all over it takes for ever to go back yes there is the icials to help get 3 balls but its hard just plz uptade the game so that theres no premium on checkpoints but i still love the game
Michelle Junkere : I played it on an old phone that's broken so it didn't shoot when I wanted to say I'm going to download it on my little more phone that isn't broken I did but you have to pay to go past the first level
Kamala Greenwood : I love this game and have played it for over 6 years. And to the commenter who gave this a one star because they couldn't get past level 5, after a two year break i was able to pick up this game and get to level 11 on my first try.
Kharl Christian Marquez : As you can see from the stars, this deserves a 5 star because of how the game works. It's fun and challenging. I've played this a lot of times and have gotten to infinity stage a lot too. Overall a fun game, would recommend!
Tanveer Fatima : I like how it slowly goes from begginer to intermediate. It gives just enough time for you to get ready and it doesn't lag at all it doesn't take much space either. It's a five star for me👍👍
Mikel Donkor : Great app perfect quality easy to play, only issue is you have to do premium to start where you lose balls
The Blackfur : this game is amazing!!! i found out this game while i was playing it on the school ipad since some of the ipads had it so when i tried it, i got addicted to it so i decided to get it on my phone and im glad that it barley takes up storage bec the games i would get would take up my storage but this game is somehow very addicting to me and i love it
Erick Stryker : This game is a great challenging game that will make you more intreagued to play it and get deeper into the game. It will also make you test your ability to pay attention to your surrounding and your speed. Over all this is a well thought out game with little to no ads.
Tony King : I absolutely love this game the sound matches when you break it it's fun it's enjoyable and if you like to hear things break this is the game for you I give this a five out of five i just can not explain how fun it is I. I love this game so much ❤️
SussyImpostorSheesh : The game is goodbut there are some bugs that COMPLETELY ruin the game.There are some levels that require you to buy premium membership . The game overall is completely based on the glass engine. 2 stars
Casey Shelhart : The game is simple. Timing is everything. No ads, no purchases, no impossible levels. This game is better than almost every other mobile game.
Savannah Miller : It's pretty good, but the only thing I would change is having to go back every time you happen to run out. Maybe if you make it past your goal you could go another time from where you ended last, if that makes any sense. Hope this helped others have a good day!:)
Parth Gokhale : Brilliant game. One of the best offline games around. You need very high concentration in the later stages and it gets irritating but it's fun at the same time.
ABDUR RAHMAAN SAIT : Really fun . But I think we should be able to continue from check points without paying money.And the powerups should last a little more longer and if u are giving +3 balls for hitting crystals there should be more crystals appearing.
Tarushee Agarwal : i like this game very much but there is a problem that if i want to continue from checkpoint 2 or 3 or if i want to change the mode then it requires really money and that i hate about this game!!!!!please remove this premium quality please
La_Monkeeey : Great game. Ive played for a long time and then i forgot this game, but when i saw it in the app store i downloded it again. And now after a month of haveing it im at level 9, wish i could start from my checkpoints without preimium though.
Psychic 201 : Nice to play, but 1 thing that I don't satisfy that each time1 I hit 1 obstacles I lost 10 balls, you supposed to make it lost 5 balls except at checkpoint door I can keep it 10, the rest of it is. 👌
Artin Moghaddam : This game is filled with creativity and visual arts, the graphics and physics are mind-blowing! It's a lil bit old, but still gold!
Mesmerizing Glass Noises : It's mesmerizing and just overall fun but I finally broke down and bought the premium version but I didn't actually get the benefits of it. Because of this I can't rate it any higher than 3 but I still recommend just don't buy the premium version.
Fernando Trestiza : This game has a good graphics also the levels are also challenging which is making the game more addictive at the same time the music was so good!
Dave Lennon-Copeland : This should be advertised as a demo, as all other game play is premiun. Also, why bother showing "check point saved" when you cant use it unless you pay for premium. SMH!
Amay Verma : Best game. I have been playing this game for a long time but never felt boring. The graphics, the gameplay, the music are so good. I really love this game. But there should be more levels in it. I hope the developers should be looking at it in the future updates.
Michael Emanuel : I played this game years ago, it was just as good then as it is now, a great THANK U goes out to the graphics department for NOT changing any part of the game, this is y I am giving it 5 stars, if I could give it more than 5 stars i would.
Brittany Fielder : I love the game and I purchased the premium mode but it won't let me do the other modes. It tells me to buy it again and then when I click to purchase it tells me I already own it then crashes..
Stetson Ayers : I like the game it's pretty fun but it needs to not have the premium that cost money because you should be able to pick the level you want whenever you want and I think it's kind of annoying that you can
Rony Smith : I think I've reached till last level of game. And my overall experience was amazing. I'm only playing this game from past 1 year and I can bet it is way better than other games. Just download it once you'll know how happy you can be with it.
Mukesh Chauhan : This game is very nice in my opinion. It never get lags. Its graphic is next level. I stop to play online games because of bad device but here i shouldn't need to get good device for playing this game.
XCX-carla-drama : Love the game, one thing though the rooms spin at some points in game and that makes my vertigo kick in. If you could make rooms where there is the option for spinning that would be great!
Giovanni Albano : 9 years and it's still the best □□□□ing game I've ever played. And will play. I mean I just recently got farther than I've ever gotten. Even tho I just died still fun. It's a skill, something to master, amazing work.•
mr tj Henry : Game is basically addictive. Infinite levels, critical thinking, and difficulty is what makes this game good for the brain.
Big Chungus : This is a great offline game of you need to burn time or of you're busy bored, it's easy to understand, but the fun party is how challenging it gets towards the end.
Autumn : I've been playing this game probably when around it came out. I don't think the app store tells you the apps release date but ive been playing 2015+ it's very challenging and the session can last for a while.
manisha Singla : Very good game this is! The graphics are amazing and it wouldn't take too long to understand the game it is very easy. You would master this game really fast overall, a fun game to play.
XxJust_MonikaxX : I am absolutely in LOVE with this game me and my Dad used to play this Everyday all the time, you couldn't get us off the app. There's no bugs or glitches, And overall I would recommend to every person who wishes to get the app.
Will P : Really easy to pick up, almost impossible to master. This is one of the only games I'd consider buying premium for. Also, no ads.
Brittany stelzer : The best Marble based glass breaking game ever, hardly any ads, and it's completely free. 10/10, best glass breaking game that isn't a "brand new" "simulator" game! I suggest this game 100%
Sanjay Ghatisingh : I love this game and I'm so glad its still around till today, I use to play this all the time and 4 years later I'm glad its still here. 10/10, Great music, fun gameplay and I would recommend.
CANTIN Chaves : Do you ACTUALY have to get premiun to start from chekpoints!?!!?!!?!?! and can you fix high cuality? All it does is make things blury when they are near :-(. But I still enjoy the game I just think it needs a few more things fixed.
DMR : Whats the deal with this game, whenever I stop playing & come back later to play it starts all over from the beginning. Doesn't save and pick up in the stage I was in. Does one have to purchase premium to make that happen or what. I mean its only buck 99 but should I purchase it and it does the same thing id be unhappy. So what is it. Unsure here. 🤔
Yadez Temporary : Thanks for the enjoyable smash hit. The fine presision of the crystals are cool. I would slightly revise the too many glascubs to be smashed getting to the next level. Best wishes.
AKRAM ALI : After some level there is nothing new to do. You can't play this game everyday , at beginning of this game was fun, but after some level you couldn't found anything new or intresting graphic is great . After 1 ,2 or 4 days you don't want to play it.
ABM Enterprises : I could give it 5 stars but the whole checkpoint thing drives me crazy like when you go to like 8th checkpoint if you don't have premium you have to start from the beginning thats just ruins the fun.but good game💯
SlovoNula : Satisfying, very well made, and stress-releaver, it may get boring after a couple or so hours playing, but that's not the case for me, really. I rate this 5/5.
Jess Parker : I love this game it's easy to relaxing and it's very calming only thing I wish is that it had updates like more levels and a couple other things I can't really think of that would be great but other than that this game is great I only give this a four-star cuz I've played it for a while like 3 years I've known this game for 3 years I think and there has never been an update for the time I've had it
Khadija Mujahid : Don't download this game. This is very bad game they are only collect money from us and don't give us premium I click on get premium and pay money to play more levels but it does not work. I m feeling angry with this game. I spend 203rs on this game but still game start from 1st kevel. Froud froud froud game
Indrani Sharan : Easy controls, cool interface, a great arcade games with gameplay distributed among new and exciting levels.
Ben Laney : I really enjoyed this game. At some areas it gave me sort of a "dystopian world" vibe. I really liked how you could choose what quality the graphics would be
Eileen Shannon : The obstacles aren't always fair. Which makes it more challenging exciting and irritating. And I'm hooked.
beth detuyatu : Not gonna lie, This is very good, Very 3D, And very amazing grapics, Good music, And if you break glass the sound is just like breaking glass in real life, I love it ive been playing this game since i was grade 3, And now im grade 5, And is still the same, I love it.
Pizzacat : This game is SO addicting the graphics are up to the brim the satisfying noise when you break the glass best game to play if your bored, on a plane, or camping because it's fun and its offline so this game so nice.
Naitik Solanki : It is so so cool I also have seen the full trailer but I downloaded it in 2019 or 2018 It is so comfortable to play and sit in a sofa thats when I rate it 5 star it is better than solar smash but idk that it is popular or not It feels comfortable and really really cool than antistress in the world and has no ads to annoy someone
Rodney bOLINDER : Perfect for anyone who is looking for something different. Go shatter glass with headphones or surroundsound and feel like you just did yourself a faver. I'd pay for this one if I had $.
Sleeparalysis : All you can do in this game is the continuous levels that are given to you starting off the game. If you want to play more than your given free within the game, you have to pay to experience them. Which sucks for people that actually like the game, but don't have the money to spend on this game or just don't want to, just to access enjoyment in this game.
Calvin Cedric Pontillas : Very terrible game. First you need premium for checkpoints but why the heck do you need that if you added checkpoints bc checkpoints are for free not premium although this game dosent have ads but its still terrible because once you die and almost beat it you need premium for it thats so stupid.
Siri Chandhana : It's really a amazing once i start the game i don't want to leave it ...it really deserves 5 stars🌟..only one thing just remove the premium then no one can give this game any other star except 5 stars ..just fix that :)
oRampage : This game sucks. Every time I hit the glass, the end on the glass would still hit me and making me lose ny streak, what is worse is that if u miss the crystal that gives u extra balls u would lose ur streak. How annoying.
BadKarma : This game is kinda fun if you have reflexes, I love how satisfying it is to smash the glass with the metal balls but a bad thing is that it doesn't save what level you were up to unless you have premium but the game is fun
Keira Reeves : I really like the game cus it really puts your mind into focus mode you know what I mean but I like it it is very realistic and there is something else I noticed that I have NEVER gotten a AD 5 stars for that alone
Vincent : Simple fun, can get very challenging. One of the best free games on the play store.
Lumko Hermanus : ASMR Delight. Amazing build-up and aesthetically pleasing world. The graphics, the music blend together nicely and add to the deepening experience 👌🏽🌟
Clara GraceGal : Really good app to play, helps calm me down whenever I get overstimulated! Definitely would recommend. It is also satisfying to watch the glass shatter!
SuperDistroyerPower : This Game Had A Great Graphics For When It Was Released Even Now Many Games Don't Have A Graphics Engine Anywhere Near As Good. The Paid Version Is Also Very Worthit Since The Zen Mode Music Is Very Relaxing And The Mayhem Mode Is Soo Cool.
NASAboy10 : It's a really good game I like the power ups and the way it looks sound design beautiful, the game itself beautiful, and the levels beautiful. 10/10 would recommend
Anthony Barnes : Enjoying the game for what it is..Completely enjoy the fact that there are no in game ads. I'm going to purchase the premium edition just to throw some money at the developers.
Praveen Prakash : Love the game. Like the unique game mechanics and music. Had some minor restart issues with in app purchase.
Rounak Sharma : Best game on playstore. This game is so satisfying and will never bore an individual, it's an infinity game and the graphics are so good. In love with this game. All should definitely give it a try.😍
Haid3rs ! : I played this when I was like 9 years old. Even today, it's still a good game that can keep me going in minutes. Thanks for shoving this in my head, otherwise, I would have to find another solution to keep me satisfied and relaxed.
Joseph Correnti : I really liked this game at first , but , I was up to 5 balls , I hit the next obstacle in line , and lost 10 balls , and firing from 5 to 1 ball ! NOW , if I fire 5 balls and hit my next obstacle, a plate glass , 5 balls shattered it ! Yet the game reaction was as I missed and was penalized. I got fed up and ended the game . Can't play a game like that !
Rick Tailsman : This game is fun but what I don't like is you need to buy other game modes and need to get premium for everything else in this game, even going to your last checkpoint at this point it's ridiculous.
Ngozi Maduka : It was nice though,my experience with this game is ok and i trust it will get better. I really enjoy the game and hope to reach greater and more difficult levels.
Om Prajapati : Worst app only works level if there is premium other wise you have to again start from the beginning. I started game and reached at level 3 and wanted to start from 3 but it started from level 1. Worst game ever....🤬🤬🤬🤬😡😡
v Rod : Beautifully design in highest definition mode, addictive way to pass time... BUT, if your mind gets too deep into the "game" --expect to have some damages to brain & sociopathicalogicalistic ids!
XxSaa_dudexX : I really like this game the thing is i dont understand why we have tou pay $2! Just for us to save our progress. I would love to save my progress for free. Please fix this
Mircea Popa : Break glass, get hit by debris....lose 10 balls. Some obstacles are imposdible to break on time. The spinning level makes me very dizzy and cannot concentrate.
Crystal Flowers : Absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this game!!! I have been playing this game for years. It's one of the first games I download every time I get a new phone. Note to the developers: More games like this. Please & thank you. 🤩🤩
Ginger Rose : Im not giving this game a bad rateing cuz it could be my phones falt, but i tryed opening the app menny times and it just crashes. I even tryed uninstaling it and redownloading it
Chase ICON : We had to get it to the house and then I had a few things I needed for the kitchen to do a lot more than the one that was jack and I had a great experience in this field of the same level as the first one is the most popular in a world that is not a big part in all aspects and the fact is the only smash. Hit
lurch ibold : Been playing this game for absolutely years, it's the 1st game I install on every new phone I get. It's the best cure for boardom I have found that doesn't lead to a hangover lol
Centurion : Very noice, but I can't buy premium. I dont know if its only me but, yeah. Other than that, its very good. I see very great potential edit:I GOT PREMIUM. I AM NOW SATISFIED
Damian Gibbons : The game is great exept for a few things such as you cant save you progress without paying money to and the other modes you cant do without paying either
let : have been playing this game ever since 2017-2021,It's truly a masterpiece of a game. My only complaint is how you have to buy premium to play alternative gamemodes. Still don't regret installing this. 4/5
Sarah Ahmad : Very nice game and the graphics are also very good and I have reached checkpoint 8 and good things is that it has no ads when I uninstall this app I think to download it again .
Logan Johnston : Onesime I play this game so many years my life it is fun shoot metal balls at glass get combos it's really fun I enjoyed it five stars just the best I play this game ever since I was five I really love the game not going to lie is the most funnest game ever played my top recommended for my YouTube channel 2 I'm giving this game shout-out with this message
Lactrose : I remember playing this game when i was 9 and i hate this game because i thought it's money hungry becouse you need to buy premium for checkpoints but back then i was a casual and i rage quit and uninstalled, but if your good and want to master this game don't buy premium, i recommend this game
Galaxy Zy.113 : Amazing game! I haven't seen a mobile game as polished as this one so far! The graphics are great, metal balls hitting glass is very entertaining!
Pancake_Pony : I used to play it as a kid, and i loved it. I was good at the game too! But now I can't even play because it keeps on crashing when i try... Please fix this.
Renuka Saluja : In checkpoint 11 , I am stuck at one place which is so irritating because it is very difficult to reach but if we reach there game was stuck.
James Chancey : This game is my favorite. It is so satisfying. Plus, it's great for takeout anger. Install this game if you are stressed or a rage monster. Ps. It get H🅰️RD and the music is sometimes calming.
Jack Stringer : This game was poorly ported to Android, it screws with the device rotation all the time. Also they should have gone with the advertisements business model, for it's not fair to require a payment to recover your progress.
TheHagerboy : One of the first games I got on my original smartphone. Recently rediscovered it and finally beat the game without premium. This is how monitization should be
Asha Ravikumar : This is one of best / time killer games out there. But the checkpoints don't work cuz I don't have premeim. Otherwise it's incredible.
Noah Ivey : this is such a good app I just past checkpoint infinite and I'm so glad even know when I turn the graphics all the way up it doesn't even lag at all thank you so much I'm so proud and glad!!!
Mr.CoffeePrinz : This app is so calming to play despite of its difficulty i really love this game, since i was 8 years old i would play this game non-stop day to night, with my moms phone eventually... And yeah, this game is amazing :). Go download it :)
Joe M : Love the game but when I signed in and bought the premium it didn't register in the game but I was still charged. Now whenever I try to sign back in it says I cant.
James Landers : Great game tests all your cognitive senses and pushes till you pop. And then you do it again. And this is just the demo game.
mango XxDekuXx : I like it but we have to give money to resume! And there are always same level! And the lose of of 10 balls so please fix these things
Jai : Always love the sound of fragile glass shattering into millions of dangerous pieces. Plus I've completed many times and I'm never bored of playing.
Nikhil Jain : This game is pretty good but it's a little boring after sumetime because when you die you can't start from your checkpoint if you don't have premium so you have to do the whole thing again☹
Jonas Drijver : I tried pay for premium twice and it didn't work. Yet they still took my money?????? Uninstalled and re-downloaded still says I don't have premium. How do i get my money back?
Yax Chaudhary : It is a very good game no doubt But i deleted this game just because of checkpoint issue. We can not ise checkpoint for free we have ro take it's full membership. 😩😩
Kailash Sehgal : everytime i play this when i reach at checkpoint 2 the game automatically opens the menu and the game is restarted. Overall the game is good but take care about it
JITS : would've given it a lower rating if i was able. pretty much only one free mode is available, 90% of the other features require you to buy the game.
Rival Games : It is fun but the fact that your going through a course like stage 2 the wall isn't there and once you get past the wall it appears and says lost 10 balls and another problem u have is that after entering something like those opening and closing doors your balls are reset and you only throw one in stead of 3
alex Marshall : Really like this game...pretty straight forward..recommend the pay for version..cheap as chips and worth it...could do with an update.....edit~4th November 2020..Hello y'all in Lockdowntown UK and beyond....straight forward phone based game...try it with the headphones (but REMEMBER those sitting around you will be treated to your "phwarrrrrrrr" + expletives!!) excellent audio...still recommend that you get the paid for version...its great value...stay safe and switch off the TV NOW!!»»»»»»»»»»»
nikhil bagga : like the game's graphics are soooooooo gooooood. like when you play the game it feels like you are in the game and everytime you crash, the sound makes it more real. and when you hit the glass with the ball the sounds. OH MAN!!!!!!!! best game ever. addicted to the game. i reccomend you to download the game, you won't regret it.
Anes Mellahi : I have installed this game a loooong time ago and I Love IT. The music is amazing The sound effects are on pppppoint I suggest to make move UP instead of FORWARD where the gravity starts to disappear.
Rose Aliegence : I liked the concept of smashing the blocks and overally it was a fun casual game, but playing it over a length of time can get pretty boring and the game is very samey But i think its still great if you want a casual game for on the bus
Cody Gardner : This game is so fun I play it almost every day until I lost my phone but I got a new on 2 days ago I'm fine about that.anywaya you can play online and get NO ADS thankfully(thank the Lord ).this is a awesome game u would play it NOW WWW please
Olivia Omes : I love this game! So satisfying and is never interupted by adds! And such a cool backround and has simple rules. In all, great game.
Aye Itz Alicia : Its really awesome and super challenging. Just try your hardest to earn balls by destroying the triangles. I'm on level 4 right now and I just got the game
President N U T : The game looks highly appealing, the physics engine is really good for mobile, and there is all ways something new, the one issue is the fact that this game can stress you out quickly
Rahat Jabeen : this game is so great that is so satisfied game but when I played it I saw that I was not premium but i click on a button and BOOM I have premium I was very excited and I tried it and I had this unknown hack that I through balls and it didn't WASTE THE BALLS I was very very much exited and mess around with the new buttons and that was super awesome and I didn't deleted the game for 4 years and that was great so that was the OK AND I TELL YOU THAT WAS NOT FAKE I'M NOT JOKING IT WAS NOT FAKE
Danika Mesquita : Fun game but hard at times when you get to the higher levels and is some times confusing but fun at the same time and an enjoyable game to play when you have nothing to do.
Jordan Boss : You need premeum to play all of the other games and you cant go back to where you left off with out in meaning you need to restart from the begining.
The D4RK L3GION : Is this game all about money now? Before when i was a kid this game was so much fun because there was more obstacles, you could restart from checkpoints, and all of that. Why are you making the same mistake piano tiles 2 did? Another one of my childhood games gone because of not so smart developers.
Wynnston humphrey-keever : This is the first game I always download when I get a new phone. Turn the environment sounds way down and just listen to the music and rhythm.
DIY Nerd : They only allow you to play in Classic Mode if you don't purchase other modes. Absolutely annoying. They should at least give you a chance to try it before you buy it, otherwise you might not know how it's like, or what to expect.
dollarstore picasso : So after 5 years of since having this game from different devices. I'm happy to say I've Completed All Chapters and unlocked Endless Mode. Thank you Mediocre for bringing memories from my childhood and gifting me new friends who play this game. I hope another title as popular as this is to come from the future.
McKinley Grace : This game is very fun and totally worth getting! One of the funnest games, I've ever played, and almost no adds! I like going in to the credits of the game, and smashing all the names. it is so fun that they did that! awesome game, get it
Kartik .O : This game is like one of the most satisfying games i have ever played. Amazing design, great concept and outstanding graphics. For less size
zester 2000 : Fantastic game! There were no ads as I played and it's pretty therapeutic smashing things. I just had to purchase it so I could pick up from levels. TOTALLY WORTH THE PURCHASE! I GIVE IT ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐
Jeff Speed : This game is so addictive and really gets me at the edge of my seat! Hope there's going to be a sequel to this game! I would really like to see more surreal levels to this action packed game!
Manikanta Abburi : This was and still a legendary game. Hats off to the team especially graphics and sound designers.
Ygnnacui TV : I rate it 3 stars because I was playing it and so far I was at maybe checkpoint 5 and I lost and I had to repeat it all again. That is really upsetting.
Kanashae : This is one of the best games I have ever played. The way the glass breaks is extremely satisfying and the music is great. I can easily say that the game is overall very relaxing.
Lotus * : Its fun and good quality I am on level 5 and its very hard I would love to have a multiplayer choice where you can vs peoples scores and try getting top score against friends other than that AMAZING GAME!🤩
Sethy25 : Very good game. Needs an option to restore purchase. Because I switched to a new phone and I lost my premium.
Hhhh Ggggg : bootiful!!! it's really fun and I play it for two hours or more and my mom calls for me it's to go to the park! and I'm like ... but mom I sat on my phone for 5 mins onlyyyy but anways😂😂this app is really fun and time flies quick! !and so I recommend you install this app oh and the best part that it's free😉
Prithvi Bhat : This is definitely the best game I have ever played i The graphics are just boss and the idea is extremely awesome and when the glad breaks it causes u to just relax It is great and I rarely 5 stars PS(there are 0 adds) that's one of the best parts
Silver Starling : It was amazingly fun and addictive. But good thing I ain't, so that's the only precaution! The graphics and speed are perfect, no glitches here~
xd Chiefy : To say that I love this game is an understatement. I remember having contests with friends from school to see how far we could get. And one of the best parts is that no money is needed to enjoy this game to the fullest. I loved this game growing up and still respect the creators....thank you for making my childhood more entertaining.
Saadat Kitab : The name of your company sure doesn't represent the quality of your games! This game is as close to perfect as it gets, with premium coming at a Mediocre' price tag. However, this game is dormant for almost 2 years now, and I would really like if you could revive your games again.
Insane Insane : Can't get better other than ads... But they also do need an earning for this. Great graphics, great one touch controls and is kind of immersive too...
A. L. : Purchased. Yet still ask me to purchase, if I want to start at a check point. I can't play other modes. I wrote customer support and asked for refund. No response.
Pacian Wagner : This is a really great game! I've had it for years and the experience was always the same. The game is very beautiful, runs smoothly on any device, and I can't stop playing it. Definitely one of my favorite mobile games.
Abubakar Ahmed Khan : I like it very much 😊☺️ but the problem is when I go to the resume restart and menu option I click resume button but it automatically goes to menu 😢 Otherwise it is my one of the most favourite game I have ever played☺️😊♥️♥️
Zen : Loving this for years ever since I was still a college student now that I am already working it still one of my top ones. Everytime I replace my phone I always install this
Aeri Dream Chaser : I love this app. The sound of the shattering glasses are so satisfying. Even though you need to update your account to premium for some access, I still love the app. I don't update mine to premium because I'm contented with the game itself.
dey : It's an amazing superb game. At first I couldn't play it as it is difficult at first but then when I got it I was literally addicted to this game when I played for the first time I made up to checkpoint 1 and now I am in checkpoint... The graphics are just amazing!! So thanks to the team who gave us this game. I give this game more than 5 stars 🌟 cause I love it very much❤❤ Go ahead and enjoy this game it'll be amazing!! I hope I could buy this game but I can't...... 😑😑😒
sreenivasa Rao V : This is a crazy game guys.what a graphical interface it doesn't look like a 58mb game when you play. This gives you fun when you are bored
Ranka Ookami : I have a phone that has minimal space, and this game works 100%!!! it's got no lag, it's very smooth as well. so satisfying too! would definitely recommend! ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐ for smash hit!!!
Schimy Gaerlan : Nice game great timekiller .. some how though could you add more levels and you could put ball effects and ball shapes ... just an idea that i have in mind ..hope you guys could add it..
Devin Siegfried : Nice game. Nice graphics. You'll feel a little dizzy at first when you reach the rotating level. Very nice game though. Not meant for old Android phones, might lag.
Aisha Sayed : I would've given it all five stars, but it is annoying when it askas you to get premium to continue from certain check points. Like I aint gonna sit for a whole other hour just to get to where I was before other than that it is AMAZING and great for when ur mad and wanna break things😁
Matt Nona : Games seems fun at first until you realise you need to pay for checkpoints, otherwise you will be playing from the start which makes it impossible to advance. Don't recommend.
Michael Wright : Great game! Lots of fun! Tons of cool levels and game modes! It is definitely worth the pro version. Played a lot of different mobile games and this game gives so much value for your dollar compared to any other.
ryan bower : Tons of fun. Pause feature could be better, unpauses if I touch anywhere on the screen, not the pause/unpause button.
THE BOYS : You have to pay for everything it's so annoying I couldn't get through anything of the game I don't know why I still play it it's so bad and terrible what do you have to buy everything why
Temwani Mvula : I hate that when you lose you have to start again if you haven't gotten the premium you have to pay to continue like what?? Still a good game though
xtrabad : Very mediocre. It might be fun for a minute but it gets very very boring after a short while. It doesn't have anything particularly interesting in it and from what I've played has hardly any substance. Barely worth a download.
Yameen Mansoor : The game is quite good but if you reach higher levels and then you are out then the game start from the beginning( 1st level). And all your hardwork goes in water..
Santhakumari S : We can't not stop the game. It is very hard to stop the game. If i brake one mirror the other side of the mirror is shaking and it hit on me. After the checkpoint 2 i hate it so I am going to delete it now please change after checkpoint 2
Karim Abbas : This is so fun I got 4 checkpoints and this is cool! This might have create ball and make a price for 6 checkpoints or any checkpoint to unlock any ball in this game! And who loves this game? Maybe everyone!
Fiddles : Great game! Amazing graphics, calm music, increasing difficulty, and continuously changing aspects of the game!
Bishal acharya : This game is awesome in most aspects but i kindda hate to start from level 1 when i die and if i purchase then only i will be able to play from last checkpoint. I think that sucks.
Melanie Gilsdorf : Challenging, beautiful graphics, great noise effects, but shuts down as soon as I hit start (it used to work). So.......ya.
Snek Face : I stumbled across this game finding random others, and it has REALLY nice graphics, and I would totally recommend if you're looking for something satifying. But I guess that wasn't 100% my thing exactly, so maybe a 4.5
Zkull : Really loved the game I considered on buying the full version as well as the pinball game but kind of lost the thought, its kind of poirless having it otherwise but overall it's an amazing game anyway(like most of them).
Botlhale Kruca : It's very satisfying to play when you are bored or someone has done you wrong So it's basically gives you a challenge
A Google user : The game in general is could be pretty addicting but I don't really like how you need to pay to get checkpoints
Yashwanth K : Very good peace game. Different modes, even co-op and multiplayer. It's free to play. It has premium version also. The price is affordable too.
Khushboo Gupta : This is amazing game . This is like a challenge. I really enjoyed the game. We can play it anywhere,any time and the best thing is it is offline
Flying Cheseball : It's an MEDIOCRE game (haha get it) You need to pay for premium, (for which I did, but we will talk about that later) otherwise your stuck with one boring gamemode. I also paid for premium on this account and I deleted this app. I redownloaded it and I don't have it. Rating it 2 because I sent an email to the dev's and they didn't respond in 4 months. Don't buy premium unless you want to get scammed (also restore purchases doesnt work)
8B_17_ Nashra sameen : This was the best game 4 years ago and now I remember this game it's still the best and when you play this game during the travel time you don't even realise the time so the best for timepass and good and best it's simple decent and classic 👍 chefs kiss 😘
Connor Watson : Ive played this game on labtop and mobile this is a really great game!!! All tho it is pretty hard... But thats ok. I recommend this to every one in the hole live world!! If they think it sucks, im sorry. But for me its really fun!! If i could put 30 stars or more,i would. But the max stars is 5 so i would but max stars for ths game. Even tho its really hard some times. Still 5 stars. Thanks so much.
w p : The reason why this is four stars and not five is STARTING FROM CHECKPOINTS SHOULD NOT REQUIRE PREMIUM. I uninstalled and am now crying as I am writing this. Until this is fixed, I AM NEVER PLAYING YOUR GAMES EVER AGAIN!!!
Vengadessin Perumal : I love this game but, I can't continue from other levels, It shows premium. I understand but its boring to start from the first level. Please fix this, and I am sure that everyone will like your app.
Shailaja mudgal : It's an amazinggggg.......... Game it's really superb but many are saying of add I got only 2 or 3 adds in half an hour. If you are not downloading it na it's your world wide mistake 😂 But really it brilliant should download....
Kuhlekonke Kwanele : Best game ever relesse stress keeps your mind focused at all times and the music playing in the background is phenomenal it just adds to that enjoyness you having during playing
Samantha McLaren : It's a fun game that requires skill but it gets hard and or boring fast unless you buy the 7 add-ons it like they made an awesome game then tried to milk all the money out of you
Zee Xtor : This game is GREAT. Perfect for a short wait- OR a long game. I love this game so much. Doesnt matter if your a strategic thinker, min-maxer, or litteraly just wanna break some stuff; this game is made for all types of people.
Sweety Ratner : The reason I give 4 Stars is. There 2 reasons. 1. This game is hard little bit. 2. You lost 10 balls each crash.
Rudram Dave : The game is best and the clarity is also best . The music and the sound effects makes the game more attractive.
Esteban Mendez : This game is legendary it's relaxing not really all that frustrating it is very hard but will more like at the middle than at the end but still this game is great I love it
yeet25_1 : It's really fun and entertaining but you do have to pay to play from check points and alternative game modes but it's pretty cheap
Liyana Changule : The levels in the game become even more difficult. If you're looking for a challenging yet fun game... Smah hit is the one
Zoha Afreen Ahmed : This is an amazing 👏 game I love it and it's very addictive which is a good thing for me And a special thanks to makers for not including ads in it 🙂
V Sreepranavaa IX-C : Very nice game when you dont have power/wifi in your home . Graphics are nice and the very disappointable thing is there is some light lagging problem in my tablet. I request you to please solve this bug and I will give it a five star rating .. अच्छा ऐप ..
Sycon Tech : This is one of the most incredible offline game that I've ever played. The graphics are super awesome and good response. I would recommend that you should play this game once, it will give u an extraordinary feeling and may cool your mind. Well, please check out my yt channel Sycon Gaming
Vandana Shankar : I love this game it is soo fun and I feel like I can play it for hours but the stages do get a bit hard though but I can't complain for the levels being hard because well that's the whole point of it but my overall experience is a 5 star
Karan Kathuria : The game is good no doubt but I bought premium and paid INR 124 within app via UPI to start from checkpoint 2. But my premium didn't get activated even though it charged from my bank account. Still asks me to get premium and starts the game from the beginning everytime I'm out of balls. Please rectify and update my version to premium.
danny bounous : Very good game played it a long time ago, downloading it again. Keep improving. I'm back again downloading it but I will buy premium. :) (thanks for reading!)
L : It's a fun game. I like the sound of glass breaking. Challenging and exciting although you have to pay to get other game options
Ricardo Garcia : The game is ok but it gets really repetitive after a while also i don't like that they have a premium thing i think it would be better if they gain there money souly from ads
Lwazi Mabogoane : This is an all time favorite game if mine. I made sure to purchase the premium version so I never have to start from the beginning. I actually learned a new word, playing this game "ethereal"
Simon Davis : Great game, my only reservation is, even though I've paid, and linked my google account, the game starts from scratch on each launch, rather annoying.
Elizabeth afton : I've played this game since I was 5-6 it's the best game I've ever played it's good and challenging for all ages and not just me saying that my dad mom and brother all play this game it's so relaxing sadly I cant buy premium because my phones broken but my dad has it and i highly recommend it to everyone and it's very cheap so it's easy to purchase with a wonderful result
Pudding : Smashit is a game I come back to often... It's very fun to play and it calms me down. My favourite part of the game is that I can mute it and play my own music and it's a very....almost therapeutic experience. That's all I have to say about the game... The day I'm writting this review I went through all my older reviews and it was such a fun experience so I decided to write one for a game I keep coming back to. I hope I see this in the future and remember what I was thinking when writting this.
Cavanşir Gadimov : Tbh i love this game i played it many times when my internet was gone. I didnt play for a long time deleted downloaded over and over again but yeah...
zahari murdzhev : Great game. Downloaded it years ago and it's still improving in graphics to this day. Great developers clearly
Venkatesh Gadasala : I give 4 stars this game is amazing and I thought that we had to play which we are not boring🥰💯💯💯 but I'll give 4 stars because of that I have think about it and I know it's just not have you ever been to the same person so who are playing this
Michael Brillante : I like this game at first but after I died, this game needs a premium version of this to get in the checkpoint immediately after you die. I think, it is not the game that I will spend my money to buy premium version of this. This is just a simple game hitting triangle freak and breaking obstacles or otherwise. There are many INTERESTING, FREE and more COMPLEX games than this scam game...
Nikola Andov : its ok.but its also garbage,the reason i hate thid is because its too addictive.level 10 is just bongers and its just impossible graphics are very nice and i really like the idea,its very bad but also very good
PA.ArpitDas X-C,25 : This game is really OP for me because the glass breaking sound 🔊is really satisfying for me and this also is not an online game. It is best for childre
Donskie Iray : It's a great game after all. Even though I deleted this and haven't played it for 2 years it was still amazing and mesmerizing. Great Job Developer.
DEJA DE CONTROLAR MI CUENTA : Classic, no ads, great app to pass time, cheap in-game purchases with good benefits, recomended to everyone.
Kaine Mcintosh : Awesome. I love the game. Great time killer. Only a 1.99 for full game. But the base game is just enough for me. It can be really challenging at time but I can see this being a game for any1
Genny Evans : This is a fun game I love to play this there are so many levels with great graphics And no ads.
Souksavanh Detvongsa : Ok, so I got the game and later it after some games it put me into random levels and infinite 2 times then put me back to level 4 and back to 2 infinite levels again!?? WHAT...
Amrutha modekurthI : I totally love this game! Right from the sound effects to the graphics. I was an addict of this game in childhood and so am I now as well! Kudos to the game creators! ♡
It'z Me ACGV : The best breaking game. No ads, smooth gameplay, easy to understand. It's just good!
Cornelius Adeniyi : Played the game for five years and still love it. I wish it had new levels and was harder.
Aaron Thomas Varghese : There something special in this game Yep the grafics is such a good that let us involve. The game will let flow of time that doesn't make bore. This game is useful to those who simply do nothing. Like me
Joshua Williams : Its an Og game and love it just wish I didn't have to pay money so I can restart a level after accidentally tapping it in the pause menu
Kaelo Monametsi : Remove premium. This game must be free U guys are greedy This game would've been the best but most of the people I know removed this game from their phones because of payment of premium version
Francesca Ferriggi : It's a nice game, relaxing, no ads and no subription for premium, I recommend this game for anyone that is looking for the perfect game
MAAN _ : I purshased premium from them then I deleted the game and now my my preminium is vanished even I tried connecting it to google play I want to contact the developer our single penny is hard to earn kindly reply .. I have screenshots and all the details kindly contact me
Becky Maldonado : This is my favorite game I play every single day I love the way gets more challenging along the way and it's just so fun to ... Smash Hit
Adithya r Menon : It's a very good game for time pass.No ads are seen in this app. An amazing and a different game from others. And the best target game I ever played
Milles Windermere : Playing on a smartphone it is starting to get better. It is a struggle. "Determined"
Dias Azhar Pradana : i purchased for premium feature TWICE!! but still my app not upgraded.. first purchase i thought it was failed because my network connection failure. then i pay for second time, but still my game not upgraded.. please follow up this issue
Thirdie's Aviation : Good game, very fun, very nice, and very Satisfying to break glass, but I just wish to have a level editor to make custom levels and share them :3 so please add it to the game and it should be for free
Jukebox : Very relaxing and calming. A hot summer classic for me. Even the premium is worth it as it offers fun modes
Beejcast TV : I love this game no ads and good graphics but maybe your asking why did i rate it 3 only? Because you need to but premium and you will lose all your progress after hours of playing thats why
Otman Safi : for the idea yes its good and the graphics is also great but for the gameplay its doesn't have something special sooooo... didn't like it a lot
Alan Trivller : I really liked the game although I wish you didn't have to buy premium to use the other modes but everything else is fine i reallymenjoyed the game.
Utsav Bhatnagar : Premium version only appears after clicking restore purchase button. Apart from this bug gameplay experience is very nice.
SuperBlue 222 : At the beginning it is quite slow and some parts are REALLY hard to get past and then afterwards when you Finish you need to buy premium to continue from the checkpoint you unlocked
Sai Satyaprakash : This game is incredible and thrilling. Keeps you at the edge all the time. The reason why i've given it 4 stars is cuz once u know how to hang around u can complete this game multiple times wothout much help.
Seth Bunton : Paid for premium and didn't get any perks all modes are still locked and can't start at a check point
Jaderick Johnson : This is a awesome game of my experience is great in this game I love this game and it's so fun to play You get to do everything you couldn't do when you was a little kid you get the break glass and all that and breaking glasses so so so so fun I will get this game 100 percent cuz it is a great game and whoever invented this game to be rewarded for anything this game if a lot of fun in my niece and nephew love to play it every time they come to my house they asked to play this game and they alway
Aroush Fatima : This is an AMAZING GAME like it's so fun and hard at the same time plus NO ADS and no glitches like come on you HAVE. To install it
Derek Moore : Purchased the game. Is it purchase per device? If I want to use it on my phone in addition to my tablet do I have to purchase again? Seems like that's the case. Not pleased.
CRX 1stGEN : Checkpoints requires getting the premium version, as a result it gets repetitive quick.
Anubis Reincarnated : this game is so peng whoever says else is just a random hater trust me this game is one the perfect arcade game *yes you won't like it if you're not into arcade but for arcade it's a banger*
TOXIC YT : This definitely a 5 star but there is so many options locked and only accessible after we get premium Haizz it's better game for the riches
Joshua Mota : The game is overall fun but it's dumb that you have to buy premium to go to your last checkpoint.
gaming aviation & big paintball with anas and malek : It's really realistic and I love smashing and you guys made my day But the bad thing it's because respawning in checkpoints require premium and the game modes need premium too
Kristopher Mendoza : This is a very great game the graphics are amazing and the detail is noice and also the backround is awesome and no ads
10aicious10 : It is a good game the fact you go back to the start may be frustrating but it makes it more challenging and thrilling, the people reviewing the game needs to think deeply before giving this a bad review. Addicting game Best offline game for killing time 👍👍👍
Shubham Jain : Its a great game but the only problem is that is has only one map. I am playing it from past 4 years and seriously guys I am bored with the same map. You need make changes is the map time to time so that it's not boring for anybody
Bonnie Masterson : This game is awesome and fun i cannot stop playing somtimes i unstall the game but usually end redownloading the game a day or two later great game it was worth the hour of downloading but the thing i do not like is that i bought premium and deleted it then the next time i downloaded it i had to repurchase it.😡😡😡😫😫😫
Favour godfrey : This game is very good, it feels as if I'm in the game. I love the graphics and how it just bends, change color and so on keep it up👍👍 but although it does seem lonely in the game which is so creepy 🤡🤡👿😈
Sabrina Velasquez : This game keeps you on your toes. I just love the levels as you keep blasting them balls and stay alive the levels get challenging. Lots of fun and addicting
General Lissimo : Soothing music, challenging, very intuitive and captivating. Great job
Padma Hanabe : Yooo This game is soo sick 🔥 I play this game for timepass and its really good 👍 once I went so far and started tilting upside down the game graphics and sound effects are next level😎 I give this game a 5 STAR 🌟
Up downer : I played for years and yes the premium ads are annoying but it's how they make money on a free game it can be frustrating but we deal with it so keep up the good work mediocre
Cory Bacter : This is one of the best mobile games I've ever played. It's simultaneously calming yet frustrating, relaxing yet intense. Every experience I've had in this game was great, and overall I loved it.
Ziyan Darrel Ghaizan : the feeling when you remember a really good game from your childhood and cant remember the name of the game is really horrible so instead of sleeping you just randomly scroll on google play store and thank god i found this im gonna play this tomorrow
P AKMAL KHAN : This game is very good and fun but thing is that if you die you can't start over that checkpoint you just died Luckily I've got premium so i can start over the checkpoint i died in
Ezy Page : This is a great game and all but it's so annoying when get really far and you can't use checkpoints I mean what the point of check points then if you can't use them without stupid premium
Jo Jensen : I have to say it: Smash Hit is a smashing good time! Great way to take out your frustrations. The only thing I'm uncertain about is the levels. I made it past Wizard, but now it says Mediocre. Either that's good, because it's the program name, or I've started to do very badly. So am I doing well, badly, or am I just mediocre? You know what? I'm going back to smash some stuff.
Mohamed Ahmed marwan : This game is so relaxing and amazing I recommend you installing it,but there is one problem....why can't we restart from checkpoints,it tells you to buy the premium thing but like why!?it's still an amazing game so I recommend installing it.
Andrew Carr : Fantastic gameplay, both relaxing and engaging. The music and sound effects were my favorite part.
डॉ. शफ़ीक़ अब्दुल : This game is so cool that I can break as many glasses as I want. my brother and l like this game so much this game is downloaded in my tab and my father's iPad I downloaded this game yesterday. But I don't know how to pass a checkpoint 3 but this game is awesome😃😄😙😗😘😍😀😎💖💗💕
Sarah : Paid the $1.99 for "premium" and it's still telling me I have to pay it. Try to pay it and it says I already own it. Was charged for it but don't have it. Reporting to card company.
FrOsT Beauvais : Really fun game graphics are as smooth as water and the physics are amazing. Only thing I would like to change is how it xplains how to play every time
Lakshay boss Gaming yt : This game is fun to play but the thing is that we need premium version to start from checkpoint i played it in my childhood but now it is not that fun
It's Me : Great time killer, really addicting, and just awesome in general. This game is not laggy, there's no ads interrupting, and just a great experience in general.
masood hussain : Best game to keep yourself engaged when having som free time. The most beautiful thing about it being ad free.
Crismarie Neale : Good game but it it does not make sense so times. Example:I hit the glass and it still takes my balls
J.S. K : Relaxing and you get to break stuff!!! An excellent game that is easy and it has wonderful sound effects. Highly recommend.
Creeper King : Best game I've ever played. Doesn't require wifi, takes up no space and it's fun and challenging
Amit Gaurav : Awesome game with great graphics with sound. But the only problem is that the game starts with beginning once you loose the game.
Jonathan Arroyo : I also remember playing this game like 6 years ago and it was fun but now that I come back to it I find it relaxing and it's amazing quality!
Aaron Boswell : Used to be one of my favorite games. Now that you have to pay for everything except basic mode I've dropped two stars
R_D : I like the game, it has potential. The only problem I saw is that you have to buy premium to enjoy the full game. I guess you could play it even without buying the premium but I think you'll get bored of the game because of its repetitiveness
cosmic : Used to be sooo fun when there was no premium cuz when i played this in 2015/2016 i found it really fun cuz if u had a save u didnt have to buy a stupid premium just to keep ur safe put when premium came i deleted it cuz i had to buy premium just to keep my safe.-.
Ryan Sood : It is so satisfying 😍 love it but it is not multiplayer if it will be multiplayer I'd love it and we should be race with our friends and it will be super fun. More more games like that.
Guadalupe Miranda : Hate it, why is there only one free game mode. That free game mode is classic. There should be at the least 2-3 free game modes. *sighs* I'll just have to find a better game to play. 😧😑😒
Lexon - If I : Its very good, but its only one free game mode, and you need to pay for other ones, at least give an opportunity to watch a video to unlock for a match
Party Jack : Excellent, great graphics, great gameplay, not too hard, not too easy. Whating for "Smash Hit²" or update.
Icedude 907 : Near perfect all these years later. Considering the game is no longer updated, slight nitpicks like losing powerups if the game is relaunched will not be patched.
Elite : Game is awesome, but its disgusting to me that you literally have to pay to progress. I've "beaten" the game multiple times, but can never move forward because I have to buy it
Oliwia Czaja : It's good but you need premium for some things and it's kinda anoying If you get bored of the map you have to pay to get a new one. But very satisfying game
216 : This has got to be the most classic app ever. Very enjoyable to grind, great quality, very smooth, and premium is worth the money. Don't really have anything else to say.
KUDOM Junior : This game is awesome. Evvything in this game is perfect. But the reason why I gave them 4stars was that,if you wanna go into premium,you will have to pay some money. That's not fair at all. But then apart from that everything about this game is perfect. Good Mediocre👍👍
unknown : It's a good game but what the hell?? U need to get premium to start at the checkpoint you desire! Most people will probably agree with me because that is stupidly ANNOYING!! And even if you want to go on different modes, u have to pay -.-
Stephen Munday : This game has 'GOT IT'...great flow to the game...easy to see targets.... nice balance.... starting levels understand the player missing the targets but do your best in - not hitting a target. Yer really good game.. well done Smash Hit.
tiny tiger : I love this game so much, I've downloaded it Manny times for a long car ride. After a lil while it got boring tho, I'd get to endless every play and it'd just feel pointless. But I loved it for the time it was fun
V V Vance : Probably the most intersting game i have played. Until i realized they ask for money to start from where i ran out of balls. Too bad. I would gladly waste time on a game like this- if they appriciated my time as much as me.. Later.
WillzVR : This app is amazing for relaxation. My anxiety is forgotten then, the background music is amazing and NO ADS! Love the app, keep it up
Pallavi Kapoor : overall this game is super fun but when you are out of balls you have to buy something to resume the game from there only and if not you have to start the game again from the starting...... but otherwise it is quite good👏👏👍👍
Lisa Hunt : I paid 1.99 to not have to restart the game from the beginning, but to continue to play where I left off and it keeps starting me from the beginning after I passed a lot of levels!
Adriel Santos : PREMIUM HELP! It's a great game and I'd like so much to buy the premium feature, but I can't sign-in with my Play Game or buy the premium feature (it just keeps loading eternally). Could anyone please help me? My internet is OK, I checked it.
Poor Keyboard Racer : Absolute stunning graphics, cool, funky music, awesome physics. A great game for whiling away the time. Loved it!
A Google user : It is nice not all but everytime we have to loose the game only because of balls and after that we are going always suddenly we loose ten balls because of glasses and one more things always we have to.resart from the beginning the level from which we are we can't start also we have purchase it so that thing is the worst about it
ibtastico : Overall a great game. Great concept. Great design. Great satisfaction from playing. Quite tricky nearing the end and some annoying stuff. U should get this if u r skilled at mobile games. Nuff said.
hannah lucas : Well this game is absolutely amazing, cause you can imagine that you're throwing marbles at space, I wish that the premium was free so that I can reload it to my check point😆😅... I rated this app 5-stars cause this game is so entertaining, even my brothers love it.. Thank you for making this app💜
Harkiner : One of the best hitting, offline games, I have ever played. One thing is it gets so hard once you get higher and higher and I just keep losing. But still very fun game and interesting 😉
Simp : I love this game so much just one thing that's wrong with it you have to be a prime customer and I was on the 3check point I would love to get to check piont 4 but you have to PAY! ATTENTION PART OF THE GAME IS NOT FREE!!
aymen cherif : This game is satisfying to the bones. Though, it needs to be updated to support bigger screens like the new huawei phone screens for instance.
Macristina Aninag : The Animation is Awsome!! Especially the Balls! I wanna know if the game would ever end because its so hard and long but its ok if its difficult.
Mongrel Shark : Awesome game. No Ads in free version. No micro transactions. Just a good fun game with no bs. I purchased full version the day after installation for more levels and to support awesome game makers.
Usha Gupta : I love this game . When i play this game i feel comfortable but there is a big problem when you lost your last ball you have to start again from the beginning and in that time i feel very angry .... because if you have no premium then you have to start from beginning....😟
Jordan Martin : I feel like you shouldn't have to puy to go from checkpoints I feel like people could pay for better features not checkpoints because people are gonna get frustrated in the game and end up deleting the game so I'm gonna delete the game now and redownload it when there is an update and I can continue from the checkpoints
Sunny Kumar : Initially it's difficult to sing in. After that , I didn't understand what to do. I selected classic mode then every mode requires payment to acess it.. In short it is totally a paid and useless game 👎👎👎👎
Waseemah Harris : It's really a great game. Graphic are great. Very satisfying and helps to relax. Only reason I didn't give it a 5 star is because of checkpoints. I think they should be free.
Destyne Madison : I really like this game it is relaxing and it helps me calm down but the down side is when you have to hit the circles to open the door i have to throw quit a bit balls but other then that it's a very relaxing game. Hope this is helpful
Cherry Enjoyer : Epic, the visuals are absolutely stunning, the game runs very smooth, and the music for the levels is gorgeous, 20/20 would rate again.
Asm Mizan : One of the best relaxing games I've ever played. Don't get me wrong when I say relaxing. It's a fund game as well. Only downside is that, 80% of the fun you get to have when you purchase it. Doesn't cost much and worth it.
Luvisha Jhurreea : It's a fun game But whenever i download the google play games which every time it indicates me to do and when i download it nothing happens even if i click in the leadearboards or achivements even if while playing its says both has been unlock ! But you cannot do mission or continue from other stages you have to go through the stage 1 it's mandatory !
Lily Jacob-Duke : This game needs an update. It is still the same hit glass run as before. Update the game, add new levels, a new design, different balls and it could be better for players.
Chris Petyan : Cool as shik, No Ads! played the free version beautifully fluid travel nothing else like it Loved it! got the full version, even better, did i mention No Ads!! Thanks, Chris
Family Tube : Is very fun with loads of level and new stuff to SMASH!!! The only thing I dont like is how you need premium to go to checkpoints and you need to start all the way from the start.
Aidyn Fahie : Very fun but you h ave to pay to save checkpoints or even use other game modes but i did find a way to lose all your balls and still goon you just use an unlimited and find another crystal.
David Soundy : Looks good, plays well but you can't be serious to save the game we need to pay! So I guess if you like playing the same tutorial over and over this is the game for you! All about greed?
notxmelissa : Absolutely AMAZING! Feels like you're in a 3D movie I swear it's the best game I've ever played, the only sad thing is that you have to buy premium to continue from checkpoints. Otherwise 10/10
Jamil Akhtar : Friends never ever play this game ,is really addictive ,so play at your own risk.This is beast and best at its own.I really like this game .But one thing is really disappointing me that we need to purchase the next levels.So please stop this .So please stop this , this is disappointing because many people really love and die hard fan for this game ,but they don't have the money to afford the next level as they are poor , so they stop playing and crying hard😭, so please stop this .
Zach Mcewen : This game is fun but the endless mode lacks crystals. I would appreciate it if you added a few more in the endless mode of the game.
Plushtrap504 : I agree that the game kinda sucks on the level that you need to pay premium to get back to your checkpoint. It is a little bit inconvenient to be playing and it ask me to pay for my progress. I am not a happy bunny. 😡😡😡
Joma San Jose : An app that can remove your stress and feel relaxed after you played. I really love the glass breaking sound.
O. A. : Really relaxing in a very weird way and helps to relieve the stress, but still challenging enough to make me want to actually put effort into playing it.
josephomar3 : I played this a long time agow and I finely down it agen but it's hard and if you click menus on exident you loos all your progress its hapen more Times then I can think so can you fix that and thank you for all the memory
Al-Aziz Ejaz : I loved this game till I got to stage-11. No matter how hard I try and for how long I play I still can't advance. I even bought premium so that I could restart but I still couldn't do it and after sometime I rage quit and am leaving a 2 star rating to the game because of the difficulty.
LifewithA : i hate when u have to restart all the way over and to start from ur checkpoint u have to buy premium i think that just stupid if u have to but premium to go to ur starting point i think it should be free and so far the game is good that the only thing i hate about it. (p.s i hate it when u work so hard for the checkpoint the u have restart thw whole thing it like a waste of time on a fun game 1/10 wouldn't recommend😕
Erik Chartier : Would be awesome if I could play offline and without spending money. The only way to play from checkpoints is to pay for premium services. Will be deleting very soon.
HBW6 : I finally made to infinity level with no premium but to get infinity level you must not destroy the glass when they are not in your way, you must destroy them IF they are in your way. By the way it's very satisfying and relaxing it should be recommended to EVERYONE!
Abhinav Pal : smooth and excellent graphics 👌with a tough and challenging gameplay,the problem is without the pro version your checkpoint level restarts from 1 when you lose.
A Google user : its amazing just focus and relax now they my stage 10 I am just going to clear but I have a request to company why do you put a new feature that the gamers who are playing the game they can save their account . sometimes it happens that the game is deleted for free memory so the stage that the gamers have earned like
PATRIC ALDERMAN : I really very much like this game but if you die you have to start over or pay a monthly fee, I say if you want more people to enjoy this game don't make them pay for it. For this it just dosen't make sense to let them pay for it because in order to save your progress you have to pay that just dosen't seem right for this particular game.
Easy Peasy Gaming FOX COMMANDER : THIS THE COOLEST GAME EVER!!!! there are a lot of new levels! And cool new maps you have to buy. But it's ok! This game is soo cool! A loot of fun maps multiplayer side to Side! And more! This game is cool! Thanks! 😊😊😊🎮🎮🎮😎😎😎
abhishek gundlapalli : A few years back I played, at that time they didn't asked to pay for premiunm. Now they are asking to pay premiunm to continue from the losed level otherwise we need to start from starting level... totally disappointed...😬😬
葉秀蓮 : I think this game is good, but bad at the same time. The people who made this should certainly fix this . Why does premium get checkpoints! they shouldve just got non premium people checkpoints and, premium people gets to go where they last were. its a good game and all but you need to change it. Its REALLY MAKING ME RAGE!
DHRUV Jain : very nice game 👍👍👍👍👍 but there only 11checkpoints, after that there is only infinity mode in which same stages keep on coming so after completing 11checkpoints its boring they should discover more new checkpoints so that we would have more fun and enjoyment in playing
Aditya Raysamant : should remove that premium thing....for continuing the game from save....game is great....and premium should be there but still we should have the facility to continue the game from where we left it...i really am total disappointed about it...i hope it gets change in future...
Sara Maze : Enjoying the action, wanting more, maybe faint polar grid lines for accuracy with shot tracers, maybe a 5 sec redux feature, maybe I'm playing this too much.
HypnoKnowsMercy : This game is kinda trash like you need to pay premium if you want to continue in checkpoints otherwise you'll have to start all the way back at the beginning but besides that it's an okay game.
Meister : One of, if not the best mobile games I've ever played. Unlike most mobile games it's not littered with ads, and the game is simple but very fun. It's free and if you like it buy the premium!
Adam : I love this game but honestly if you get to the last level and if you dont have the oremium and you dont have anymore balls then you have to start all over again so please add some sort of save for the levels you completed
debug : The new version says 64-bit comparability, but it crashes on my phone carrying Snapdragon 660 (64-bit). I like this game and i want to play it in my new phone, please solve the problem.
Julissa Diaz : Love the game itself it is so awesome I can go for hours playing this game for his one of the best game that I haven't play when it comes to speed time distance and most of all reflection I give it a five-star and two thumbs up to me!!!!
Karim : Well good game. I used to install this game when i got my new phones. But it gets boring. Like I was playing this game since I was 6-7 I always clicked on check point but never worked. But then I realized that you need premium for checkpoints.
Guybrush Threepwood : Fantastic! Entertaining, awesome mechanics, and cool sound design make it my new favourite. The VS and hard mode are my favourite! Definitly worth a download.
Chloe Elder : Smash Hit is a really fun game. I got a lot of my friends into it, its fun when you see them first try and fail😂 yes the game can be a little hard but it is one of my favourite games so far
JEROHAM CHIANU : very nice app...its simple but very addictive..each checkpoint having its unique obstacles..I'll definitely recommend it...no glitches and no annoying ads
Vasuki Bharadwaj R NVN B531 : This game is very hard to play but I went to the endless mode and it was boring.The good things the graphics or the animation but I always wanted to see the endings of the game It is very very tough at 10 levelof the game but I finally crossed this level.This is the best game ever I have played.Thank you to creators of this game
Suraj Sharma : I absolutely love this game. it's graphics, gameplay, controls are amazing. The difficulties of this game is also super duper. i just simply loved it❤❤😊
Overlooked Ban : Fun, but takes a while to get to higher levels. And once you reach endless mode, it gets boring.
Wesley Davis : One of my all time favorite games on mobile! A true masterpiece that is addicting yet requires quick reflexes and extreme focus. If I could give more than 5 stars I would 👍
Naomi Flores : I really like this game but I actually paid for premium so I can go to my check point but it said that i had to pay even though I already did. I didnt like the idea of having to pay but U hate startin all kver but thats the only issue i actually have Sorry if this makes no sense.
Darshan Gayake : Super Awesome Phenomenal.. Why this game is not there on Quest 2?? (I own it on Go 😉) Super awesome. Request to add low difficulty mode for those who look for stress buster fun ride.
Maryam Mohammed : I have played and loved this game when I was 4 years and now I am 10 years and still love this game. And I wish to play more levels without premiums. So can you please make more levels with out premiums and paying money? ❤️
Shiva Kumar : it is an amazing time killing game and i am now in infinity mode. I like the infinity mode. It is combination of all the checkpoints.
Ramesh Ramesh : It was an a great offline game in my experience.It is soo so toff but I come to checkpoint 7 to 8.But more subscribes come last atleast first.I like it more and more . It’s a superb game in offline . it's a best best opportunities in games...
ma.lourdes nabors : I would like to give a 5 stars but i always comesback to finish everytime i come run out of balls.. i need to buy premium just to continue where i already finish.. why?? Why? It supposedly to less my stress but because of that starting to the beggining makes me sooo upset
K D : It's rare that I find a game that l like playing for both short refreshing bursts but also for longer break . IMO The music enhances the game a lot .
Tkfilms 64 : Mediocre? uh, more like AMAZING! This is one of the best games that I've ever played. Its great for on the go. Also, thank you sooo much for multiplayer. this is one of the few great games that has multiplayer. I wish I could rate it 7 out of 5.
MANOJ MC : Good game but it's asking too much from its customers don't see it having good profits or any updates as there's isn't anything they can update coz I don't think anyone would keep this game in their mobile after playing to for some times and getting frustrated as you will start again from the start and eventually uninstall it..... Certainly a big ask for this kinda game... Can't but it
Mewow : I love it . This is very under rated game which should be way more popular.it has AMAZING Graphics and just so addictive .if I could ,I would rate it 10/10 stars .even though you have to pay for some of the additions I still love and really do recommend it.5/5 stars.
Madian Madian : This game is so cool and the music some how makes me relax. It is kinda disappointing that you have to go from the beginning every time you lose but it still makes an awesome game . Go install it right now.👍👍👍👍👍😄😄😄😄😄😄😄
Menika Singh : Best relaxing game. The sound of glass breaking is just like we are breaking a glass in real life. Best part is that there are many checkpoints.
June Ferguson : When you finish your last ball you have to start again from the beginning,which sucks as you have to pay premium if you want to carry on from where you last ran out of balls. So I brought premium only for it not work and still asks me to upgrade! Disappointed and money wasted
Logan Alexander : Normal mode is lots of fun & zen mode is so soothing!! Only thing that could improve this game imo is haptic feedback/vibration when the ball crashes or bounces :)
Kusuma M : Got an Amazing experience while I use to play this game. I still remember when I was first played this game in my friends mobile....like to activate my relaxation mode and sleep on my bed and listen songs with a high volume in earphones while playing this game was really a wonderful experience..thx devp..!
David Andersen : It used to be a favorite. In May of 2019 they did a 64 bit compatability update and now it crashes and freezes my android phone, an LG G7. Thanks for killing it!
Shane Wright : The sound of the breaking glass takes me back to when i was a young kid going around smashing as many windows as i could get away with..you name it house windows , car windows, phone booths, it didnt matter back then..oh to be a kid again ..thanks smash hit you really brought back some good memories..
jillah begum : I dislike the fact that I am required to pay for a premium package just to continue playing from where I left off on the game. This is ridiculous as this other games do not ask for such purchases for small things, please improve this matter!
A Google user : This game is very addictive and honestly, very aesthetically pleasing. The sound of the glass breaking and the the graphics are very good 😀
dzony66 : Great game. You must purchase the premium version to resume from checkpoints, which is totally legit from my point of view. This developers should get paid.
Ayeshwara Memon : I love this game.. But, the problem is, I can't continue from checkpoint where there are no balls left with me.. I wanna continue it but, pleaseeee remove the premium.. If it is updated, I'll rate it 5 stars⭐ Thank u!
A Google user : This game is so fun to play. It makes you think on how you are going to use your items before running out and makes you want to beat your score. The graphics are amazing and I would 100% recomend downloading this game.
David Giles : pretty intense. disappointed you cannot start from a saved checkpoint without having to upgrade to premium.
Deb Bucy : In just minutes of play it wants you to pay. If you dont, it drags you back to start and restarts course while obstructing your vision. Oh well. Looked fun but uninstalled in10 minutes.
TTV_ Sodapop1390 : I like the music in this game along with the glass brakeing I bought the premium video and not bad for only 1,99 really cheap and cool now I can go on local coop or 1v1 if this game gets a new game mode where you can play online I would buy it instantly ♥
Josh Rider : This is a very good game but, in order to load your save game (checkpoint) you need premium so which means that say I go to bed and am excited to play in the mornin', I have to freaking pay to start from where I was, so this means its a pay-to-win game.
gopinath srinivasan : soooo good but the part when you lose if you don't have a membership or something you have to restart... but you cannot change everything in life soo I love this game and hats off to the creator of this game
Dustin Breeden : This game, though well designed, got old pretty quick. (Meaning, I played it for 10 minutes, and knew it was boring so I deleted it.) No offense. It looks quite good graphically, and the controls are easy to learn, but it's not my cup of tea...
64 Tejaswita Jha IV B : My sister has played his game and I also. I love this game but after unlocking the check points and if you want to play from any check point, it tells to buy the premium version of this game. please try to not show the pemium version message.
Raushanah Muhammad : Very smooth game, and the graphics are incredible!! There aren't any ads when I play, that's my favorite part!!
Marcus Blackwell : Guys, I just love this game SOOOO MUCH!!! I can't imagine how much time and effort was put into this masterpiece but I really approve. I only have one gripe... I'd like it to where you don't have to be premium to start at checkpoints
UncertifiedLoaf : Amazing game. You don't need the premium to enjoy the game. Why am I giving this 4 stars? Because I got stuck. Literally, I am stuck in one spot. The camera stopped scrolling. Please fix this glitch.
Angela Tucker : This is a very fun and challenging game. I would like to see more glass hits to get the points when the levels of the game gets harder as you go.
SIRIPURAPU SANTOSHI : It is waste of time everything it will ask premium.for checkpoints also,when we lost the game checkpoints will save to start from it we have to do premium.it is waste of time don't install it.
The Crimson Sleeper : Concept is nice. But it just pops up instant damage walls last moment with no warning. Like the fact that you di not need to smash everything.
Earl Hicks : Simple yet elegant. I find myself indulged in the beauty of the maps as well as the lighting and colors of the scenery.
Smiley : Ok soo here's the problem...wenever I reach a checkpoint then I fail it will not work I mean you need a premium?? I thought the checkpoint will help me but did nothing you need to get premium soo you can have checkpoints! whats the use of the checkpoint if that we cant even use it!! 😑😕
《Gesy Potato》 : This is a good game for stress relief but if someone made it very far and ended up losing all the balls or dying and wanna retry you have to be premium and do all over again and that's not good for business
Adalida Dunklin : It's so fun and the ice looks like crystals and it's so fun I can't stop playing it and I barely eat playing it and I barely go outside because I love it so much and entertains me on rainy days and it keeps me from getting mad for my baby sister I'm on a phone almost every day playing this game sometimes I go outside running my bike for 2 minutes or I'll play the game for 24/7 so much fun it is to me and if I lose my phone and it deletes it that's when I'll get a new phone and get it.
Lakshika Goyal : A very nice game..worth downloading ..although it requires a lot of concentation to play this game but its relaxing..Only one suggestion to enable checkpoints and cloud save feature for non premium players.
Justus Funk : Amazing. Gameplay builds up and is unique, cool soundtrack, and overall exciting experience. I recommend this to anyone.
GaLaXy : Love this game! Really enjoy graphics and good quality the music in the back is soothing and the exitement of going to the next stage makes feel so accomplished
A Google user : very good graphics. just that premium is required to start from saved checkpoint. that had been the only hole in the otherwise great and addictive game
priya : This is a seriously underrated game. I really enjoy the calming music and the sharp clatter of glass is also surprisingly soothing. It's highly addictive and I constantly want to break my high score. Great design overall!
Oluchi Njoku : This is one of the most terrible games I've played on the the app store. Sure, the is very high quality but as you get further into the game, it gets faster and harder to hit the glass. Not to mention that all the creator of this game wants is money because the main base of the game is to buy premium to do more stuff is such waste of people's time, this is a low effort, cash grab game and you cannot change my mind about that. PLEASE DO NOT GET THIS GAME!
Graham Moss : Easy to pick up, addictive, fun but hard to master. Varying challenges to 'break' through keep this game interesting.
user : Lovely graphics. This is made by the same people that made Teardown for PC - open world destruction game. The only gripe I have with this game is that checkpoints don't save.
Subrat Nayak class 7th-8th : In love with this amazing game.. my all time favorite- smash hit.. but I do have some complains like the game should be updated regularly because this is one of the reason for its low ratings. Smash hit is really a great game and most people like to play it, go stages after stages and all.. but due to the old update.. people are lacking their interests day by day..
Nayana Santhosh : best graphics ever!! what r u waiting for?! download it! try to beat me at 10!! it gets harder and harder but practice makes perfect right? i'm sure you'll love it!
Sabah Bari : This is AWESOME ! I just love this game! And....... ......... I rated this game 4 star because if you are out of balls in a certain point and want to start from that point only, u have to PAY 😑 I don't like this at all. Make challenges instead of payment !! Why all game wants money ? Plzz fix this 🙏
Mike G : Amazing game, no ads. This is nothing like all the other horrible mobile games. This game has amazing graphics and is super addicting. I immediately bought the full version. This is how mobile games should be made.
Aya Kilani : I gave Smash hit a 3 ⭐s because we only have to be vip or we have to go premium to continue from where we stopped. Please make something else premium. I need to be able to continue from where I stopped. Please make an update, and if you don't by 3rd of July, I swear I am deleting the game!!!!! NO ONE DOWNLOAD THIS GAME, IT IS BADDD👎👎👎👿👿
Justin Grobler : I am not a bot and I love this game. I love the satisfying sound and sight that the breaking glass gives. It might be nise if you could continue from checkpoint without premium. Great game
GD Vxbes : I'm a veteran comming back to this game when there was no other game modes and no annoying pop ups begging you for your money,back when I played you could start at any checkpoint you wanted.2/5
Sven Thielemann : I love this game it is so relaxing but sometimes intense because it gets faster the more u r go, but still great. It also has no adds so that is another awesome thing! There r more things I could say but I will leave the rest a suprise. I love this game and I would reccomend for u.
Tommy Davis : This game is my favorite mobile game of all time. Usually I consider the majority of the other mobile games pretty garbage, but this game has very realistic and addictive gameplay that keeps me playing even after dying continuously. Great job!
Mr James : This game is a very excellent stress at reliving which makes it even bettr is the soothing and relaxing music as you beat each level just the pure sound of glass breaking is amazing
Brandon Beckley : Classic. Been playing this game for years since it came out and it's always a good time killer. If you're not careful the game can suck you in, and what was only supposed to be 15 minutes turns into an hour of "just one more level".
victor scanlon : I absolutely love it there is no way to describe to you how intense it becomes after just two or three stages. If you think you have any kind of thumb skills you will want to master this!!!
zachary berry : Addictive challenging. Like to play now and then try to beat my old distance. Soothing music. Over all great game when you got some time to kill
Supriya Mouar : This game is great exept for the checkpoint system otherwise It's graphics areindblowing I think this game is a good way to pass your time this is also 1 of my favourite mobile games I highly recommend you to play it
Rudranil Dhang DAV MTPS 2336 : Really a relaxing game. I just love it . But we cannot resume the from the same level and if we are trying then it shows that get premium...but whatever I say it's a very good 👌👌 game.
Mikey Carrero : Calming music, simple yet enjoyable gameplay, and really appealing level design. I wasnt expecting much but i was pleasantly surprised. Would reccomend trying it.
A Google user : Way too hard. I will not upgrade (because why would i? Its just a game im gonna end up deleting) . I do not want to start from the beginning every single time i lose. Great game tho
90minsofmadness : I really love this game. I especially would like it though if there were a VR experience. The only reason I give 4 stars and not 5, is due to in-app purchases. I feel like you should always be able to use checkpoints.
I m ARYAN : It is a really very good game .Its sound,oh oh so nice,gamplay and breaking of glasses are mind-blowing.I really loved it.I think,anyboy who is reading my comments,i am giving you a free advice that you should download this game.I bet,you really love it,but i want some more updates,those updates will really make the game more interesting.Thank You
Game Reviews : I live this game, this is the funnest game I have ever played, though I wish they would come out with a second because it can start to become boring when you finish and start to play again because you are doing the same thing over and over again.
Dualblades47 : Good visual and sound design. Fun gameplay. If you like classic on the rails shooters, it's kind of like that.
Gabriel Moncada : Stunning and great gameplay but what i dont like is that checkpoints and other modes reqire a pass that must be purchased, but all in all its a good game for killing time
Bryce Luvisi : Really beautiful graphics and gameplay but you cant start at checkpoints or play ANY other mode without premium so ive never spent a cent on games and im not going to just for premium
Lazer's Stuff : Tgegame is fun, but alot of the game is behind a paywall that if you get the game you have to buy to get the full experience. The free to play vertion is more of a demo
Iris Marillo : Every single time we reach a really high level we have to buy premium what the heck I keep getting very mad because we have to buy premium this game is really messed up please I really want to go back on my level please let us go back to our levels only one time for free because this game is really driving me nuts every time I have to restart and I was on a big level so please developers
Kitty Wreaker : Amazing great graphics but I don't like that you have to pay to start at the checkpoint!! Otherwise 5 stars!!
Makenna Winfree : I love this game! The graphics are great and the music has got this really cool daft punk feel to it! This is a great time killer and an awesome game for anyone looking for a challenge!
Spir Al : progress gets reset on hit. no credits to buy levels. stupid compulsive model. boring game. for people who can't think what to do with their lives.
Tom Boodts : Very soothing music, great pacing. I very rarely buy games.. but this one is more then worth the 2 euro something. Endless fun and replayability. Thanks guys
Alex Orcutt : it is a very addictive game but, you have to pay money to save you're level. I would reccomend if you enjoy aesthetic games.
Frank Lin : Sad this game has not been updated in a long time. It only runs at 16:9 unless you have Android Oreo which can force it to run at full resolution on more recent phones. I can no longer do this on Android Pie.
Akiereyea Harrison : It was good but every single time I had to play over again to get to the next level unless I had premium. Which I can't get. It wouldn't save my progress unless I got the premium.
RAJNI SHARMA : Great but please allow non paying customers to have access to checkpoints to , it is really annoying to start over after you have finished like 4 to 5 levels .
Mary Jillian Serdeña : I really really like the game. I wish I could give it 4 and a half but, it needs more diamonds and triangles. Also I'd give it a 5 stars if you guys make it free Thanks
Dr. Smita Dubey : Playing it after a long while......... Mediocre has always made best games... They are a work of art I somehow managed to get to checkpoint 11 and then checkpoint infinity
christian girl 1 : A childhood game. I am so glad this hasn't changed at all for so many years. This game is really fun. It's so good for plane and car journeys. Pls don't do updates. It's perfect already
Deion Barideaux : This game Is really good, I really have no words. It is so satisfying to destroy the glass, this game is recommended from me for accuracy and other things but works better on Samsung A20, if you have a better phone just enjoy the experience!
Dimpho Paledi : This is hands down the best mobile game I've played. I see peope complaining about having to pay for premium even though they're enjoying a no ad game, how will the game make money then? I think this game is awesome and paying a biy for premium is worth it
Joseph Gilbert : It's an amazing game, I highly recommend it Also for $2 one time purchase you get five different game modes and you can play with your friends on the same phone together or against each other
grilled cheese. : Great music, great level design, great everything. This game is really challenging but fun. the only reason why this is 4 stars is because i wish there was more.
Douglas Hansen : game was really nice, graphics and blocks were a good touch. but starting from the start is #$%* ing painful! don't make it so when you fail you start alllll thee wayyyyy back! >_<
Sahib Gill : Personally i hat that the whole game just wants money, you want to continue the game you need premium, you wanna start from the same checkpoint no suprise you need premium. Which costs money, its fun but personally its really annoying when yoy gotta star ALL THE WAY FEOM CHECKPOINT 1 WHEN UR 1 CHAPER AWAY FROM THE 12TH!
Eternity Prevails : Had the checkpoints been included in the free version i eould be more imclined to purchase the premuim. But the fact that checkpoints are a premium feature feels super scammy and is why I wont pay for premium.
Suneetha Y : First of all we really need to try this game for the very outstanding graphics of this game I think no game has such realistic graphics and great quality, every game lover should definitely try this amazing game, should appreciate the effort of graphic designer 👍👏
Xx Lullaby xX : An amazing game!!! It was a big part of my childhood i played it when i was 8 and am still playing it till this day! Its so cool the graphics are awesome!!! I love it so much....if you havent downloaded it yet then i recommend it 💯!
Muntaha Siddika : Really a great game I played this all the time Anna might be the best game on mobile right now the people that made it did a really good job on this game and it looks really real the glass is so realistic-looking and and there's nothing to complain bad about it it is really good really nice and I give a 5-star rating cuz it's just so realistic-looking and really nice
Jen Kelly : It's just an all round bad game the controls are terrible and when I try to shoot it just doesn't shoot and also I got random crashes so I lost 10 balls and then I lost 20 ect. To round it up "THE WORST GAME I'VE EVER PLAYED"
JoJo Aguilar : Its really good although one thing I dont like is when there is moving obstacles,the can hit you in the side and its inpposible to avoid it that's really annoying
Souryadeep Chakraborty : What the hell is this u need premium subscription in each and every point of the game. U should have kept this app paid instead of keeping it free if it is out of reach of those people who don't want 'pay to play'. I would have given 0 stars on the game if it was possible to do so. For all the common readers don't play this game they have just started online business for such an underrated arcade game. U just need to have fun so u can go out and check out other games in the play store
Deepak K : Nice color combo, if you are in mood this game will make you a trance state, next level music ,,, every thing is perfect,,,,,even though if you dont have enoughf frame rate it will spoil every thing
James White : A very simple, yet challenging game! Would recommend to anyone looking to sink some time and shatter some glass!
Jeremy Grenier : As you progress through levels, you pass checkpoints. However, if you run out of balls, the only way you can start over from a checkpoint is if you pay for premium access. Otherwise you have to start over from the beginning.
saaraztoh : I love this game! Its so oddly satisfying but the only thing is that you should not have to pay to go to a checkpoint, because i went far and i had to play al the way from the beginning:)
J STALLION : I don't know what these people are talking about -->(i don't like this game)<-- but it's not hard for that reason. It's super awesome and I wish I could give it as a 10000000000!!!! Stars!!!!! It is relaxing the glass looks real these balls looks like my dads balls thank you so much we loved it
Joel Dickson : I found it extremely intoxicating and addictive, love it. Bummer you have to pay for the whole game. This small version is only a teaser.
Pekkause : It could be ok, besides... Make it so you can use checkpoint without the premium, and switch the menu and resume buttons.
Maria Sandoval : This app makes me calm and relax i love how you have to go through chapters and it speeds up.you have to be prepaired when it speeds up.its amiazing if you are reading this please check out the game and also no ads to deal with!
Kerry Lotz : I've been playing this for a while now, I'm downloading it again because it's the absolute best game I've ever seen, it's kind of calming. And when I have nothing to do, I stay up all night playing this, when I feel overwhelmed, I play this, it's absolutely amazing. I've been playing this since 2018..this is a great game! I highly recommend you download it now! It's also a fun thing to play when your bored in quarantine lol
Toasty Kitten : Awesome and I didnt really like the part where you can only restart at the check points unless you have preimuinum (so hard to spell) but othar than that its pretty good!
Rahul Patil : Update: The doubling billing charge for premium has been refunded by the developer, but I'm still not a premium member! So, it's like this. I've paid for the premium version but haven't received it yet. Therefore, my review stands: This developer is a crook; stay away else you'll be cheated.
Cam M : Great game unlike anything Ive seen before or since. Super original and addicting. Great graphics and gameplay is very self-explanatory. Easy-to-use and fun
skyisland cloud : I love this game, it's so underrated! It's so calming but challenging the futher you get. And don't forget The sounds and overall quality of this game! The only down side is that you have to pay for Zen mode.
Sean Campbell : Great game, awesome music, I like how the games obstacles move to the music, making the game unpredictable and fun to play.
TheCheeseBoi 1 : When ever i play this game it reminds myself of when i was a kid. The good days. No dream smp. Good minecraft videos. Just 3 sexualitys. Parks where still fun and active. I was happy. My dog was still here. Now its all messed up this is the only thing to remind me of those days. :(
PUBG MERCY : Wonderfull game I have ever played Fantastic work the inventor. If I start playing my mind would never tell to leave the game. Awesome, marvellous and no words to say about this game. It's really interesting.
He Ah : this game is very smooth and satisfying, it helps me when Inam stressed out or when I'm just bored. The sounds and movements are all very calming.
Sara Smith : This is a perfect game to let loose an de-stress. Much more challenging. Give it a try, bet you like it also.
Deferentzulu 926 : This game is vastly stupid as if youbare a person who can not or does not want to spend money the game is neaely impossible. I think it is a good gesture to allow people to test the game, but with no forward progression without paying is really a bad thing... If people are going to get this game and they continue to fail they may just delete the game like i did... Honestly thisbgame is just a marketing trap for the company to make money.
A Google user : Super fun! Would be nice to save progress without having to pay 2 bucks to do so. Other than that, very fun game.
Ivy Nelson : I've re-downloaded this app for years it's one of the only games I can keep playing for a long time and not get bored of. Fun graphics, fun concept
Andrew Lawton : I've had a purchased version since this game 1st came out and I eek love it. I would give it five stars without a doubt if I could somehow keep my progress each time I install it on a new device.
Bertram McIntosh : The game keeps you engaged however, I paid for the premium version to save checkpoints. Payment was successful and I'm still on basic version?!? Please fix and I will change rating.
A Google user : Its nice but it needs some updates like leaderboards ,adding friends ,etc. with some events or geting alternative balls to throw ,and you add the rest.
Saikiran Babu : I am giving five stars because I love this app and what the background sounds is superrr and not least I telling that is game is amazing, excellent, outstanding performance and download this app and it is like a journey of picnic or trip with family or friends that is why I gave 5 stars 💗💗❤❤
Carsten Hoerschgens-Ham : The premium is really annoying. I want to play the other game modes but am limited to classic. Satisfying but wish there was more without premium
akash salokhe : The game concept , graphics controls.....all are really very good the only problem is that it it forces you for getting a premium account...
G99 Ui : It fun but the premium ruined it, i understand developers need funds for them they humans too, they have needa too. I understand them. Anyway, just wanna tell other ppl this game are paid inside. If you wanna buy premium, it up to you. But don't forget, developer have needs too. (Sorry for bad english)
dat guy : It has very good graphics! The only annoying thing is the premium mode. You need to pay money for checkpoints. The rest of the game is good.
artszyxox 99 : I have been looking for this game for some time now and now that I finally found I wont put my phone down. I used to play this when I was like 5 and I love this game so much!! Props to you develpopers for thisgame that gets me in trouble for being on my phone too much but its totally worth it!!.
A Google user : Good...With 1.99 If you just got this game and didn't pay anything, it's more of a demo than a game. You have to restart the entire course, and you can't play other game modes. 1/5 for free 4/5 for paid
Seema Naik : Nice,interesting game but afterwards we will be bored by playing this game .If are balls have finished we cannot even put a video and then continue. This game is something like we should hit the triangle ,rectangular ,line & when the door comes we should hit the circles so we should hit these with the ball.
Karen Gijan : It's a good game but it's kinda hard for me 😅. To be honest it's a good game but sometimes it's very difficult and it makes me dizzy everytime it turns around. Overall it's a great game and I love it!(灬º‿º灬)♡
Rod lɘꟻ : I played this game over a Bajillion times and it looks more worth it even if it isnt premium the problem is it gets boring and boring as you keep repeating the same levels just to finish the game
Gabriel Thompson : I have been playing this game for at least 8 years and i have loved every second of it. I just wish we had at least 2 modes to start out with, besides that very fun game and i recommend it
Arjit Tripathi : Wow the graphics is so awesome while it's a offline game! The game is awesome but you have to continue with checkpoints that is a bad point about the game?how do you say review reader please the game developer please remove the premium version please!
Bill Bryan : This is the best game I've encountered!terrific graphics, challenging game, and lots of fun. There are some good games out there and Smash Hit is one of my favorite.
Random User : This is a fun game. I love how they made a simple mechanic to a full game. The levels are amazing, challenging and beautiful.
Jordy Boston : checkpoint 3, i hit a sqaure box of glass attached to a string from above twice and it came back down out of view and hit me, there was no way i could have blocked it nor could i have prevented it, this is irratating abd it ruins the enjoyment out of this gamr, please fix this.
Corrisa James : For a free and offline game, a player could at least respawn 3 times without getting premium. Please and thank you. Other than that I enjoyed it very much.
Robin Parravel : I love this game, the graphics are absolutely beautiful, it's simple, but it can keep me playing for hours. Totally five stars!!! 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
MADHULIKA : this is amzing... its been more than year i downloaded this game and from then i never feel like i should delete it even once even if this is a paid game i didnt feel it is wasting my memory.. i love its graphics and sound love this game❤️
Del Ingram : No loyalty. Be warned. change your phone they will not acknowledge your purchase. purchased this game a long time ago, changed from a Pixel4 to a Samsung S21 Ultra. On downloading the game it didn't recognise me. The bit that stuck in my throat was that they found the purchase but wouldn't honour it as I'd obviously changed platform ie iPhone to android. I've always owned android, never ios. Pretty lame.
Nicole Smyth : It is challenging but so very possible with good aim. It also makes you feel not bored and want to die. I like the game.
Harsh Kansal : Very nice game . Graphics are good too . But they should Increase the no of balls which we get in starting of a round and should get a bonus of 10 ball on every checkpoint
ansh gupta : The game is good but we have to buy new modes from real cash. I am not one of them who spend money on games. So if the they remove lock from new modes it would be better
ayush dave : The game is very good . The graphics and sound feels much realistic although more levels should be unlocked for free
Malakiyah Amari : Very relaxing. Soothing colors and music. Love the gravity changes in the levels.
Nikeeta Vaghela : It's very interesting game & very useful for making focus. Great voice. If you want meditation you want to use headphones/ handsfree with this game🤗🤗🤗
CC30 : Yes. Initially looks like it lags a lot but in reality it's smoother than games with bad graphics. Also pretty addicting.
Peter Rakobowchuk : INCREDIBLE!...Graphics and gameplay...(and NO ads constantly popping up)..A unique gaming experience - miles ahead of everything else...
A Google user : i like the game it is a lot of fun but it is kind a challenging but that is what makes it fun. on my first try i made it to level 6 and i hope to get good enough to complete the ganlme!😄
archanakiran pinnelli : Smash hit name itself says smash the bottoms and hit the glasses playing with energy strength we can play any time we won't so many levels speeds and levels are awesome super game that rotating when I'm hitting the glasses it is like the game is in real life and like hiring someones glasses DEFINATALLY give it 5upon5
UK UK : Its so much easier to use than 20days and no reply FM to E Engl id am not a English version English e timalli is the best for the advance of this is the best of luck and Shubha is the one that all engineers do u need to update you can refer to the same bug in r u can use the best option in your area and Shubha is a great way he is very much needed to get it done in the past year and no longer can u call it a day to get the FiExt to the point where it will come back and no longer will get it to t
Amber Powell : This is my sister and I favorite game. This will keep you entertained for hours, before you get so frustrated you through you phone across the room only to pick it back up to go again.
STEM11_Aoalin, John Zyoid. : Its great offline and timekiller game. Its quite challenging but I hope you reduce or maybe make a sale on other game modes Im just a kid and doesnt have the a lot of money
ASHOK Rathi99 : I have given three star ⭐ just because in this game check points should be available as 🆓 and other game 🎯 modes should also be 🆓 for the people who can't pay or are kids including me . If you improve these issues than other will give 5 star ⭐✨ I guess Thank you .
Jessica Cooper : Great graphics, great concept.... it's so exciting yet so soothing at the same time. Never come across a game like it before!
Ramesh Gupta : frinds reall it is a very bad game after 2 min ads comes and it shows new version came download it . and if you play this game you will go in trouble by stupaid ads .I request you all my dear frinds please dont download this app . stupaid aap . wastage of time . wastage of storage. wastage of network . grapics are also very bad no multi-player option . I thought that this game is vary good after I downloaded this app fell me very apuset. dont download this app that's why I am telling you again..
Sridevi Dendukuri : Good game controls are good, graphics good, but it gets boring because you always need to start from the first checkpoint..
Anfal Sadour : This game is nice and cool but as soon as you start playing it a bit long it starts getting boring the way to make it a bit interesting is to add more features and update it.
Dr.A.CHANDRA KALA : it was a very nice game I suggest that everyone to play this game but they could give the premium pack in a little money but the game was awesome and the graphics no words to say it was super awesome
Yahia Walid YT : There is a bug which is when you restart from checkpoints without premium there is a message called restarting from checkpoints requires premium so when you click not now and go back to start checkpoint the message doesn't go away and when you click get premium in this message the checkpoint exits but the get premium page doesn't occur please fix all of the bugs and add more gamemodes and add checkpoint 12 and update the game
Harshit Sarin : The game itself is amazing. So much so that I bought the premium version for INR 124.33. After the payment went through, I never got premium. I keep pressing 'restore purchase' but nothing happens. I feel robbed.
Miranda Kirby : I love it cant put phone down half the time, but I dont like how you have to pay to keep the level your at. Im back to give my 2nd review and I have to say I am addicted to it. I can play for hours. Only prob im seeing as of now ot seems like my thumbs get in the way. I give this game 5 stars.
Geoffrey Mashego : The graphics of the game make it very enjoyable and the way it improves your reflexes when going fast.
Jack Sheehan : Amazing game. Such a hypnotic experience, starts off easy but gets much more challenging. And it's addictive too.
Dan TheMan : An excellent game. Hand eye coordination is a must. Quick reflexes are all needed. Brain is seriously put to the test ....
Donna Hamilton : I really liked this game...until they asked for money to save my progress...after the first try. I'm uninstalling this app as soon as I post this. I don't pay for games. Be warned: Unless you enjoy playing level one multiple times, just say no.
A Google user : I love this game I have been playing it for a lot of years until I bought a new phone because my old phone broke and I missed the game I forgot what it was called I saw my brother playing it I started shouting "WHAT IS THAT GAME NAME?????" Then he said "Smash Hit" I was like "AHHH" I immediately installed the app!
jackson jackson : Love this game! They don't waste no time. You get straight into the game. Best game ever, unlike some other games that are very bad, Pixel Gun 3D is the elephant of the room.
Becky Tabor : I really like the game but I think we shouldn't have to get premium to start from a checkpoint it's unfair and really hard to get that far but overall it's a really awesome game
Kachua Tosh : Great game. But for the love of it, I bought premium twice and nothing happened than money being lost. Restore purchase option ain't helping as well.
TwinedAutumn : Really fun and entertaining game I bought the premium version because it was really fun and challenging plus I was able to save where I left off and able to play new modes
UnicornSlimes31 Casrula : It's a great time killer. The graphics are nice. It's very relaxing and tense at the same time. No ads, wich I love. That's all :)
_venus br_ : this is a great game I have that been playing for actually a very long time I think they have really set the bar high for this game and I really like it I really liked how it turned out and yeah I would definitely recommend you to play this if ur feeling a bit angry
Nicolás Torres : Actually the best physics I've ever played, good music and very nice graphics for the time that was launched. I love it!!!!
annoying cat : i am kind of person who actually having hard to spend money into games, so when i actually buy this game it is actually really really REALLLY worth it. all the games moods and all the flexibility to the games access is very satisfying if i can give hundreds of star review i would 🥰
P H : I got stuck after checkpoint 9, the game just slowed down and stopped moving, i had 160 balls or so, I could throw balls and use power ups but it just didn't move.
idham 97 : I've been playing this game for a few years now. let's get it over with, premium is so worth it. The graphic is so clean, and mesmerising. The sound track is even better.
Ever Universe : Too f-ing hard. This game has some moments where you hit the glass then the glass somehow rotates behind and hits you. Also, you lose multiballs if you miss crystals which is anoying af.
Nitin Bhatia : Good game ,good graphics and the best part is the difficulty of the game it suddenly increase and after few seconds it come to normal .best game fot time pass
J.R. Glowacki : Amazing game if you like a challenge! The Zen mode is awesome to just clear your mind and release stress. Smashing stuff is so satisfying!
A Google user : it is very good game it is easy to play in the UK, but it 7 the the, which is why the the same time, but it would like to know about it is the first time in the UK and Ireland and Scotland and the other side effects 8th of a new one is in the UK and Europe, the 6, and the rest of the most important part time work, I have a good idea to make sure I can see that you can be done in the morning, but the only way to go to bed at the moment and will be a problem for 5th, I will not be a bit of a pr
Ashley Blue : smash hit is addictive and it must be improving my hand eye coordination. id rate it 5 stars if there was a way to start levels with the option to add spheres...
The Nobody : This game is honestly one of the best games I have ever played, and it doesn't stake claim to this lightly. the graphics are quite good for the type of game it is, the music is amazing and the concept of the game is simply brilliant
Razor Blade5810 : Pretty fun. It gets harder after a little while and I definetly like that. I cant seem to pass level 5.
mader cesista : i like it because its very challenging but when i got to level four and loss it needs to be purchased to continue playing.
chicken nugget : Ok so I got supper far into it and then died out of a glitch when I pressed the time power up and I really want to respawn where I was AND COULDN'T BECAUSE I NEED PREMIUM that enough for me to delete it because it makes me so mad but tbh if you're look for some time consuming on fun this is the app for you
Owen Johnston : Smash hit is a really good game it has very few to 0 ads but it does sometimes take you to a checkpoint infinity instead of taking you to the next checkpoint
William Land : Really enjoy the game but I have now had to pay for the full version twice and it keeps resetting itself so I no longer have the whole game. Disappointing.
Tell Srk To Stop Stealing My Heart : This game is just awesome and very unique. Especially I have anger issues and when I hear the noise of the glass breaking, it calms me down like i let out the anger. Very easy way to relieve stress and just such a cool game, even if I am in a good mood I play it. I even got my brother to play this game.
Gowtham Makthala : It was an amazing game i ever had every level had a tough situvatio we dont need to select firt level or second level if we start thegame once it go to second and third continuesly
Landon Walker : Its good game the graphics are just gorgeous and i love how it moves its very relaxing sometimes i actually listen to music just like this but it disapoints me how you have to get premium to play again
Something Different : First of all this is a best game and I want to say I want updates in this game. Make glass ball firing enemies. Some keys in the levels so the player fire the ball on the keys so he may open the door etc.
benstekar : Every time i uninstall this to play other games, i can't help to reinstall it, i find it to be a trully enjoyable game. A classic really.
Tibay, Janna Melissa B. : I love this game but there's a bug I found that made it boring everytime I die it says if I want to start from checkpoints I need to get premium but when I press not now it does go back but it doesn't go away pls fix this and I'll rare 5 stars
Somniad : Played as a kid - loved it. Not too much to do past infinite, but good, honest fun. Got to infinite on the first time back. I guess I've still got it. Thanks for making such a nice game.
tushar khanore : The WORST game ever. I throw the ball - in the correct direction but it does not hit the glass. This has happened hundreds of times. Finally, I gave up, rated this game and ended up with uninstalling it.
Dominik Mandić : Great game , fun gameplay, the visuals are stunning as is the audio quality , best thing is this game doesnt shove tons of microtransactions down your throat and literally has no ads, props to the developers , will grab the premium version to support the creators
Aashutosh Barve : One thing i didnt like is that even if you miss a chance to hit crystsls,all multiballs are are lost and you have to regain and play carefully. That makes me annoying instead of being pleasured.it should be atleast 5 chances.
Lourdess Bride : This game is amazing you have to try it. It challenges you in so many different ways. Im in check point 10, see if you can beat me? Download smash and play with friends 👋🏽👋🏽😁
Xen : Really a time killing game, helps me through boredom, and it gradually gets harder as you pass through multiple levels. Me and my brother have been competing afainst each other
Sakinah Nawaz : this is a really good game!!! it's offline so you can play anytime and the graphics are really good. the music is also great!! 12/10 highly recommend
Ortho : I love it the game requires precision and accuracy as it's two main factors but what I really love about it is that you can get checkpoints in it it is one of the best games I have played
Joshua Garcia : So addicting. Sharpening tool for physics mentally. I hardly play online games, but this one you had better stay focused on. No distractions.
Tremaine Kelly : It's a very fun game however when you get good at it, it becomes very time consuming. I'd reccomend the game but not if you're a busy person or are prone to a temper.
N V RAO : it is such an nice game it's easy to hit the mirrors and it will be very interesting coming after one one level it will be much fun if you play carefully only you can see different levels
Leonardo Leonardo : simple, smart, addictive, no annoying ads, good concept... an example about what a arcade game should be. congrats!
Nathan Gregson : The game is so abstract and mysterious, it makes you want to keep playing so you can find out what is beyond that certain level. It's a great game and I recommend it.
Kym Payac : its great at first but.. its boring 2 hour after playing.. you should put some missions, kinds of ball(skins) , etc.. to make things more interesting (happy face)
DJ : Game is nice and has nice but whenever I use the infinity ball power up the balls only go to one side if the screen and won't let me shoot them anywhere else. Once they fix this it will be a 5 star
cat oob : suggestion... if you really love this game (and you will) go ahead and buy the whole thing because it is worth it. the only problem I have is personal... I wish I could do it in portrait mode.
A Google user : u either have 2 pay or start over from the beginning. 😡it's very frustrating. but when u smash theglass it makes a satisfying noise.
Herobrine : This is my childhood game (2015-2016) playing after 5 years feels like u r in ur childhood again love it graphics are good The gameplay is good but why 4 stars bcuz the premium version is the main fun of this game only if you buy the premium version of this game multiplayer starting from checkpoints etc all though a good game even without the premium version
Wilenxz_0 : This game is pretty good. Controls are really easy. The graphics are SOOO GOOD. There is alot of pros but only one con, that is because you need premuim to start on a checkpoint. That is my rating. 4/5
ntsika kota : excellent game, very responsive controls. easy to learn but challenging to master.
Patty G Hular : It is quite hard cause whenever you break those black crystals it won't give you an additional ball even the crystals like the diamonds it will still give you 3 then when you have gone further then you lose you can continue but you need to have premium
Krishnan Rajagopalan : its a. very very good game and the garphics are superb. i loved the music. this game is epic and a great time killer. I played for 25 mins and did not notic the time fly by. super fun. outstanding game . i love it.
bill mccraw : this is by far the absolute best game ive ever came across on playstore or anywhere else for that matter ths graphics quality as well as the music are simply astounding.🇺🇸
Furanz : I've been playing for years since I was a child, but I never went to infinity before... It's fun, and I need good reflex mind... I still didn't buy the premium ver though... But it was fun and THE HIT 😁
Anthony Darko : I like the game, but I hate when I have to restart after game over. I am sure this isn't an endless game b/c it's not randomly arranged, so why can't I just save from my highest point????? Please fix this.
FinaReverseOsmosis : The game is good and all, but i hate how I need premium to use the checkpoints. Hopefully in a future update, this will change to be free.
Noluthando Zungu : Really cool graphics. Though I can't start at my ending point where I lost all my balls. I try to smash some blocks of glass but they don't smash. But all in all really great app
True Chang : I hate this game a lot even though I sometimes play it. Sometimes when I'm in the middle of something with the levels it brings me to the pause menu it's rests me trust me it,s not fun!! (plz Nerf It and don't comment creator!!!!!!!!!!) :(
Pranjal Sahu : It is good game for mind It pass our time Nyman Naanavjama Analysis and Analysis is What What Is Where I It want it to be years ye in I am sure it I it will make work in the future the best world thing I can do is y yet my a little bit of bit luck with my a few little things tweaks here to make the sure most best and t the best the in progress with w in is one a little way more than more that a person better will fit in a with a better higher fit shape level rate as and when with more weight an
Queen Masha : I like it. But you can't save your progress or anything unless you pay money. It's pretty much like a pre game trail before you buy
Nour Ghandour : It is a good game it brings back childhood memories. And the sounds are very calming. If you atleast had one type other than classic for free i would have put 5 stars.
Curtis Hardin : This game was around years ago, and thankfully, it's stood the test of time. It's simplicity and charm have stayed, and the game is by far still one of my favorites.
Marcus Clarkson : Classic. Worth anything you can play. Have had it on every smart phone I have owned. Would love more from Mediocre games, they really get it and come with the quality every time!!!
Hassan Gaming Show : I wish i could have billion stars in the rating box thingy BUT I LOVE IT BRO this game is perfect the graphics are Excellant When the level goes to impossible The lazer begins ant the screen starts to rotate i cant even finish it
matt animation : This app is good on iOS but on android It bugs you to get premium. Like why is is free to get checkpoints on ios but not android. I played this game on my ipad and so I decided to get it on a more portable device but I was disappointed I couldn't play modes like zen.In terms of gameplay it's good and with "premium" The zen modes hood the boss modes and other modes are good. Just get the completely free version on ios.
Stuart Hutchison : Good game could be a bit easier but the graphics were good along with the concept of the game it's self!!!!☺
Adeon Waters : Great game. Love it. Though i cant renew purchase of premium from last year. If you could give it back for this google account that would be so great.
Frozenlillypad Shadow : You have to pay to use checkpoints which gets very annoying especially when you have too start at the beggining all over again. Otherwise the app is good.
Mansi Anand : I just purchased the premium version of this app for Rs. 125 and it still shows non premium version of this app. This is absolutely disgusting as I lost my money and I still have the Google play receipt with me as a proof of my purchase. Please fix this problem or refund my money as soon as possible.
Amanda Kids : The game is great. The game itself when you play it takes away how many balls you throw though. I would like it better if it didn't happen, but overall the game is great . I do recommend you playing it.
shiva teja : This game is good about all other graphics, controls and gameplay but this game is disgusting because there are tones of modes in this game but u can play only one mode for free to play all other modes you need to buy premium it's annoying if u go very far and lose their if u want to continue you need to have premium if you don't have it then you should start from starting because of that I didn't like this game this game desver 1 start
A Google user : Super fun. I love how many levels it has and how the graphics are. No lag and easy controls.
ModBot778 : The most stunning graphics. Brilliant Sound Design. All I need to do is go premium. This is the perfect game. Thank you so much
Mikey D : Smash hit is both challenging and exiting with it's outstanding graphics and I really wouldn't be surprised if it was the best mobile physics-related game!
Jane Shepherd : Great game, stunning graphics, inventive. Challenging enough for me, good for reflexes and hand eye coordination.
Prashanth Jatoth : I like your graphics and hardness at end.i have say this 3 years back.but I don't know its name.from then I'm searching for this game.for my goodness finally I found this. It very smooth and hard combined game.i relax when I play this game. But I expect some levels in the game
Suffiane Hamed : I just love it I used to play it as a kid but I installed it it was like my first game to download just amazing graphics sounds and how u have to be aware and awake to get the hang of it great game for relaxing and being calm recomend if u have anger issues.
Dakota Robins : Paid for premium and it didn't work. Uninstalled and re-downloaded still says I don't have premium. Nothing worse then a game or company that takes your money and then doesn't give you anything for it. I have the receipts too including on Google play; just don't waste your time downloading this game
inside out : Amazing game!!! Beautiful destruction physics. It feels like real life! Probably even 10 out of 5 stars. The only thing is that there are too many in app purchases
dark souls entity : it actually amazing game, it iz harder than it looks. i really love hard & compliated games pretty good graphic sound effects and point of view . ithink every one should install smash hit & rate⭐⭐⭐⭐
ASHIKA B NAIR : Smash Hit is an amazing game.. This offline game helps us to kill time and trust me you'll never get bored playing this.. And the quality of graphics in this game is amazing.. I highly recommend this game
aida lf : Love the game. Specially the graphics and the soundtrack. The sound the breaking glass is satisfying af by the way.
Millicent Clifford : Awesome game when you first get it, but once you've passed all the levels it becomes repetitive and pointless to continue.
Keira Figueredo : This is a great game I haven't experienced anything wrong with it. It's super easy, addicting, and just all in all super fun. 100000/10 would recommend!!
Eeshan Koul : The game might be nice but keeping restarts from checkpoint a premium thing made me uninstall it after 1 bout of play. Think yourself why would anyone play this version then, beginning again and again are we that crazy.. end of rant
crotty kid : This game is fun, but if you try to play different modes, you have to pay. I would reccomend this game if you are OK with raging and paying a few dollars for different modes.
Alex Budd : The game is really good and enticing however I haven't played it in some time. Once I started playing it again all the fun game modes are now only allowed in the premium version.
Nayla Mereb : I love this game it is is good as well as soothing and relaxing I feel so relaxed after playing the game the only bad part is that if you lose or bang into something like the glass it do frustrating.
Katheryng Salgado : I used to love this game but I feel they have changed it a lot through out the years. Used to break swinging glass and it would not hit me but now it swings back and thus I have to use more balls. It's annoying.
Bird cake : The game is decent but who ever decided that a person would be willing to play up till level three working so hard to get to that level and go all the way back to level one is stupid. I dont want stupid premium not every ones parents are going to let them buy stuff on their phones. 100 percent deleted. FIX YOUR GAME
Niko Reiesu : I had a fun time with the normal and mayhem modes for several hours, then got bored and tried to crash the game by abusing Zen mode and the multiball mechanic. This game's fun.
Itumeleng Montsho : you can go through an entire stage without a single crystal , so how do the developers expect you to maintain , also the balls should decrease one at a time, when you have 5 balls, ONE mistake causes you to lose everything back to one ball which is bullsh#t
A Google user : The game is great I just wish premium was free but it really great. High definition graphics and it's just fun destroying glass objects and I recommend it 🔥
Kulshen Singh : Please add support for a 18:9 display. The game doesn't cover whole screen on my Google Pixel 2 xl. And that is sad to see on new smartphones. I hope a fix or an update will be in place.
V II : Very nice physics and experience, and I only wonder how those dumbasses at the reviews think this is a scam. Just press "restore purchases". And I desperately think that you need to give people access to the level creator because 11 checkpoints are too short.
Humanboi91 : This game is awesome and the soundtrack is really amazing but its just that you have to spend more time in it to beat your highscore but thats what its really about
Danielle Williams : it's pretty cool so far I've just started playing only thing on level 3 I don't understand how i get through those electric wires i guess u would call them and i can't get to the directions.
Fatimah Makgatho : It's a fun, simple to play game. The level are each unique, tricky and beautifully designed. ❤️❤️❤️
Grug : I rate this game 4 stars because it is very much fun to play but it gets boring after a while, I've downloaded this game like 10 times and had a blast every time but I got bored of it after a while. Also the graphics are top-notch.
Sade Tq : Please add full screen mode for 20:9 phones. The game is wonderful but I get a very small area to play as the sides get chipped off.
Jennifer Q : I love this game. download it and purchased it again thinking hoping that they had added more levels but it only goes up to level 11 how sad waste of my money for a second time
AMORE Williamson : I honestly love the game, I just bought the premium version and it went through and all, but when i wanted to start where i lost,it just told me that had to buy the premium version again after i already bought it.
MASTER LEARNER : It's like being excited when we pay it. Really! It's too old but i do love to play it now too. Thanks to it's creater and all people for creating this amazing and bewildering app.
J : Games awesome. Futuristic graphics, interesting music and WHO DOESNT love the sound of broken glass? ....update! Now that I've MASTERED The game I'll have to say that this game... IS STILL THE BOMB!!!
•OctoXDCorales 12• : I really love this game! I've been playing it since my childhood! But, I took one star out because you have to pay money in order to experience different modes and go to your checkpoints. Nonetheless, I love this game!
Abhinav Reddy : ITS very stress relieving!!... and so fun but in few circumstances I lose balls though i hit the obstacles that is the only thing contrary to the game or else it's a wonderful game
WAMMO 2020 : I think that it is really stupid that you have to buy the premium version of it to unlock check points and other things. This is what kills a fae really fast.
Bizz 13 : I like this game because I saw this game on a YouTube video that got my attention to play this game. But, what I don't like about it is that I get mad when I run into the objects and lose 10 balls. Maybe put the game to let the person lose 5 balls and not 10.
akira : played a year ago, love this game. I can play it for a long time because of the long level. so good. the gameplay and controls are perfect.
MPG_Zesty yt : there a lot of bugs like not letting me shoot when i tap. And also considering when you get hit it takes away ten qhen the max you can eran from a crystal is five
Kai : This app used to be so fast and fun and i used to play for a while without dying but now its so slow and i barely get past level 4 i thought it was a wifi issue so i used a vpn but it remained slow and started lagging.
Sodium Chloride : Top notch high score design however I found that it needed me to sign in each time instead of keeping me signed in, another issue was that I had to wait extraordinarily long for it to sign in or decides to crash
S Nurhanis : If we've stop at one point and then we can't start at the same point we stop without premium. Itvs bored when we always need tu buy when we want to play a bored game. Thank you.
Wade Block : Most of the game is locked behind a paywall, including the other modes in the main menu and quality-of-life features such as checkpoints(!).
Ayesha : I used to have this app. Loved the graphics and the sound. Great stress reliever till they asked me to pay... Uninstalled. I wanted to play it just once but it doesn't download now.
Antonio Vigil : I give this a 5 star because ITS AN AMAZING OFLINE GAME EVER, i played this game for 3 years i cant stop playing it its just so fun to play. When i first played it was on 2018 march 3 in the morning. When i played it at my friends party, Until somone told me this game sucks i told him Noh it not, i just ignored him. so this game is very fun i played with my friends and THEY enjoyed it. This is the fun game ever if they made more i will play those to. This is so epic.
Ovidiu Leonte : this is such a waste. you go and save checkpoins and then you immediately run out of balls. then you discover that you can't take back from the last checkpoint unles you go pro... and going pro isn't worth the cost...
Si Daab : I love this game, it's really good and I love it. It has really cool music vibe, each and every checkpoint you pass has a different vibe
Punarbasu Pradhan : I have installed this app just before few days and trust me the app is awesome usually other apps have adds if they have a premium version up in their sleeve but this app has no adds and it really feels like a premium app .
princess mary : The game is good but evry time I loose The game restarts that disappoints me to start from loosing point we have to purchase the game. I can only play 4-5 check points and after loosing again I has to play from starting that's so boring so deleted the game
Jade Butcher : Terrible just terrible. After like five rounds the whole game just forces you to buy the full version. But for the first 5 minutes of the game was kind of ok though.
LRCS : good old days when i was in highschool. i need to uninstall my other games to download this game, because my phone was lowspecs couldn't download this game. I though this game was needed more high space and ram but no, its only 53 mb or more because of update.
A Google user : it is a good game overall but I only had it for a day because in order to have checkpoints you have to buy premium and i didnt want to so you have to restart every time but overall it's pretty decent
I gotta fart an barf : I dont understand the point of the game...i play and play and playyyyyy but still no real point jist breaking glass and then u have to pay to start from chexk point what the heck man, just it makes me hate wasting my time on a game that dont have a point it would be nice if it did like if were breaking stuff cause we after a villan but nah sooooooo BORING.....
Krishna Hari : Well, I quite liked the game and decided to purchase premium, but after paying the amount, I didn't get premium unlocked and my money has been debited. How can I get a refund?.
Manas Paul : I wish the paid version was cheaper, but the sound effects and simple graphics are a treat.
TheBaconGodfather777 : This game is a good game! Good time killer, definitely worth the money. Once you get to Endless Mode, just try to survive to 30,000 points lol- But still, download this game. It is very fun!
imtiyaz khan : Good thinking very easy to play i like it its interesting smashing the crystal and then we get a point and i played it till the 6th position Very i just downloaded i thought it was very nice game and my thought has told the truth it was really interesting and very excellent n.
chichi johnson : THERE ARE NO ADS. AND THE PREMIUM IS CHEAP. This is the best game I've played so far that didnt drain my wallet and theres no ads. Guys no ads!!!
LiveLifeDiamond 5 : This is a pretty game most of the games I find are full with ads but this game and the premium is worth buying with extra modes the fun is endless.
Marufur Rahman Maruf : I used to play this game 1.5 year ago. Then the premium version was not available. Today I install this game again and have found this change. A good game, not adds, no difficulties to use this app. Thanks to game developers for this game.
S. S SREENATH : You want to buy the app for playing from last checkpoint is horrible. Also sometimes glasses won't break even if balls are thrown.
Monaliza Rosete : This is a great game! This one of my childhood's game when i was a kid. This game is literally my favourite and i came back for this game and downloaded it. Especially some of the haters dont like this game, The people who rate 1, probably a toxics. These game dont have errors. I know why the people are ratings 1 because they're gadgets are errors but not this game and it has no errors. For those who rated this a 5 or most they are really supporting about you and i am too :) 😀😀😃😃😃
ROBBIE : Extremly glitchy the the balls seem to phase through the obstical in your way and u have no choice to hit it it seems to happen at random times and youll eventually lose and other bug is u seem to take random hits with nothing in front of you i wouldnt recommend this game not till the bugs are fixed
Gadgil : this is a great game. the only drawback is that we dont get to start from the last checkpoint and thats really frustrating cuz it just like why did i even try to reach that if i just have to start all over again
layla carlson : because it gets really hard when I get to the seventh level and that start to throw some blkes at you and you can lose your balls really fast but it is a really good game and really intense I think slot of people would like to play this game and it is free to play the game to download it on a Electronics but some parts you can bye some stuf on the app thankes whoever made this game it's a really good game and I think you deserve lots of money for it cuz it's a really good game!
Garry Rogersgm : Love the graphics ambient music and the colors are Carmic the different levels are interesting smooth and varied. I love it
Lyam Streepy : Honestly I think this game really does help people because it is a very good game because you have movements and you got to work on accuracy and it really does help people with their eyesight
night twist : Its really good and i recomend downloading it though we have to get premium for checkpoints i dont take it as a serious problem...and i love this game cause its offline too cause i always get internet problems and i think this game is great..
Robert Tipton : This game is superb, made it to endless many times and still having fun. Wish some of the game modes were free though.
A Google user : This is so hard game but you will be interested in this game after playing it .you have to shoot crystal in it and save balls how much you can for upcoming levels
Junaid Ashraf : Omg... Controls are just sooo annoying. When I pause game and pull down notifications, the game just resumes and I just accidentally clicked on restart. Whenever I click on something at left most bottom, I accidentally click on booster... Plz fix these Anyways until then I am uninstalling this stupid game
Points of Authority : This is actually really fun. It's not hard at all, and you don't want to stop playing it. It is super cool, and addicting. I haven't run into any ads btw. Definitely deserves 5 stars.
Sebastian Voinea : Very good game. The reason that I am giving it 4 stars it because I would like that checkpoints to be not included in premium version. Sometimes it get frustating.
[MG] Trunks : Premium is too dumb, makes the game way too hard, co-op mode should be free, but its only LAN, this game has became tedious and annoyingly bad with the premium, either change premium or i will never play this game
A Google user : The app is soo addictive but some of the graphics are okay hard to control when getting the extra balls and slower time in the corner.
Rodnonethryan Storsbergen : The game is ok, but I have to pay JUST TO PLAY A DIFFERENT MODE!😡💥🔥 Totaly a rip off. IF YOU make a sequal, make it were you don't have to pay for different mode.
Silent wraith289 : The physics with the game is trash. Total trash. 1 ball hit the triangle and did not break! When I hit all the pyramids it said I missed one but I didn't.
Suman Singh : It is a nice game and have very high quality graphics and sound but we have to premium in it and it is little boring after some time
DRIP FF : Cool bro! The backround music, graphics and sound effects are awesome and realistic! COOL GAME!
Jenna Kiel : It is a fun app exept i dont like that when you get really far in and die it. Costes money to go to the last checkpoint so i rate it a four and it is suggested
Crimson : It is amazing cause it's fun to play and kills time. Yea, the checkpoints aint there but it's good cause well time gets killed along with more fun
fugitive child : Very frustrating when you are on a streak and miss a glass. But other than that it's a very excellent game
Ethan Starry : An excellent use of mobiles' unique control limitations. Top notch music and visuals as well.
Santhosh Philip : Goodnes..this game was the best..u didnt even need to pay a single penny..But,wats wrong now..GUYS, now we need to take premium to continue the game if you have lost out..i mean y the heck...i ll say that tjis game has the best graphics with all those calming sounds..but i just hate it when the premium stuff comes up ..
g shute : Since 2014 I've had the premium version and it's dangerously absorbing. Be warned. It's one of the best games out there. It just dragged me back in after more than a year off...
WA- ELGY : I hate the fact that you have to pay in order to respawn at a checkpoint, I mean come on! the entire point of a checkpoint is to respawn there when you die, but NOPE! You have to pay to respawn. 1\5⭐
Another Playz : Its very fun and cool my only problem is that once you run out of balls very easily i guess thats balance tho anyway this is a very fun game for paient kids i really enjoyed this game its not a very indepth report but i dont have much to talk about so download this game for your kids or for yourself bye.
Mj mG G : The other premium features are only the modes and spawning from your saved checkpoints its only that only 2 new features c'mon just remove the premium cus its only 2 new features. Its only a waste of your money just for 2 new features i do not recommend buying the premium just for the modes and the checkpoint
Alex Whit : I have anger management problems. This game is a god send! Who doesn't feel like breaking glass every once in a while?! The only thing is I wish is that we didn't have to pay to start from checkpoints. We have to start from scratch every time we play.
Krime Boss : Love the game very time consuming nd gets strategic after while, but I love it. Gives me something to do with my time!!! Keeps me occupied for quite some time. "TAX•FREE "76 Sir Krimez1 GxL C.A.
H L : This is so nice first is I felt like this place is very cool and calm second is this game doesn't lag a lot, third is this game has the asmr sound is satisfying and sounded really really good best of all is this game doesn't cheat my meaning is that most of the games, they would purposly minus our money for no reason but this game doesn't CHEAT.SO I WILL RATE THIS 5 STARS IS SOOO GOOD GUYS DOWNLOAD quick, you have to try it is so so fun really. Download it and you will know how good it is🥰🥰💸✨
kiran kumar pappu : This game's graphics are so good and the sound effects are so real that when I put it on full sound my mom asked me what have I broken, 👍👍👍😅😅😆, BTW I loved this game, pls update soon and add more levels and keep up the work
shubhamprateek gupta : its a good game .. i loved it bt you must now update the game with new levels ... i have passes every levels during trial version only.. game is a bit moderate.. bt really need new levels...
Serrano, Christian O. : The graphics are good the sound is like an erie vibe which makes it cool and its like you're in a vr which is amazing but I hope that there are more things you can do for free
Tamia Bryant : it is a really addictive game and a great time killer for when ur in school or just waiting also I like how as u progress it gets harder and harder really challenging but worth it
Tristan Allen : I found a glitch in the game I was at my grand parents and I think i was in the snow area then I left and I came home then I unpaused the game in the snow area and once I was out of the snow area I was in a orange area and it said endless check point/infinite checkpoint then it gave me the endless achievement I think this glitch might have happened before to me recently maybe somewhat of the same way maybe it has to do with switching internet connections or something but this is a glitch I found the other time it happened I wasn't in the snow area.
Kourtney Renee' : IF YOU THINK THIS GAME IS FREE, YOU'RE SO WRONG! IF U DON'T BUY PREMIUM IT WON'T SAVE YOUR CHECKPOINTS AND YOU ALWAYS HAVE TO START BACK AT THE VERY BEGINNING IF U LOSE! AND TRUST ME, YOU'LL LOSE! the three stars are for the animation.
Vanessa Daniel : You really just have to be a god to finish it, but even though most of game you CAN pay the fact there is so much in the free version is so cool. And it takes 0 space and WiFi is even better. A must have game
Npcc Ktv : Feels very good to be a part of this game . Thanks to the editing team which comes out to be brilliant and beautiful. Worth installing and really surprising to see that this game is for free.
Bot notop : This game is great i will recommend this game its so relaxing and satisfying ( Use headphones for better experience) there is no ads( Untill you turn on wife but only 2-3 will came) but you have to take membership for check point and levels but after all you can play membership in not necessary for the game but its your choice But i love this game
Anime Gamer2021 : Very tough for me also it kinda gives me anxiety I justvstaryed playing. But it kinda stresses me out and makes it hard to breathe from how stressful it gets. The graphics are great but the game itselfbis pretty stressful.
Lnrdo Sndvl : Absolutly fun if you like the sound of breaking glass as you cruise through challenging corridors.2 Thumbs up for the developers and I suggest some spin offs with purhaps other destroyable glass😁
Heba Dk : its fantastic and amazing . my onlly problem is that u have tompat money to start from ur checkpoints. please at least make the first check point free. and if u did them all free u well have more players
Jordan Wagner : One of the first games i put on my tablet in hs, and have put it on my phone since. Great to relax to, almost hypnotic. An absolute most have game, and worth the premium version.
Cory Farris : This game is awesome. Cool graphics & sounds. Different challenge at each level, it's great!
John Mcnamara : Exceptional graphics with just the right amount of challenge. Cool game for those extended visits to the porcelain throne
A Google user : this game is really addicting for those interested in arcade games. the graphics are quality. overall, i would recommend this game but it's hard to play
Zainab Wahid : Best test game. My cousin told me about it. I thought it would be nonsense. But when i played mind blown🤯🤯. Great game. Veryyyy additive:) First of all no ads. We will surely recommend it
Saumya Shaw : ❤This is the ❤bestest❤game not "best" ❤well I am in love❤ with this game ❤from so long I love it it's the best game for time pass well you❤ can play❤ this in your free time well it can be more improved❤ from ❤many way's if possible for the head❤. I have been the ❤biggest fan❤of this game I had been ❤playing this from ❤2-3 ❤years❤ from different phones and the first thing to be taken is "❤Smash Hit❤"...........❤well done ❤you all must ❤download❤this game ❤and try❤....❤you'll love it❤
Sabrina Quintanilla : I bought this game when I had my iPhone. It's one of my favorites. Gorgeous graphics. Fun physics. Beautiful soundtrack. I had to buy it again for my Android.
Caren Dian Elvina : I actually like this game. but there's something that disturbing me, when we ran out of balls we should start over from the very beginning of the game, if we want to continue from our last place, we must buy premium.
Naqiyah : It's an amazing game but it should have a policy of not paying n continueing coz after going through so many levels if ur out so it's disappointing to start frm 1 level
KJ Akkinotcho : It's fun how the levels get more fun and hard while having so many cool special effects with each level.
Kathie Tucker : I have been playing this game for over 10 years Down loaded the game through 6 tablets. A great game for adults of all ages. I should know,, I have been many ages with the game.
Geeta Tiwari : This game is just awesome. 3d visuals and smooth graphics make it outstanding. Play it and you are also going to rate it 5 stars 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Bhagat : I've purchased the premium pack but it's still showing to purchase the premium and no levels are unlocked. Mediocre's Twitter account is suspended and I cannot find a way to reach the team. What should I do?
Aaztac : Great graphics, beautiful music, amazing gameplay and most of all the glass breaking is so satisfying.
Amanda Mertes : Have had this game for years. Actually bought it. Great stress reliever and helps the time pass by. Also good for anger issues. You can hear the glass shadder.
Mohammed Nihal : This is best game I have ever played..... Everytime I play this game I look for best distance..i just want to go as long as possible.. Fun and entertaining...if play store has 10 stars.. Then would love to give 10/10.....!!
Arpeet Choudhary : A very good game. It requires a lot of concentration to throw balls on crystals only and to save the balls.
Lazy guy watching YT : Best relaxing game I've ever played, I would definitely recommend, I'm genuinely suprised by the lack of ads that haunt most modern games, the folks over at Mediocre really have done an amazing job
Maru Noise : So I have been playing this game off and on for quite a few years this game is both super fun and amazingly therapeutic I really enjoy this game. Also, I am a real person 1st off understand that.100%. And I know that sounds weird but it's the truth, I need you guys to know you can trust this game.
Babita : The best game ever.... And a good time pass too.. The theme of smashing of glass with ball is great ... It's actually satisfying also.... I had a great experience for it and waiting for next part
Katelyn H : Intertianing I have had it for about 2 years then uninstalled it for about a year just now installed it so.......install it twice must be pretty good. Its basically to hit the opsticles and each round is different and harder.
Harshit Gala 9A-05 : It is very nice game we have some fun but one problem the premiere have some rate you can remove the rate means the primere is free so having some more fun
A Google user : this game is a punishing game. Every time you die, you are punished by being sent back to the beginning and have to start all over again. the devs tried to make a challenging game but they just made a punishing game and those games are not fun at all.
Shelley Concepcion : I love it its challenging for me because I have panic disability and the highest level I got was level 8 everyone should try it when you pass a level it feels so awesome yes yes yes
A Google user : I love this game!!! The graphics and gameplay are great. Definitely would recommend if you are looking for a fun and time consuming game. 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟
Jungjuz Ksatriya Gilda KG : Hey, this game is good, but can you make it more fair in the next update? Ugh, I didnt really like how when your character pass the glass, we will lose 10 balls! While when you hit the crystal, you ONLY get 5 balls!
Bron_Gli3hc Gaming : I loved the game it's fun and right up my alley But... you have to pay to save I understand some of it like maybe payed saves in chapter but everything that is save related I loved it but a lot of pay
Gru 2.0 : This game is amazing! The graphics are stunning, and the game modes were great! The game also controls really well! Superb Game!
Mr monu Rana : Really it is the best offline game ever I played. I think it is so easy but its levels are not be easy. I recommended to all play the game and enjoy the game.
Peeratpon Pornchaiyaang-kul : Hey! Mediocre! I like your games very much in good graphics,unique gameplay,and chalenging.but why i can continue with premium one? It's unfair and unreasonable.
Michelle Owens : ADDICTIVE AND SO FUN! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT HOWEVER I WAS EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED TO FIND OUT THAT I COULDN'T PURCHASE THE (PREMIUM) OPTION TO START BACK AT MY LAST CHECKPOINT WITCH IS LEVEL 3. I JUST DOWNLOADED THIS GAME TODAY AND I DEFINITELY WANT TO CONTINUE PLAYING AND GET AS FAR AS POSSIBLE BUT IT'S NOT GOING TO LET ME FINISH WHERE I LEFT OFF I WON'T HAVE NO CHOICE BUT TO DELETE THIS GAME. Please give us the option to purchase (premium)
A Google user : Smash hit is a improve game for now genration.If we talk about the clearity and graphics this was amazing.But when we hit from a wall the all balls gon it came to 1.It should be cequence wise first 5 to 4 then 4 to 3 then 3 to 2 then on 1 this is so hard to win number of balls.And when we win they all gon not like cequence wise.This should be improve for a better game
TheInfamousIdot : Had to give it a 4 star because nothing can be 5 star. The game is awesome, music is so relaxing and calming, i recommend this game for everyone. The premium purchase is worth it too trust me!
Richard Johnson : My old phone broke. I got a new one . I paid for the 1.99 premium. The thing is u didn't get the up date on my new phone. So what I gotta pay for it again. But love the game.
Naaveen Kumar : Worst experience with a great game. Tried purchasing the premium version, but it did not activate it. FOR THE THIRD TIME.
A Google user : It's a really good game and also we can play this game without any stress. And it is really addictive game. Another advantage of this game is it takes small space of your storage. It is a really good game. Please make some updates for this game. Thank you.
Galaxia Tores : really good game graphics amazing the only downside probably is I have to pay the the premium but since it's so cheap I think it's actually pretty cool so far I'm doing good I guess. definitely recommend really cool well done to the makers. 🤩😍😍😘😀😆
Morning Star : this is a real fun game to play... it is also really satisfying to hear the glass break when you throw a balland that the level gets harder and complicated other wise :)
Rebecca Vannoy : I LOVE 😍 this game it just feels so good to break something! And the best thing is NO ADDS! I love it! I suggest downloading this game! Such awesome graphics too! It looks so real!
Bledar Ligu : Great game to play during downtime. Worth the pay because it lets you pick up where you left off and continue on a different level.
Craklaetor : I like the music,:) this is a great game yes I agree but theres 1 thing I hate u only get 1mode the rest u have to pay for I rly I hated the game when I had to pay overall kind of a good game also I'm pretty sure thousands of other people would agree with me
Drohgos XD : It needs more levels and also I completed all the levels. It was fairly challenging and fun.
Christian Wonders : The game is good until its not the game gets boring very quick there is only one mode and you have to restart ovwr and over again it sucka the graphics are good but the game is trash so thing before you download nd waste your time
ushba khan : Its an amazing game!! And relaxing also it is the best game if you want to kill your time i would recommend this is so nice and also with amazing sound affect!!❤but i will give it 5 stars if it was not premium thing!!
Jean Kitson : Great game for relaxing, however you shouldn't have to get premium so you can go from your best distance, you should just be able to without having to spend money.
Emmanuel Mukuka : The best game ever. I never thought it is this good. I love challenging games, pliz people, download and prove it for yourself. Thumbs up to the developer team. Five stars are worth it.
super shot picsel : this is a super game i ever played . there is super good graphics in this game .there are so many levels to play but the game became more harder with the levels .i told my expierience .THE GAME WILL TELL MORE😏😏😏
madhura pradhan : The sound effect is great!!! I remove one star becuse for playing in different levels we have to pay, in all, the game is superb
Chinnapareddy Vinay : It is a nice game ,and we get different check points on moving ,first we think it is easy but when we move on, it will be difficult,I recommend to download it ,and it is a best offline game
ME Nyikes : Omg this game needs 5 stars because once you play and play you get in a zone and I LOVE IT. You NEED TO GET IT!!!! It is worth the cost to upgrade.😍💕💯👍
Dalton A. : Quality and addictive game. I especially like the pay once and done financial model. Soooo much better than constant in app purchases.
ritu jain : its a fantastic game but sometimes it gets hang all over its a great game and a great time killer you should play this game it does not have any ad issues
Shawn Graz : Had this game for years, played it a lot when I first got it. Have slowly gotten better at it since then, enjoying it along the way. 10/10 would recommend to any one looking for a chill game
sandhya mutyala : It is a very interesting game.Smashing the glasses and gaining the balls by hitting at the cone shaped crystals increases our awe at the game.And more over its a game through which there is a lot of enjoymentand fun.
Neo Poh Suan : It is super fun especially when you go to every level and you will think that it is getting harder after you past a level
Girdhar patil : Nice game .. it had a better experience for me and i relly liked and loved this game but when i want to resume from checkpoint it not works this is the only problem otherwise it was a lovely game.... 😍😘😋😊
Tom Romeo : Well worth the price. Great time waster, easy to play on my tablet. LOL. Sometimes the simplest ideas are the best, when implemented correctly. This is one of those.
kenle dedman : it is an AMAZING game I just got my new best distance and I am so happy. I could spend hours on this game. I love it so much it gets you frustrated in a way you want to keep playing. Keep up the good work and continue to go above and beyond on this game.
Sean MacDonald : Great game, 10/10 graphics,but when I bought premium the pop ups still say that I have to buy premium to switch modes etc. Can you fix this bug?
Kirill Shutov : Best game ever no adds, it's a fun target shooting game, and there's power ups that makes more tactics to get the check point 12 Soo far I'm at check point 10. It's even fun when I have no preneom.
D J : Fabulous. This games is so beautiful and relaxing. Great job guys. Loved it. But please make it run on an 18:9 display. Then it would be super fun.
Karen Smith : Love this game but it needs some updates!! Plus I purchased a new phone and it won't transfer my old game. Wants me to purchase the premium version all over again ☹
Tanya Miner : This is a fun and very addictive app, exactly what I was looking for! It is very good for when you are board, and I find no reason to not absolutely enjoy it! I hope everyone else loves it just as much as I do!
Dennis Reyes : Ive been playing this game since it was released so im basically an o.g and i finally got to lvl 10 after all these years,anyway this game is super awesome and i will definitely get the premieum because i think yall deserve it for making such an amazing game,and there r no ads which is the best part,yall should some more lvls tho
A Google user : I had so much fun playing and is a great way to spend your time especially wham your board and is quite challenging .
Suresh S : The game is really fantastic, no issues in the game. And all is sweet and soothing. Premium is way more cool.
Yohanes Gunawan Gwie : the graphics and sound quality is amazing! but pls let us use checkpoints because it will helps us a lot in the game :D
Carrie Sterrett : This game is Soo satisfying. I love the sound of the crunchy breaking plate glass. I get to enjoy total destruction to relaxing Zen music without getting into any trouble in real life! My kids like this game too
Mohan Chhabria : it is an awesome game, but it is having only one problem that if we close the game we cannot continue it afterwards from the same level.
dude dadu : It's a good game for Enjoyment but Since I have go through the last level of the game and come into the infinity mode the graphics of game going on blar please fix the problem
A Google user : super sun. lots of surprises. with free version, though you cannot start from checkpoints.
Krista Sheedy Qual : This game is very....should I say...Rude... I guess. First of all, I can't even watch a silly old Ad to carry on from where I was! Something I would change is to watch an Ad to carry on from where you were.
J : I love how dis game is so good grapichally and how it sounds. But i hate it that you jave to buy for the stages and to buy to continue to your ast level. Other than that,it's fine
Mary Fipps : I love this game i upgraded the game on my old phone and now I can get it on here now it up sets me but I still play but I will not updated anymore it cost money. But you guys are great it would be if you can help me but if not it be ok . My nephew playing this game.
Belinda Livingston : I cant continue from my checkpoint because I dont have premium and to continue from a checkpoint, that is ridiculous. I don't reccomend this game if you want to play from where your checkpoint is.
Yvonne Agbesi : great game. the only drawback is being unable to progress as you need to pay in usd. payment does not allow for local equivalent or support other online payments channels such as mobile money
Adelina Carvalhal : This game is addictive! I love it! It feels so real. Just one thing, could you guys make distractions? I got to the third level in one try. Otherwise, I love it!
IceraytorYT : I've been playing this for 3 years, and it's just amazing. All the graphics, the gameplay, the satisfaction..just nostalgic. Awesome game
Gray Conway : Great game! Really addictive too! The only thing I dislike is that in order to full enjoy the game and all its content, you have to buy the premium version.
Joshua Kim : One of the few mobile games worth playing. Very well done, and the new singleplayer/multiplayer modes are great.
Rosa Pacheco : This is a really fun game and I honestly think you should download this. By far one of my favourite game of all time. Reason why is IT HAS NO ADS. 😁😁😁😁 5/5 stars definetly.
Julia Munoz : We'll get this the game is cooler than before but it has some cons like the first one is that you can not start from the same part as u left off and you have o bye something to get to play evrything. Overall I will give this a 4 until improvement
ha ha : This game is amazing I used to play it all the time when I was younger but I don't get why people say it's 'hard' and give it a bad rating, it is supposed to be hard and you will eventually get very good at it so don't go and give it a bad rating discrediting the people who made the games hard work.
Akill JustKill : Waiting for an update from an year. Please fix few bugs and improve the graphics little bit. Also add few more levels
Umair Ahmad : Very amazing game . I have finished it two times but still want to play more .A end it has endless mode ,which is quite interesting .I am playing this game for 4 years and I love it.😘
Mattu Mm : Everyone rated 5 stars really game is really good just download it!!!!!! Very satisfying game ever made!! But I don't like to broken glasses but it's very satisfying and a great game that I have never seen!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ali alam : I love this game, I enjoy a lot playing this game, it has really challenging levels+good graphics. I recommend to it every one.
S.Rajkumar Rajkumar : It's a very interesting game but we get bore in the time of checkpoint 1 and 2 because it will be very easy but when we come to the checkpoint 3 from there we get much interest Although its a very great game I recommend this game to specially the age people-7to27 So i gave 5 star rating to this game
Niranjana Sathe : This game really takes us to the futuristic world which is wonderful experience .The graphics and music tones were amazing .I loved this game 👍
Gustavo Braun : You basically have to start the game over every time unless you buy premium version - huge pay wall that will keep any casual player to reach any more than the first stages of the game.
Qasim Waraich : 🗿 This is the worst game I have ever played! it wont let me play properly or even shoot balls at all! its a complete waste of time please dont waste your time installing this piece of trash all they do is try to take your money like a pack of dogs! I cant even get premium! 🗿
Aiden Ross : The game is amazing and low key/calm. The fact that you need premium for checkpoints is great, because going through it again is fun
ExploreSophias World : I really like it. I haven't played it in a few years, and I got really happy when I saw it on my recommendations! The only bad part is you cant save your progress unless you pay. Other than that 10/10
Arnithoduga Khalid : What a interesting game.its very complicated .I love this game so much .I also request to bring more versions of this game. But the thing that i didn't like is it wants premium or else it starts from begining
Ethan : Yall really need to make at least a little bit more of the game free. It's so frustrating to get super far just to get shot back to the beginning. Right now I'm deleting the app until this is fixed.
bruh cheese : It is fun, but if you cant actually play without the paid version... set up the game to be a free trial or somthing.
Can I : Great app and premium is not a bad price. In my own experience, I have had great success with the whole app. Fantastic job on all who had a part in making this app. Thank you.
JJJ Neaves : I love this game . if you don't like how you need to buy premium at least it well teach you how not to rage cause you rage so much jk. I play this game for years. I love it.i well give it 3 stars because you have to pay to save and for checkpoints
Yvonne Donohoe : love this game it's fun, fluid and there's no ads and premium is only 2 euro. I bought it after playing for an hour. can't recommend this game enough
mwarha YoU? : Its a gre3game though u need to pay for everything literally except for classic like u need to pay fir check points you need to pay for other types of worlds though classic is ok for me but this game could be alot better if yall didnt made this game too pricey
S Kauser : It's a really good app I think you should install it there are a few glitches And I think that the premium should be free because umm 🤔 people Will think it is old because when they are really close to finishing it They may die and think that it is old and they no most if it Of by heart
Nischal Reddy : I think you can change something in game to make it more realistic. It's same old gameplay. You can change it at least a bit. The last time I played this game it was same and even now its same. Nothing has changed
Tyler Rockey : Very few ads, relaxing and satisfying game play, and really cool graphics for mobile game, this game is the epitome of mobile games.
Okamifan1 Productions : Thing you need to know about this game is that it is merely a tech demo for the Dev's upcoming PC game Teardown. That said this game is brilliant fun with some great physics behind it.
RAven Demon : It's relaxing and satisfying good physics but you need to get a premium membership to resume from the level you had reached.
Ethan Sand : From the graphics to sound design this game was amazing. The physics and 3D experience really emersed you in.
Darshan Shanti : I love this game because it is so satisfying and because I don't get in trouble for breaking all that glass (LOL). The sound effects are awesome as well.
Joshua Felix : It is very fun to play and the most interesting most realistic game I have ever played on my phone it has some certain features that make the game so interesting and which may want people to play and it is so very much attractive to my eyes and it is the best game I have ever play in my life
divya kaur : I bought a premium version, payment is done but the version still not updated. its over 24 hrs. i mailed too but no response yet. it would be very kind to refund if the version is not to be updated.
4ND3RS0N Y4N3Z : it is a really fun game and cool but i do not like how you have to pay for it so it can save your checkpoint and other gamemodes but still really cool game.😎😎👻
Лёва Ришер : The levels are challenging. It get hard after level 2. But its super fun.
Camilo Espinoza : It is a fun and great game to play bcuz it gets intense when u get to about 10 balls left and then when u have a lot of balls it still is a little bit of a worry but other than that it's pretty freaking fun
Miskiewicz Homeschool : It's okay it it's just you need a promo code to start the level you were at and I don't like that I wish be like without that like you can play equally if they don't have money I want to pay money just for a video game
Kitty Kayez : This game is the best! I tried this game since I was a little kid. I tried it in my iPad but I deleted it😔 so why not I just download it in my phone! I understand why that the game is running out of balls to be fair so don't have to worry about fixing it because I LOVE IT!!!
Brenda Benjamin : I love this game, the music, the graphics, the glass breaking and beating your own personal best. The simplicity of it is what I like about it.
Ashanti Williams : this game is a very good game i love all of the different colored levels i think you could improve on with how many balls you get and earn even at the last minute. over all good game thank you to all the people that created this game thanks to all of you everybody not playing check it out you might like what you see if you don't like it your missing out check you later
Emanuel Renzaho : I love how fun this game is you get to brake things and it is so addictive i love how it goes faster and faster one thing i absolutely hate is that we have to pay premium to keep the checkpoint but other than that i love the game
safino games : Good game with realistic move but the game is litturly 89/100 premium so can you make like not premium its annoying i always wanted to change to hard or mirror but it still one of the best games ever
Tolu Oyesanya : This game was fun and interesting, but I hate how you have to get Premium just to have a checkpoint. Otherwise u have 2 start the whole game over. Dont like this game bc of that
A Google user : This game is super fun! The only thing that could be changed is if we could start from were we ended up worhout having to buy the game but other than that 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟 🌟!!!
Yash : Really awesome game and I loved it. Though the developer support is poor and there are no fun updates. Game was fun while it was new for me but have now become boring.
Kriss Krupt : The game is so relaxing. Whenever i rage, i letterally play this to calm me down. When i lose, i stop and say its ok. I recomend installing this, rate it 5 stars and descripe it good as you can. -kriss INSTALL--INSTALL--INSTALL
Shaeen Taj : By contrast this is super fast food and the food is a good night of food nyrzky and the most popular dishes on Friday 56inches and a whole day menu from the best of the f in a very different place and the menu has been very nice for the past two seasons but it's a tribute and the best of all Glockenspiel is super rich with the perfect mix and a good choice for a great day for the guests of luck in a world where the f is super easy and a little more than one of a kind holiday with friends and the
Kidney Warrior VLOG : cool game but I was at checkpoint 7 then I went to the last stage im very confused but the game is still cool 😊 never mind I found out you need to get the game pads to see all the levels my bad xD
Bruce Louis : At the end of the day it's time to crash balls into glass which makes it so thrilling and exciting. Great stress reliever!
Maaz Hasnmi : I would appreciate the developer who materialized his/her ideas in a quite iconic way.I love the graphics of this game but the ball throwing speed ,if is in our hands would make it more fun.
Esai Morales : Solid game. Entertaining and perfect for quick play if you're waiting on something. Barely any ads too!
A Google user : It's nice it's nice game but they should be more diamonds there are many glasses no Diamond so how we will get the balls there should be more than once more than glasses glasses so it's a nice game but I think that there should be an improvement about that you should do download this game if you want to be a shooter in your life I think everyone should play this game for our eyes for our everything it is very interesting
Darshan Lal : This is very tough game and we got only life in the game so if we lost so we can't have any second chance soo in my view to make gameplay better soo we need more characters in the game.
Chemical Wonderland : i absolutely love this game! Satisfying, relaxing, and exciting! Excellent for meditation or for a good challenge that tests your skills and reflexes!
Selim Omar : I love it so much but the only reason i gave it 4 starts is because when i go to the 7th checkpoint and i die it tells me play at the 7th checkpoint then it tells me get premium then i need to restart over is just ALOT OF PAIN!!!!!!!!
FLUFFY_pancakes : Just watching the glass shatter is just satisfying 😁 also the graphics are pretty good and perks are cool and the levels are great 😀💙
V I N A Y IX-G : Best hitting game ever played . Everything is perfect the sound, the graphics everything. I always reccommend this relaxing game. Thanks for making such an awesome game.
M H : Its a pay to have fun game wich is a big dealbreaker for me. its such a fun game but there are so many features behind a paywall. I would say 10 percent of the game is playable without paying and 90 percent you straight up have to pay for. Wich is such a shame 😔
A Google user : The game is really good but if you have made a ton of progress and you haven't paid premium you lose all that progress.So something to dive further more into in an update
DJ Fortify : This is seriously my favorite gane I have ever downloaded. I shared it with Sykkuno just because it is so great. I'm in love with this game and I will use the "more games" option within the gameplay. You all/guys... Are BRILLIANT!! Genuinely 100 stars. This is PERFECT!
Erica F : I like I like the game because you have to hit the ball and try not to die before you get to the highest level I got up to the third because I love the game so much I just downloaded it two weeks ago and yesterday and then I like can you make some more friend I love your game
Lisa B. Horning : This has been, by far, my most favorite game. I played it first on iOS. Always a challenge, keeping my interest to beat my previous progress.
石義 : one of the best games in the store.. hands down. not sure how much the dlc's are, but worth looking into. just try it and see.
Jada Alleyne : I looooovvveee this game so much. It keeps you coming back for more and I love how every level is a challenge and gets difficult to complete.
Evie Lewis : Really addictive and easy to master game but I would have given it 5 stars if you could play more gamemodes without paying but premium isn't expensive so I give it 4 stars.
Mr._. Hrushikesh : It's very nice .because any game is not like this game so it is a different game but a super game .I didn't face any problem upto.now I hope it should continue like this only .Only small twists are there because of that the game becomes very special. If people seeing this comment and facing any problem please dislike .and people experienced same like me like this comment .Thank you Smash hit for giving a opportunity to play this game and rate this game .And thanks to all members. Love you all
SURESH KUMAR : An exciting game ever and ever I had played I my pouffe. Too much wonderful and excited. When my brother told me about this game, I was glared to see that the feature of the game were good. I would suggest every one to play this game and would try to reach the last check point and show that this game one day would be the Large usable game on the world Instead of pubg, free fire, cod..... Try this game and enjoy the fetures of the game.
Ma. Veronica Diaz : I've played this before and I'm installing it for the 2nd time because I totally miss playing this game. It is super fun and really addicting. 15/10. Would totally recommend this game.
Saber A13X : This game is awsome, I always uninstall and reinstall this app because I never get bored of it. It is a really easy but challenging game. 5 stars.
Raphael CY : This a game in which i had played since 5 years ago,very nostalgic yet when i played back,it feels like it is new as the graphics are still 10 stars,very well done on the game.
D J : I paid for premium the first time to continue where I left off and ended up paying again. Still I had to start from the beginning. I was charged twice for premium when I shouldn't have been
JoBug : Best game ever. Relaxing and entertaining. Paid the measly 2 bucks and opened up a world of possibilities. I don't think that there is a better game in its category. In a class by itself.
XBGamerX 20 : One of the best games ever which has amazing graphics. People should respect the creator who made a game like this and didn't put ads in it because 99% of today's apps have ads.
Global Travels : I liked the game but the most irritating part is that we again and again solve the same starting bcoz of the idiotic premium and I just cant cross the Checkpoint 7 there are square crystals coming from anywhere and the main issue is that if anything hits we lose Whole 10 BALLS And by hitting the crystals we only get 3 balls and by hitting the diamond 5 WHAT NONSENSE IS THIS I AM JUST GONNA DELETE THIS GAME NOW
Madiha Kashif : This game is great! It takes you through numerous levels and makes it more challenging after each level! Keep up the great work!
rafik Jesus : This is one of the best games I have ever played. It is amazing and no payment is needed. Awesome graphics plus it's offline so no ads. 10/10
Sk3LL0w 505 : One issue, the fact that you have to start from the beginning if you die. Unleeeess you give the Devs money. Wanna spend a couple bucks on a game you'll get bored of in a week? Well I don't.
Leo : It's a great game as long as you dont rage easily! And sure buying the premium was pretty annoying at first but it was worth it and it's a really good game.
Gokul Kumar : Awesome graphics with different themes of level. Totally 5/5. Its is also an stress decreasing game.
GrenDragon : I jad this game when I was like 8 and it was great then, but whats even better is that now many years later, J can still enjoy it! It's a great time killer that you can have fun with!
Olwethu Thandokazi Dalasile : The graphics of the game is amazing accident so I just want to do do Premium when I did premium it just took away with my money and didn't give me premium that I have to keep going and going and going I just do not like that so I'm I Give It 8/10 stuff for the graphics
Dawson Brunner : Fun I really liked the physics of it, but it got boring to go through the same areas over and over again.it would have been a very good as a procedurally generated game.
daxpro dudeyo : When I first played this game it was ok but then it then I realized you would need premium to access everything else such as different game modes check points but why not just do it for free oh wait I forgot every game always just cares about money not the game like EA
LoneWonder 2135 : this game is really persistent on getting into your wallets good game just need to drope the whole money thing i honestly enjoyed this game and i really enjoyed it would so recommend you play it and so far i experience no problems with it great game
Liz : This game has so many changing parts which makes it fun and not repetitive. I am also really addicted to this game.
Levi Paton : Super relaxing and fun. The graphics are amazing I think it would make the coolest VR game.
etee 808 : Phenomenal music production and ethereal levels taking you through a complex, yet relaxing journey, overall making a great gameplay experience!
Kurb 0 : In my opinion this is the best game on the app store, this game is purely skill based where you can get to the very start and end without paying a single dollar, for that simple reason I think think that this is the best game on the app store
Rahul Mohan : Always money matter... This suits to your app. REMOVE THE PREMIUM MODE. How long should we try from first. It's quite irritating to play rather than upgrading. Just uninstalling now..........
Sahil Shahanas : The game is good and all.. but starting from checkpoints require premium?? What is that? That is the only thing I hate about this game. Graphics is good.
Wendy : I love this game. I've been playing for a couple years and never tire of it. The sound effects are great, although sometimes I have to mute because it can get too intense. The only game I've ever paid for.
Bill : only 3 stars because you have to buy before you can start from checkpoints. Why don't you make it where you can go so many levels before you have to buy?
Joe : Please let me save my progress without paying. Otherwise - what is the point? I'm not asking for points or rewards, just a chance to progress, otherwise it's not a game, it's a scam.🤔
luigis armpit : Kind of fun but I don't want to buy "premium" for 3.00 just to start from checkpoints and basically anything besides the first level.
Jai Blackwell : This game is such a good game to have in your phone and why I'm saying this is because well 1. It's not that hard... Well just a little 2. It cures your bordem 3. When you get bored of the same old games you have well this game never gets old
Vallabh Shah : This game is super cool and very intresting. U should try u can keep continuing it. I tried it 1st time and loved it as when the first time u try it u can win it easily. My best game which i have played
Roger : I would rate a 5 out of 5 but I was thinking the people that make it to the endless level should get premium for free because it took me about 1 month to get to it then loose to restart so when you get to endless they should give you premium
Bala Sekhar Reddy : SUPER EXCITING GAME . HAVE SUPER FUN😊😀😁🙋❤❤👌. Every one should play this game . Who was played first time it a little bit hard after somewhat easy game. But also when we are going to upper level it is very difficult . I love this game this is the only game i have in my mobile. ☺😊😀😁😂😃😉😇😮😶😌😓🙇🙆👧👼❤❤❤❤💗💗👌👌👌👌 have fun by this game. Supeeeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr exciting game have a lottttttttttttttttttttttttt of fun and super coooooolest game with a little bit of tens.
K1LL3R P4ND4 : Been playing this game since I got my first iPod touch when I turned 13 and damn, its still a great game 🥲🥲 so aesthetically pleasing to shatter glass all day with the simple smooth cool colored graphics.
Kàmráñ Gãzñāfër : This game is just awesome and literally there is no flaws in this game 🎯.One thing which I was really disappointed about you have to make a purchaseotherwise when you die then the game will startyou wifrom the first point
Joshua James : This game is amazing.it physics are quiet realistic and it smooth and for every check point it comes with different soundtracks it worth my time
ishu jaiswal : I have purchased the premium version but when i try to continue from the checkpoint get premium tab pops up. The buy tab is just loading when i tap it nothing happens. What should i do now?
Patricia Archambault : I find it super satisfying to just throw giant metal balls at glass for some reason super calming the music is great and it's super cool with the graphics
Negative Thoughts : I really hate this game for the fact that you have to be premium to start back at a check point. When I paid for the premium it didn't register so I emailed the company and I didn't get emailed or called back.
A Google user : l just really really really!! love this game because its very challenging, great time killer, online free and very fun to play.
Rishita Kundu : This is really good game.. The game's graphics is awesome and the soundtrack is 🔥 🔥 🔥 mind blowing.. So that's why I give to douglas holmquist a lot of love. . I really love this game.. I appreciate everyone here who made this game..
Parikshit Mehta : U should try to make it free to have checkpoints. Otherwise there is no fun. As the game is the best game but checkpoints should be free.
Nikki Oshaw : I love this game I just wish that there were more levels on it cuz I've beat the game n it would be more fun if there were more levels added. Awesome game it just needs to be updated.
Keshab Agarwal : Amazing game that takes u through time,space,motion and lot more. It's a game about concentration and patience.
embeddedt : Good gameplay but the required payment for checkpoints is somewhat deceptive (it tells you to continue but then prompts you to buy premium).
ALPHA WOLF3 : Really fun game if you like the sound of breaking glass. also its a fun game if you are bord on the school bus or something. or in the car. really good game.
Jeff L : Omg, I've only been playing 4 a day and I'm COMPLETELY hooked. I play almost 24/7 now. Best game ever invented, most simulating, and overall The BEST GAME EVER. Keep it up the amazing work.
A Google user : Fun but there is to much stuff for premium such as checkpoints which is just dumb also I instead of buying premium for everything you could just play the game and complete challenges to unlock them
Neeraj Bansal : The graphics of this game is superb but the only problem is that when we get out in this game, so we have to start from begining rather than to start from that particular point from where we get out, so it's my humble request to discard the premium and so that we can start from the end point
Ruby Norman : such a great game. unique, great graphics, cool music, and really good levels. it's also cool that premium isn't expensive. i love it
Jaws : Fun, very fun the only thing thats annoying is that you do not start from the checkpoint unless you pay. Nethertgeless this is very relaxing and fun
Devonne Rica Ramas : I supposed to like it. I didn't pay for somethi'n but gosh. This app has many problems. Like i broke all the glasses yet my balls hot deducted and i started to 1 ball again. And i experienced it a lot😒
bruhmoment : This is a great game! A lot of people think this game is too hard but its good enough for any players who have great success. Also the game have great graphics too! This game should have a good rating.
A Google user : It is not very often that i can find a game that takes my whole attention. I am what they call A_D' H_D and bipolar , and it's hard to find a game that i c as n can sit and playfir hours and not get bored with after the first thirty minutes or so Iluv it
J Wohl : Excellent game. Ruined by the fact i have to have premium to start from checkpoints. Your not getting any $$$ out of me. And im sick of starting from beginning of game Everytime. UNINSTALLED!!!
jim okeeffe : This is a great shooting type game. It's exciting and tense makes you want to play again and beat your best score. Fun! at least for this senior citizen.
DDdlegend : strangley addicting... kind of annoying that you can't start from a checkpiont without paying for the full version... other than that I honestly love this game and don't know why
Carter Heath : I love how theres no ads it makes the experience alot better but the music is kinda slow but I have spotify so that's no problem
Udow Nomee : Most games are just a trend for me; I play them for a while and then I'm done with it. This game I keep coming back to, it's withstood the test of time. Quality design.
Charlene Belisle : Cool. Other than the fact that you have to have premium to start from checkpoints AND unlock other game modes, it's pretty cool 😎. P.S. I'm taking off a star because of that.
Alana : It's pretty straightforward and fun to play. Sometimes crashes, but totally worth the $1.99 for the full game. 👍
Veronica Minasyan : The graphics are really cool, and the idea is awesome. The only thing is that you have to pay for different game modes.
Nada Khaled : Hi my name is Nada Khaled . This game I Love it fust and fun and I won in it .😄 But it is so hard for the children like my brother he can't play this game because it is hard .😢 When I was younger I couldn't play it and when I have 6 year old I can't play it .😢 But now I have 8 year old l can play it for 1000000 times and I won 🥇. Thanks 😁
zie zie : I really like this app but I just completed the whole game and I really enjoyed but there's one thing I want you to add a new singleplayer mode I like it but if you add one I'll give it a five star it's also a fun game and change the app pic so I could know it's updated
jaeami zc : this app is very iritating without premium. i tried my best to save balls but im still losing it and suffering from crashes. This made me angry and while playing the game i give badwords to the owner. This game is likely to get roasted from a youtube roaster. ***please do not download this game***
Shannon : I loved this game. Really helped pass the time at my job, which has a lot of mind numbing downtime. I just wish they had more levels.
Roman Dunnihoo : This game is really fun! I love the simplicity, but it gets so stressful! XD my highest yet is level nine. I highly recommend it!
Okuhle Dhlamini : I saw this game from my uncle and I immediately enjoyed it. This game is amazing it makes you hit quickly and the infinity mode LOVE IT. And the graphics are out of this world 🤯. This game is 🔥🔥🔥
A Google user : Love it! Very entertaining and fun it keeps you away from your bordem which is awesome! Totally recommend it and I enjoyed it and I hope you enjoy it to!
Aleš Kreslin : Great game, but don't like the policy about having to buy the game to use my own accomplished checkpoints! Really?!! That's why it isn't worth more than 2 stars. I uninstalled the game right after I found out this.
Scyco Gamerz : Nice game I reccomment to download this game because it is one of the challangable and hardest game. It's graphics is future based. But I'll give a suggestion to the owner of this game that please give any update in the game. So, thanks for making this game. I'm just playing.
M Sai Sumedha : It was a good game but the reason I gave it 4 stars was because every time we lose we have to start all over again 😭 and to continue from the same distance we have to buy a premium pack..😒😣😠😤
Lacy Pick : it is a very fun game and I love it also for everyone out there you need to listen to the song panic room it is an amazing song.😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩😍🤩oh also I believe in god oh sorry for all of the extra stuff but the song is amazing and so is the game I am down loading it right now but I have had it on a different phone
Leo Tom : Good game with amazing sound and visual effects. Not even a single ad. But if you want to play it properly you should buy premium.
Xennon : The app is great for wasting time when you're traveling and the music is so Beautiful. Soundtrack when?
Karalynn : there should not be a premium it should just be a normal game where u play it and not have to pay money, if anything take off premium and add more ads when you are out of balls.
lil babie : i absolutely love this game, it's the only one i ever get really into. its like my addiction once i start playing. i don't have premium but i kinda like starting from the beginning each time.
Neelam Singh : Nice graphics and sound effects Actually pretty good and recommendable... One thing, if I want to resume from my last reached highscore I'll have to buy the premium pack....
Xclipse : Well this game ideally addictive and fun but you have to pay to respawn at checkpoints? Really? If this is changed then five stars straight out of the pocket
Dreadgem123 : The game is really Really fun and frustrating. I like this type of game because it gives me a hard yet fun challenge.
The Happiest Yoshi : This game is NOT for the casual players at all! Which I like because it means that this game is not easy. For me at checkpoint 9, it feels like PURE PAIN. 5 stars!
Kelly Thompson : i feel like as if its pay to win or to have more fun. it would be a better game if you didnt have to pay to get more modes. if there was in game money hat you could earn that would make it better
Bradford Bunch : I enjoyed the demo so I bought the full version and it still won't let me experience the full game. This is a disappointment considering I still can't play despite me buying the full game and wasting my money.
Tian Little : I bought this game a year ago for premium. It's keeps the distraction going. However, I just reinstalled and my premium and scores are gone.
B0NK CHONK : so you have to buy a pass just to go back to your own check point, I got really far but then died and it said "start from your check point" then as I tapped that it said to pay for check points. horrible game
caca catastrophe : Checkpoints don't work unless you pay. This seems to happen across all of this developer's games, which is a shame since the concepts are really cool.
A Google user : I love this game so much its so fun to play and its challenging if your looking for a game that is simple and challenging look no further!!!
Chris Meloche : I love breaking things in games, and seeing the obstacles break apart looks funny! And this gave me so many memories!
Nitokris, The Blackpilled : I have this on my phone and my tablet, but it's easier to play on my tablet because the screen orientation makes it awkward to play on anything that isn't a flat surface.
Molly Sandera : I really like the atmosphere of the game. And the gameplay itself. It's very good, i will definitely purchase the premium version once i can
shyhero 18 : Very fun and relaxing, but it's annoying that you can't save your check point unless you pay. Other than that it's really fun
Aj Mark : It is super awesome and very friendly and has the best soundtrack and quite difficult but you can get through it. 😜
Gabby : Bruh the fact that you have to pay for almost 100% of the things on this game sucks,that's why this game is so damn boring and sometimes the controls are unresponsive. Only thing I enjoyed was the graphics.
Poop Mcdoop : I played this game years ago and its one of my nostalgic core memories because of how good the graphics and music is. I forgot about it untill recently and now it calms me everyday i play it.
Arador Myth : graphics are really grate, and the game is also really challenging making it really fun to play.
Mehbooba Rashid : Its very nice game for time pass every buddy should play , but if I reach checkpoint 4 I was out of balls it asks for money to start from there....will be waiting patiently for answers..
Ashish Barua : You are not playing full version in classic mode i play long bit when i go to other mode they are showing get premium i am very dissatisfied only one level free very poor game.
Lisha Garg : It's a graphic game.New checkpoints is interesting and collecting all the cone by hitting ball is really amazing and unbroken the glass is dangerous for us.
Dominus Hacker : Ok THIS IS THE BEST GAME (apart from roblox) I HAVE EVER PLAYED!! I love that there are no ads so u can just keep playing... constantly. Its my first day playing and i already think that it is awesome. Five stars⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️
Franklin Eke : A really good game. Want to see more of these kinda games👍 Good job to the creator. I had this game a lot of years ago. Glad to finally finish the levels. 🎉
Adebanjo Boluwatife : Love the game. I want to pay for premium. I have added my card to Google but whenever i tap on get premium, it kept loading never to load anything. Pls help!
michelle powers : I think this game deserves to stars because whenever I hit a checkpoint it makes me look at the premiums but I don't want to I just want to play the game and I want to go on every level but it won't let me unless I get the premium.😤😤😤😠😠😠😡😡😡
Syed Bukhari : It's absolutely amazing. It's really good but I think that you can make it that u can earn 1 free checkpoint amazing game super fun and I love it.
brianna moore : This is my FAVORITE game! Love it. It has great graphics, doesn't need WIFI, and has very simple game play. Now I can't put my phone down!
Walker 2020 : I love the game,mainly the things you have to do,collect and destroy or push. I've loved the game so can you please update the game,it would mean alot.
Zoie LaMure : The game is simple, and so much fun! It can be both challenging, stimulating, and oddly relaxing. I love it!
Noob GaMeR : fun game not just another generic game that comes along as ush. could use an ad checkpoint start and some 10 balls to make it more interesting. keep up the good work guys
a random artist : What the hell medicore!!!??? Are you serious!?? Are you trying to scam people for just a simple game!!??? Lazy people will literally need to pay for every thing, the will only have a penny left in thier bank account. And you even need to pay for training. And other versions of the game like multiplayer, endless and even for continuing until where you lost your balls. I was so mad i want to slap the owner right now!
Adriana Gonzalez : My son loves this game. He downloaded it on my phone without me knowing, but I had to approve of it first. I played one round and I kept the game on my phone. Every now and then, I play it to. Still, really fun. Mediocre, I approve this game and message.
Adrian M : Good game. Crazy graphics and detail, music and sound effects are great.
[TMLX]lego builder1432 : This game is amazing and satisfying for the people complaining about the ads you can turn off you internet an dplay it passes time when your are board and ne personally think this is a very good game you should get if you are looking for internment 10/10 much live to the creators for making this awesome game.
Donna Renner : I've been playing this game for about 4 or 5 years and several phones later. Love this game!! Beautiful graphics! Easy to play! THANKS!
KRS : the soundtrack is amazing and it is a great offline game no ads but you do have to purchase certain thibgs but they are optional i suggest this to anyone who is bored
Arrow Fox : I can't believe I haven't reached at this game sooner after playing it for almost 2 years. I would have rated 5-star but the only thing I'm disappointed about is that you have to pay to be at where you left off.
A Google user : 👿😡I have completed this game until 6th check point. I wanted to continue but this game is asking premium and made me sad. But the premium did not work foolish game don't like this game bcoz of premium. And the levels are too hard.😡😡This game needs more improvement.
Ricardo Pino : Game needs to be fix sometimes you don't even see the glass coming down and you are already basically already going trhu when glass is coming back down but you never have the time to break it because it comes out of nowhere.
Julian Scott : Game just constantly crashes now and I can't ever get into playing it, I made it to stage 11 but I just can't stand the constant message that the game isn't responding
Rat bro : This game is really boring. Plus I keep ok accidentally clicking the ball pack, and to continue from where you started you have to pay.
A Google user : Fully maked and designed with great graphics very nice gameplay while iam going on it is very interesting but paid those sounds are like scientific sounds seems game is very fast and nice even my sister also likes going on this game is very viral in public what a good game i loved it thanks to mediocre company so frends glad you like this game
Sba Matsa : It's a dope game.. super entertaining...however please add more levels... as in more checkpoints. Coz I feel lie a pro in this game and has become less exciting for me.. So please... new levels !!!!!
Paul Mattackal : This game is really fun and hard. It tests my brain a lot. The graphics and music are superb . You have to download this game
Yasmin Rosalina : The best game ever ! Great graphics,great backsound and no ads. Overall,I love it.
Pina Shah : It is very interesting game. It also increase your concentration. But premium game should not in this and other maps would available for everyone. It is a very nice game
Jyoti Asrani : Just paid for the premium version. The money got charged to the account but the game mode didn't change to premium. Advise?
Amazing AK : It's a really great must have game I totally recommend it But i wish the zen mode and the other ones get unlocked after you finish the classic mode
DahliaSepulveda &RobertDowdell : Its a cool game and all and I love it, you can smash glass and you can level up and all the graphics are so good....In all its good game ans you should try it out!
the_puzzle _solver : It's fun. But don't play if you have anger issues. I can't pass it. I have to pay way to much to continue from a check point. Why not watch an add? That would be much better.
The Hazardous One : One of the most relaxing and fun offline games ive ever played. Really good if you have some downtime and you dont wanna play an online game.
Typh Argh : Bought premium, got confirmation of charge, but does not register in the game and keeps prompting me to rebuy the premium version. Please refund my money.
Edmar Sululu : Great game, great graphics, great controls but, the lack of uptades is a huge problem!
MarveyBoii : the game is great I recommend it for people who are having a hard time just like me I never get to play Xbox because my brother always complained so when I always get angry I play it's a really good game for concentration
Tasleema Akhter : This is very good game and it's sound is really good but day by day it appears to have very difficulties but it good. More eventually for people that love break glass...
Evelinv381 Vasquez : A classic. used to play this a few years ago and I was absorbed in its gameplay.. music and everything about this game is super good!!!! 10/10 must install
C K Mallick : It was amazing and very addicting The sound effects and graphics are awesome But why the microtransactions? Stop em!!!!!
June Hayes : Awesome game u wanna break things come get this game it is the best game ever and very calming but buying premium is just nonsense Why cant we just watch and ad that gives another chance this game has no ads actually such a great game I love it!!!!!!
Fritz Lorilla : It's so good it feels good but there is too much ads about premium and there is limited to do do too. You need to get premium before you can fully enjoy the game .
Somya Senapati : excellent one. i havent seen a game using time in such a great way.perfect coordination of speed,time distance.
Tyler Hudson : Smash hit is a really relaxing game to play. Performance is really good, optional modes are fun to replay. To the devs, you guys rock!
mcpsych : I rarely pay money for a game. But, I like this one so much that I bought premium within the first 15 minutes of playing. Highly recommend trying this one out!!
Uttam garud : Hi this game is very nice only my problem is when I'm tapping at the door button it's not throwing balls and when I get multiball it disappears pls fix this bug like the game a lot pls remove the bug love the game :)
Mary Goertzen : It's a good game but I bought premium twice and it still didn't allow me to start off from the checkpoint I last ended at. Please fix this damn problem!
Cpt. Apollo : Seriously one of the best games of all time! If you look at games these days they're all just repetitive, full of ads, and boring. This is why this game is a masterpiece
Maria Marpossa : Hands down one of the stupidest game I've ever played no fun I run out of balls and I've seen more realistic glass braking in real life the pieces are big chunky and ugly looking glass breaks into small pieces 🤣 anyway this was a waste of time and idk why Im bothering reviewing it was that boring.
xabeerx : i love this game but i just wish that u didn't have to start from the beginning EVERY TIME. If u want to start from a checkpoint u have to buy the premium.... but the game is still good
xiang jun Zu : Not very good. I try to hit the crystals bot the balls f***ingly missed them. Everytime I hit the moving glass or whatever it is, I hit it, but it came up unexpectedly and made me lose 10 balls.
John Simon A. Villarosa : it's nice, but there is no more levels that can enjoy, you need to get the premium before you can enjoy other thrill of the game. But it's a nice game to be honest.
Reddy Guy : Why the hell do you need a premium in this game?just let the premium be free its very frustrating when you are about to beat the game and the something happens its ver y annoying please make the premium free i would rate it 4 if it was free
1234 gam3r : Not worth it because it needs you to pay to access the modes and to start from the last checkpoint.
Keturah Davis : Not even worth downloading. You can only get so far before they ask you to pay for the rest of the game. They only let you get as far as a certain checkpoint. After that, they'll always take you back to that same checkpoint when you run out of balls. If you don't pay for the rest of the game. So you're there playing focused on your game and you get so far to a checkpoint and it tells you they won't save it unless you pay. So now you have to go ALL THE WAY BACK to that SAME "CHECKPOINT".
Raees Azam : This game is awsome but when we lost our balls it feels like or littel bit of me in desperation and this is why I like this game in 5.golden stars I like this game because it develop the tension to win and go to level above 5. Thanks
M. Farel Halevi randhika : The graphic is amazing but I have to get the premium to get to my checkpoint I have to start at level 1 it's frustrating
Parents Dellas : the graphics were the best ive seen in any gome i love every thing about it except the checkpoints being olny able to uese if you have premum pass and a lot of kids don't have enough money to buy premum and in that case t might as well uninstall it with a bad revew }:(
Leeis : Very addictive game, but too many other awesome features are premium, making it repetitive after a while.
NAZ IVAN IBARRIENTOS : Even though this app is pending now in my phone im realy sure that this game is super cool and my friends say that the sound is so satisfying. I super reccomend this game to all of you guys its ao fun to play.
Harley Hefley : It's a great game. But I don't think eny game diverse 5 stars. But its a really fun game. Especially when it when it gets fast. And it's really relaxing and calm 😌.
Mariyam Mallick : the best game i have ever played till now very good very best game u must play 5is the graphics are good the game is very good on graphics the game is very perfect and actually very helpful in refreshing your mood while doing anything................................................................................................................................... ......................................................................................................................................
Cambrea Coleman : OMG...............The game literally makes me shake really hard. But the reason I put four starts is because when you die y'all don't put watch ad and that makes me mad, but I shouldn't be mad because there is no ads at all.🙃
Rukhsar Ahmed : This is a nice game whenever I play this game I have a lot of fun and I think this is a best game for me and everybody should try this was my review but also this is a good game like I always pass through level 5 but what happens out of the balls and sometimes I take the X the multiple balls option and that so far I just have fun doing this I just love this game this is very very very good this is a fun book for me and I think for you all everybody should write this refund or and thumbs up this was a nice game and I have a lot of fun doing this game and my half of the families and my cousins play this day give me idea to play and this was awesome game thank you this was my review
cake pop : sometimes the controls get glitches but it's an ammmmaaaaazinggg game to play and when u play it's like everything is focused on the screen that I have to win it?I have a question how many stages r there in this game? cos I think its endless
Prateek Negi : I have paid the amount for premium version but didn't get premium version even though the amount has been deducted from account. Please look into the matter and revert ASAP.
Mohamed Rushdy : This game is very nice if you paid for the premium version but very exhasting in free version as you will have to start from the very beginning if you lost 😪
Daniela C. Kitty : I love the game just I don't like how if you don't have premium you can't continue to the next level and if you can fix that please but either way great game
kartheek : Very nice game....keeps on going.....no end for it....as much as u play.....best part Is, there r no ads....why 4 stars means they can improve d game by competing it with other players al over d world by creating groups or something like dat
Enrico Petrò : I love this game, challengive and funny at the same time, keep the mind on ready to go, the money request to unlock the full version are really worthy
A Google user : Most of the experience is behind a reasonably priced pay wall, but even the base game is great on it's own.
A Google user : It is really amazing sometimes when I'm already near the glass wall and it got some sharp edge I can of imagine that "I will get a wound" but in reality it's just nothing.
KAMAL CHUNDAN : Awesome game but very limited if you do not PAY for the full game. Should also have some other Gems you could hit to use like a super weapon for a few seconds or so
A Google user : It is amazing!! Perfect graphics, perfect levels and perfect time killer!!
Rongkimm Soh : I really really love this game since 2017 its amazing good graphics good control ...but the problm is when die we have to start from the first level...
Minou Playz : best game ever, challenging levels, amazing design. i hope i get the enough money to buy the premium content
michael hill : Mesmerizing! Puts you in the zone and makes the time fly by. Normally I don't pay for games, but I didn't hesitate to buy the premium version for this. I know I'll get my money's worth out of my $2!
Dana Frazier : I love this game but oh my god it is way to easy to restart like I can be really far without premium and restart PLEASE make an are you sure? warning I am going insane because of it.
junior gaming bros : I've been playing this game for almost 5 years now and it's still fun and it's my go to app on my phone mostly because I dont get bombarded by ad's it's fun to play it while music or a podcast in the background
