 if only you can meet up with people that you met in the part right after the starting bit but other wise it's a good game update(i if you can now but when i played you could not),0
 this game is very calm and amazingly fun to play  i already enjoyed myself playing this game for a minute or two. i reall recommend people to play this game. it has nice graphics you get to see other players and unlock friendship and you get to explore other worlds.,1
 i can't open my sky because it crashes everytime i open it after update  please fix it fast devs! since feb 24 and i didn't even recieve compensation.,0
 omg! this game is awesome i play everyday continuosly for 3 hour. this game have fantastic story with high graphics & music .,1
 fun to play with friends and nice sceneries but  the video recording button in-game doesn't work on android(with clean scenery like ios),1
 beautiful graphics. cute stuff. but struggle to get a lots of heart and candles  bcz need to farming,1
 very entertaining and fun to play through. you're able to make goals to save up for capes and there's seasons that last up to 2-3ish months at a time with daily missions to earn candles. there's a huge amount of emotes and socializing with other players is easy and fun. you can hold hands with other players and sit on their shoulders. the story is really charming and the customization is great!!,1
 this is the most beautiful game i've played in my life. it brings me a sense of inner peace and every world makes my soul sing with joy. the music is great  the animation is magnificent  the flying mechanics are easy to learn  and the story itself feels like something out of a whimsical fairy tale. this is definitely a game you should play if you want to escape the stress of the real world.,1
 plsss fix your game i cannot enjoy playing anymore because the game won't run smoothly in my mobile phone device and i can't enjoy the game anymore... it's so sad because i like this game but can't enjoy it plsss fix it,0
 awesome game are the visuals are stunning. for real they're the best graphics i've ever seen on an android,1
 great sensory game. audio visual and sensational integrated. so love it,1
 still a 1 star for me. the game is good but everytime  i had a hard time connecting to the server even thought my internet signal is good.,0
 i love it  good story and great graphics  but i think increasing the resolution is a good idea,1
 i love this game it's so cute yo i just got done playing and i was awesome this game is so good you guys did so good on it the game it's just so wonderful tbh youtubers should play this and if anyone else is thinking about getting this game ....get it you won't be disappointed ,1
 i'm giving a four because i want to get some cool stuff without the pass. please let more things be available without the pass.,1
 some of the statues in eden doesn't have a button to give them your winged light. additional  i can't log innnnnnn  it keep saying i don't have internet connection this is so nakakairita,0
 likes + ,1
 really good  sometimes i wish i could play without people. i wish that this would be on playstation or xbox,1
 the game is very relaxing  and beautiful the lore here is through the roof! i play the game daily hope the updates never end! edit,1
 great game! i love everything about it and the first flight is always so magical! i removed a star from my original review cuz there was a glitch in eden where after everyone died i just started zooming into the sky then it froze and i'm kinda mad about that cuz now i gotta do it again ,1
 i loveeee sky is really light and really asome  but the only bad thing is the split of server but everything else is all realy amazing. i realy enjoy playing this game ,1
 i love this game so so much!! though the bugs are frustrating  i don't really care that much hahahahaha,1
 5 star game  the graphics and story is amazing and i love the whole vibe of it  but after a while it's repetitive  i only get on to grind  there's no more joy in exploring and it's just boring   i wish there was more to do then just grind for candles but it's still an amazing game,1
 the best game i've ever played  and i've been playing for a year now. definitely a 20/10. edit,1
 it's so beautiful to play. the music is good the characters are cute and the gameplay is sooo fun!!!,1
 the game has been crash seen latest version for few days now starting from the double candle event so far i had lost 30 seasonal candle is hurt...,0
 really nice game! love the gameplay feel and also the designs for characters.,1
 this is such a wonderful game! it's easy to make friends and i love the graphics ,1
 this is the most cutest and 2nd greatest game i've ever played ,1
 i can't seem to get into the game cause it always say retry my connection or something  but my internet is fine though.,0
 ts prices are too high  cosmetics are expensive  does not listen to community feedback and caters towards senior players and those financially comfortable,0
 eh... too much bugs to fix  it's always happen all the time so annoying.,0
 problematic controls ruin the experience  i am experiencing sudden spins or camera rotations. also sometimes the camera orientation becomes unresponsive.,0
 absolutely love this game! the community is amazing and the world is open-map  the whole game and its premise is stunning,1
 this game was amazing the graphics of the game is sooooo good the storyline is beatiful and the players are so nice best game ever!!!!,1
 this a aaa rated game what a wonderful wholesome game it is!!! graphics is good too well everyone should try this game out.,1
 don't delete my review  there is a new bug that causes the android 8 players to crash every realm except eden  fix it already  it's been weeks  we can't farm candles,0
 very lovely game. amazing visuals. weird devs and strange company that ignores beta and releases all bugs to live. could live with it sometimes. nice graphics and music.,1
 such a beautiful game with beautiful graphics. soothing music. work of art.,1
 the is a bug where there is no sound at all i have tried everything turn up the volume and everything i could but i can't hear anything so... please fix this,0
 this mobile game is absolutely epic especially if you have good headphones. completely superior to your average mobile game.,1
 this game made me so relaxed when i first joined sky. its a lovely beautiful place to make friends collect cosmetics and play musical instruments!,1
 yet to understand what this game is! though graphics are absolutely phenomenal.,1
 i usually wouldn't leave reviews  let alone 5 star reviews  but this game is way better than i thought it would be. it's music is also amazing ,1
 it's the best game ever i never get board it's free and paid too but free items also are so awesome 50% paid 50% free i love this game!,1
 the ending literally made me tear up. this is one of the best kobile games  hands down.,1
 this is so much fun. i play this game so much and i have so many memories of playing this with my friends and having a great time. 10/10 would recommend!!!!,1
 since the new update for the christmas event  it's been hard to log in the game. it keeps getting errors and leaving me in loading screen. i have to restart and open the app again to get in. please fix this.,0
 this game is so beautiful. wow i can really see the energy put into it. really amazing stuff from the animation to environment design. plus super amazing ux,1
 this game is so peaceful and the graphics are very beautiful thank you for fixing the bug tgc!,1
 absolutely amazing and wonderful...i have no words to describe. i feel more calm and relaxed while playing this game.,1
 sky  brought you by the amazing developers behind journey. this is yet another breathtaking game  with amazing graphics  unique storyline and creativity! thank you.,1
 a wonderful  beautiful game with stunning graphics and a friendly community.,1
 really cute game. not too hard  but also challenging if you want it to be,1
 game is just amazing!!i love charachter designs and graphics.music in this game is everything!! its fun to play with friends and it never gets boring!!its amazing i recommend it!!,1
 would be nice if you guys could really add something to bring a some joy in this game cuz it's the same thing over and over again with each update.,0
 thos is a really cool and relaxing game  i love the story and the sounds are amazing,1
 beautiful game please make interest and update more unlock more stages and create more places because it's very nice game,1
 this game has such an amazing graphics and story. really enjoyed playing it,1
 one of the best exploration games ever. heartwarming and simply beautiful,1
 amazing graphics minus the few bugs but overall it's a great game,1
 its rlly fun. soundtrack is soothing. its a relaxing adventure game ,1
 good graphics and cute  100% should try out if ya like calm games with great music,1
 worse game i've ever played most of times you will end up with watching animations only,0
 personally i admire this game for. it is very chilling.the music too is just amazing,1
 graphic glitches and low performance on the s22 ultra the game is also very blurry on android,0
 it's the best open world game it's so peaceful and for making new friends,1
 i appreciate every single work in this amazing game!! i can say it's the best game ever that i downloaded from play store everything is so good !!,1
 it's so beautiful  great sound effects  great scenes,1
 a very fun and free running game. absolutely love it.,1
 i've been playing daily for nearly two years. i've never loved a game more. it's my safe place.,1
 very good game the background sound was to smooth and th character development was cute,1
 the game really does seem  like a lot of fun  i have only started playing sky  but i'm looking forward to seeing new sights.,1
 it's very relaxing and the graphics are great,1
 thank you for creating this game i love it so much and the places are just pretty well made,1
 this is the cutest game i've ever played!!! i really love the animation,1
 honestly iove this game and the fact it has cross save with the switch is beautiful,1
 the perfect game to play with strangers! no matter how bad and evil you are or elegant and brave nothing changes,1
 it is a very nice game love the story line everyone must play it it worths all the data u spend,1
 i love the graphic  story  anything in this game is amazing!!!,1
 this game has helped me through some really challenging times mentally. it's very peaceful and has some really good energy. personally  i recommend it if you're looking for something that makes you feel good and warms your heart.,1
 this game has better graphic  and a lof of hidden place to explore  i like this,1
 i love this game. it's creative  calming  fun  friendly and social. it's a game i can only recommend to people curious enough to explore this world and its beautiful asthetics and art. it was an easy 5 stars ,1
 this game is amazing it is beautiful and just amazing i cant say anything bad about this game.,1
 has a calm theme  good for people who are into adventure games. nice music too.,1
 this game is so beautiful and cute! the entire time i was playing  the only thing i could think was "wow look at that!" everything is well done. the music fits every area perfectly  the esthetics are amazing  the sound effects are fluid  and the multiplayer is better than many pc games. best part is  the community is incredibly welcoming and supportive. thank you thatgamecompany <3,1
 best game i have played in a long time...great graphics...get to visit absolutely beautiful places...love the storyline & it's very challenging...wish i were a beta tester for this game ...that's how much i enjoy it..thanks,1
 surprised this is free to play. the game design  the mechanics and the level progression everything is done to perfection.,1
 im disappointed by this game they give me the bugs a week more they're not even giving me compensation like i cant even buy the limited stuff even though i already bought theiradventure pass wasting my time,0
 an android masterpiece  one of the best experiences that a game gave to me in 10 years.,1
 it's so good  the graphics  the lore  and the gameplay it's so good,1
 oml i love this game srsly  beautiful imagery and details  calming music and sound effects and you can play with friends. not to mention smooth movements and easy controls. 100% recommend,1
 after update  my server always error and to many bugs. always get out the game!! ;(,0
 this is a good game  i like the story and it has a pretty sick graphics for a low end device,1
 this is a very relaxing game with beautiful graphics  music  and story.,1
 if you want to have a relaxing time playing an adventure game with cute items and graphic i highly recommend,1
 very beautiful game! although there some slip-ups with the flying  but i enjoy it overall!,1
 this game is my new favorite! i love it so so much there are some minor bugs but otherwise it is awesome!!,1
 i like the game because it's really amazing. because all those ghosts and new upgrades winging powers.,1
 greatest game everrr!!! there are no bugs the graphics are grea,1
 such good graphics very good detailed game really interesting makes you feel very concentrated and its quite peaceful and relaxing,1
 tried to sign up  but the game is having server issues. y'all need to upgrade lol,0
 this is an amazing game.. it can calm down a person a lot and the soothing music of it is amazing..,1
 this is a masterpiece  a game unlike anything else. it blows my mind that a mobile game could be so good. first of all is 100% free  +no ads this just shows how much passion and love was put to this game! the graphics and the music are just breathtaking it could easily be a pc or console game. plus the "social features" add a whole other level to this game. it is heavy tho and poor devices will lag a lot. for me the lag is minimal but still there  tho i would be surprised if it wasn't.,1
 its absolutely breathtaking. you want art and relaxation? this is it. honestly i've never seen a 3d game a cinematic as this one. everything looks so good. so far the theme is also intriguing. now for the controls  they are still a bit hard to manipulate for precise maneuver. and theres a sort of co-op component  but communication is really hard. i hope they set a friend system so.,1
 this game is a masterpiece. the music  graphic  gameplay  story are all great and even better when combined together  i recommend everyone to give it a try. however there are still some issues,1
 a masterpiece. the graphics are stunning  each frame of gameplay looks cinematic. i also like the interaction that you can have with other players. cons ,1
 absolutely love this game! the graphics and music are amazing and the storyline is captivating 100/100 update,1
 i love it! this game is incredibly well made; from the stunning graphics to the overall game play  sky,1
 the game gas great graphics  it's probably one of the best i've played on mobile. i only have one problem,1
 start with the major downsides. you can't play with your iphone friends. there are bugs that leads to losses of an extremely limited resources which you cannot recover. else,0
 this is game is so cute and aesthetic ,1
 i do like the graphics  cool character outfits and all the expressions. it's a sooth and relaxing game. there are still many things to do with friends even though you explore the whole map  reborn many times  got alot of candles and start fooling around with the dragon and all. overall  it's a nice game. but i noticed that the price of some specific items keeps raising across time  not affordable(with my condition). it would be lovely if they were cheaper. ,1
 a beautiful game  it has a heartfelt environment and immersive gameplay. edit,1
 one of the best mobile games i have played so far. really well executed. the gameplay evokes a sense of mystery and exploration. you get to meet players from world over and there is a sense of cooperation and helping each other out which is great. at times one does feel a little lost but then it feels like a part of the game. nothing pushing you to rush anywhere yet you want to explore more and more. thank you for this. and guess what  no ads... ,1
 it was a fun game to experience and explore but the storyline is really lacking. it very hard to interpret what the story is. the controls are not as tight with flight being very hard to steer at times. it's not made clear that once you get to edan  it's a total restart. you loss all your wings. there really isnt a reason to continue playing once you reach the end because it's just a repeat of a short game with cosmetics for your character. it's very beautiful and the music is amazing.,1
 4.5/5 the game controls are fairly well developed - there are occasional glitches that occur but nothing that takes away from the overall experience. the quests keep you on your toes but sometimes it can be a chore... i'm still rather invested in the game because the visuals are absolutely fantastic and i would highly recommend this to anyone who enjoys discovery-type games!,1
 great music  great controlls. the reason i deducted the stars are  story is ambiguous. no voice-overs  no story  not sure what to do  not sure where to go  monsters!! really?? in this game! worlds are good  customization is limited. i give you 100 points for effort and music composition. looking forward to more games from you.,1
 the game is a bit glitchy when flying and avoiding rocks in eden which makes it hard to control or get away fast. had a few problems with certain gates not downloading and had to re-install the game quite a few times for it to eventually work. lovely story! i'll definitely keep playing it. enjoyed playing journey on the ps4 so hopefully this game will also be added to the playstation store sometime in the future.,0
 probably the best mobile game you'll find right now  minimal to no ads  really good graphics and beautiful sound design. sometimes you don't know what's going on and that's the beauty of it  it reminds me of journey  you may not know where you're going but the places you visit along the way are amazing. the only real 'problem' is that there's a tiny bit of lag and the graphics go down for budget phones  but with a game as ambitious as this  that's only expected,1
 fantastic game honestly. there's something for everyone. sky has puzzles  exploration  both peaceful and exciting moments  mystery and intrigue  lovely music and beautiful open maps on which to play. the best part is that even after "completing" the game  there's still more fun to be had what with periodic events. occasionally things get a bit buggy but these issues are mild  temporary  and largely overshadowed by the game's appeal. it really is a game for all different types of people.,1
 not to complicated. good quality game. with easy and difficult levels.,1
 this game is amazing and i love it.it has a very nice vibe to it i wonder what happened to badland2 anyone remember it?if you can bring back the game it would be appreciated,1
 exceptional experience  real and good fun  definitely worth the price. a few minutes of joy with friends and family is priceless,1
 it's very entertaining and all  but the ads get on my nerves! honestly!!!,1
 love it. boy it makes me laugh and same times i want to launch my tab . perfect lol,1
 absolute trash can  you can only play like 20 levels out of 400 and then the rest you have to pay nearly five dollars...,0
 i used to play this all the time with family and we loved playing it. over all the game is perfect and awesome.,1
 i really like this game  it had so many ways to be the best like theres a lot of strategizing involved  that being said it's really good overall good job,1
 tooooo many ads. i cant enjoy this game without being asked to pay after every level.,0
 play a game  lose a match  had to watch ads forcefully....ads with 30 seconds without skip,0
 when you pay to remove ads  it actually removes all ads. kudos.,1
 it has amazing graphics. i need badaland 2 3 4 5 6 etc . i am waiting for more levels nd graphics,1
 simple stunning graphics  simple stunning controls  simply perfect gameplay,1
 too many traps. stuck at the lasts level. only the developer can win this game.,0
 its a realy hood game,1
 i loved this game a lot... it's a single player and single finger game but this game is just unbelievable... everyone must try this game....,1
 the most family friendly game even with so many deaths involved. forever best game~,1
 badland is very nice game i recommend you also download this game and play this game graphics is insane and the controls are pretty challenging,1
 creative and clever level design. simple fun with beautiful visuals and rich atmosphere,1
 love this game.. frustrating as hell  but love it for it..,1
 there are too many add while playing the game. overall game experience is good but adds ruin it totally,0
 there are to many ads in this game  its either watch all these ads or buy our premuim  you dont want our premium? well watch these ads then.,0
 there's like 4 levels unless you upgrade to premium sucks and was a waste of time,0
 im not one to criticize ads but seriously at least let me exit out  if the ads are gonna be that frequent let people exit out. please fix it,0
 this game is amazing. i had it a while back on my old phone and the atmosphere along with just a fun game makes this overall great,1
 maybe i'm missing something but with no controller it doesn't play well. also it was a bit boring.,0
 i am so glad that i already played and finished this game years ago when these people were not greedy for money..... your ads suck.,0
 osam i like this game so much ..its a very good game i had ever plaid .... thanku thos who made this game.. the graphic was so beautyfull and i like the beautyfull back ground sound ...,1
 one of the best two players i've ever played good control and graphics,1
 full of lag and bug   specially on lazers. my phone is galaxy s10 it doesnt have any problem but on this game my phone get freezed o dont know whats the probleb but i hope they fix it beacause its great game.,0
 too much ads and you can't even skip them,0
 you can not get any achievements on google play games unless you are connected to internet! and when you are connected to the internet badland becomes ad-land!,0
 it is vary fun and i like how you can make your own and over all it is a good game.,1
 this is my childhood. game soo i want it too try again and it was still fun as always,1
 ads!! if there wasnt ads so often it would be perfect.,0
 too much ads every time i die there's a 15 second ad and i'm not that good so its annoying,0
 amazing game. love the graphics  gameplay  and aesthetic.,1
 this game is worth the size of 100+ mb its feel veary good whike playing it  and i'm running on 833.3mb ram tablet and its amazing  keep the work up creators!,1
 brilliant nice very hard for everyone but if you try this game then you feel like the game is easy  so try it,1
 best game ever...too hard but too good... just wonderful... i installed 6-7 games but i didn't like them...but i am really impressed by this game...superb...,1
 a very good game but too much ads but it is a very good game after all it is the free version,1
 best game i've ever had in my whole life the graphics is so amazing!!!!!,1
 just takes me to a black screen where i can't do anything but listen to the main menu music,0
 i absolutely love it  as well as me and my brother can play it together and we are always having so much fun and laugh!,1
 there are some levels which are super hard and most are just super easy,1
 this game is amazing great graphics levels and really fun to play keep up the good work,1
 i love this game so much the quality is amazing and the levels get harder and harder i play this game every day and never get bored! great jod developer it is amazing,1
 is it a game or what .. so many ads... we can't play continuously without getting unskippable ads,0
 perfect couch multiplayer game  with support of multiple controller on a single phone.,1
 this is a very good game if you considering to buy the full game you should.,1
 unique and very interesting game + challenging,1
 i like the game very much the smootheness of graphics is superb.keep going developers.,1
 this game is exceptional it's simple calm and relaxing it's a distressor and a anxiety releaser.,1
 addictive game if you have been a fan of classic flappy bird. this feels like flappy bird 50.0,1
 i really like the forest and the adventure in the game in the unknown creatures it really brings out the name of the game badland,1
 this game is great i can get frustrated at times but once you beat it then you just have to move on to the next,1
 badland was an amazing experience. me and my so have spent many days playing this fantastic game in co op on our nvidia shield,1
 it is very very hard game super game i only completed day one it should be game of the year and it is not like pubg it's multiple super,1
 cool but u need to pay for playing other days and u cant play multiplayer or world levels because of that ads,0
 this is one of the first mobile games i've ever played  and it still holds up years later. definitely earned my money,1
 four long adds between each lvl  would have been a good game but completely ruined by adds,0
 ah  the nostalgia. this game is still very fun to play with friends.,1
 wonderful game.nice graphics.simple controls.soothing background music great experience.,1
 i love the controls  its veru simple and fluid. weldone developers plus its beauitful.,1
 this game is great  it's very soothing and the art is great  i'd recommend it to anyone~,1
 its got a really good indie atmosphere and its just relaxing game. good job.,1
 don't waste your time with the free version all you do is get spammed with ads every 20 seconds greedy bastards,0
 i love this game so much im so obsessed with it you can do multiplayer and single player!,1
 nice game it is really fun no ads so i rate it 5 stars,1
 worstest app ever  never install this app. only adds are there . play 1 minute and get 4-5 long adds without skip option worstest app,0
 i have had this game for about 10 min now. and i haven't been able to play it. honestly  it's because of ads.,0
 the game is so lagging that from the upper levels it lags so much that one time i thought that my phone had just totally wasted.,0
 best game ever played just love this.graphics are astonishing and also its amazing with earphones.,1
 i hate all of the ads and stuff you have to watch every time you finish level,0
 many ads and all of them take 30 seconds. thats too much.,0
 its so stupid and dumb how everytime i finizh a level or die there is like a 30 second add ..........please fix it or im quiting your game.,0
 wayyyyyyyy to many ads you have to keep on pressing no thanks to badland premiemum just to get another ad,0
 too many ads  and after each ad the sound gets reset so i can't keep it muted,0
 bruh the graphics are sick as freak. the controls is good and the gameplay is lit,1
 i looooove this game. its great. nothing else like it on the app store. you will love it as well. give it a go  you wont be dissapointed,1
 i like it its cool  funny  savage and crazy and it has good graphics and mechanics to it,1
 best game i've ever played.it's funny  clever  so realistic.really deserves a masterpiece.,1
 very fun. great graphics. and even a level maker.,1
 i love this game very much it is very interesting exciting   in this game very cute characters . and it is very adventure's levels and this is i love it.,1
 requires full access to my file storage  and refuses to run otherwise. uninstalling,0
 fun to play and a good time filler. i'm new to this game so still getting the hang of it but i'm having fun doing so.,1
 this is is insane fun! but though.... i love it that you can also create your own badland game this is why i vote 5 stars! but... i wish that i can vote this 999999.00999999999999999999999999999 stars... a ,1
 its good and have a little hard...its suitable for the person who like a fun game and have a challenge,1
 i love this game! its so fun!you can create your own levels and overall its cool!,1
 really an amazing and relaxing game without any restrictions loved it and it's like playing hill climb racing in ragnarok amazing it's like a mysterious night,1
 really great game. tough levels and interesting game play! good job the game is fantastic!!!!,1
 huge unplayable bug for tv makeing the whole thing eather black or white no grey so theres littleton 2 colors on the screen and you can't even tell what anything is,0
 controls are simple graphics are stunning best game to play in a quiet lazy afternoon,1
 love this game. so much variety& challenge. skill required! lasts for ages,1
 overall a good  unique game to try and kill some time.,1
 absolutely beautiful game both visually and in the simplicity of game mechanics,1
 this game is just a blessing to us smartphone gamers  such a console quality game deserves high recognition from literally everyone. i give it a solid 5,1
 its fun easy to create and all you have to do is hold and yoi can play multiple friends,1
 don't donload too many ads worse ads  continuous ads  can't skip either.,0
 what beautiful game  i really love to spend my free time playing this game while hearing thoose relaxing sound theme,1
 too many ads. one for every death or new level.,0
 worst "free' game ever  after every 30 seconds they show you a 30 seconds ad,0
 it is annoying that there is an ad at each level so please fix it,0
 way too many ads. futurecof games in uncertain because of so many ads,0
 its a very enjoyable adventurous game with a fine graphics. i just love it,1
 game is extremely fun. graphics is beautiful. and gameplay is awesome,1
 best game ever it requires skill and strategy and for all those people who use these things this is the game for you 5 stars.,1
 this game is superb the control are very easy the graphics is awesome . this game is awesome,1
 the controls are smooth and graphics are great!!,1
 good... but too many ads. really  like too too many ads...,0
 in my opinion there are way too many ads which gets you to buy premium.,0
 it's got such good animations-probably the best installation i've ever made really relaxing music,1
 it is great for creative thinking and also a good problem solving game,1
 it a unique addictive game which put in a trance like state due to the deep environment accompanied by the natural acoustics,1
 a good physics based game.love the graphics and minimalistic design,1
 i love this game. such a creative beautiful game. i get stuck on it for hours.,1
 ads are after every minute and they last 30 seconds. not playable,0
 way to many adds! impossible to play unless you buy the paid version.,0
 i like the sounds and the amazing background that makes badland a calming game.,1
 ads is horrible. unplayable. too bad it's a good game,0
 the game is full of ads..& becoming very much irritating.worst thing in any application or game,0
 too many ads. advertised on other apps 3 a week charge to play this,0
 worst game ever. whenver i try to play it shows me to upgrade to premium and then close the game.,0
 its ok for group play but they should really make the solo levels more interesting and way more harder,1
 l love this app soo much! but since when did you add true co-op and since when was there build a level?!? i am a old player,1
 so addictive i've played it all day & i've finished all levels it's a fun game & great graphics,1
 when i was younger i would play this like crazy! and i think i should get it again for fun,1
 simple  alive  easy to learn hard to master  this game time well spent,1
 this game is amazing i can remember the first time i played it years ago i have been looking for it for so long now my brother showed me this game and o couldn't stop playing it,1
 too addictive. background music is so cool. it's very much fun every time i play.,1
 amazing. just amazing. even amazing is not enough for it. its fanatastic,1
 too many ads  would be a good game but uninstalling instead.,0
 great levels  brilliant level creator and easy controls!,1
 badland is a fun game it has an awesome story and i love jumping and flying with the little guys,1
 it is a great game and things are so cute four players can play in it good graphics,1
 i keep getting a bug where when i start playing everything beckmes echoed and it ruins the sound,0
 it's so inspiring and beautiful of some people's lifestyle like mine it is fit exactly and made for me to play thanks creator,1
 a little strange story  amazing graphics  really. if you haven't played it yet  you really should (also i'm really glad that theres level creator),1
 an ad after every stage. more time with an ad than playing.,0
 very good game  runs smoothly with no bugs and the art style is beautiful,1
 i love this game it's so cool!!!! because i only love it and my friends always die and i gave five (5) stars and littrely so funny play it now like 1000 persent i realy love it do you love it? then play it! i hope you love it!!!,1
 it's unusual and strangely alluring. .....i like the graphics.,1
 the worst app ever it gives advertising every minute the worst please don't download   you'll regret it.,0
 very fun and challenging. but it has alot of ads though,1
 too much adds. please consider those on paid mobile plans without wifi access.,0
 ads in every level was so annoying so i uninstalled it... i hate this game thank you,0
 everywhere i look there's just ads and ads and more ads!!!!!,0
 good game  simple  nice graphics and good gameplay.,1
 ads are unnecessarily frustruating i watch ads more than i play the actual game.,0
 beautifully crafted world. challenging and engaging to play.,1
 i don't care about the ads i think it is a great game which is different to anything else i have played before,1
 this game is so amazing! my friends are laughing and we enjoy the game and the hard levels,1
 too many ads in this game which doesn't worth the money aking for premium version,0
 i think this is a great game it is so chill the graphics are so good it is a really good game i love the background noise,1
 really cool and addictive. the sound effects are spectacular,1
 amazing graphics and awesome sounds. addictive and highly recommend,1
 combines elements from many of my previous favourite games. play is so cleaverly addictive!,1
 its quite delicious and appetizing  contains some nice ingredients and looks good,1
 amazing art  and a great time killer. i higly reccomend this game.,1
 it is a nice game but there are some levels that have no logic it is super unique game,1
 love the level designer .also i really like the graphics.,1
 it was such an amazing game that tested your brain. definetly a game worth getting.,1
 always shows the annoying message to upgrade to premium   this game is greedy,0
 theres not much to say  its just the best indie game i have ever played! so many levels!( )!,1
 it's a fantastic adventure with a great level editor! and it's all free!,1
 an ad after each attempt at a level! come on!,0
 too much ads  this game is more like advertisement. com,0
 i finished all the one player free levels. it was a good experience,1
 stop trying to force me to buy the premium version and i've only been playing a game for 10 mins.,0
 i'm rating 1 bc it just none stop ads if i say no to whach a vid for a skin it still makes me whach it just no prize fix it,0
 awesome graphics  i rly love this soundtrack   its amazing   i sz this game!!,1
 one of the bestest game i have played ever...a mysterious sound effects....full of.silence and peace....what a game great...,1
 great app!! as i was seeing the ad some game pop up in my phone nice concept of watching ad.,1
 screen movement goes too fast before i can get my guy unstuck  please fix the screen move bug,0
 destroyed what was once a very good game with adverts...uninstalled.,0
 challenging and relaxing  really brings out the satisfaction of survival,1
 i love this game so much they did a great job on the game concept but the best thing about this game is the level maker,0
 amazing! i'm 8 years old   love the style and sound effects.,1
 that's an awesome game right there love the visual everything is just beyond brilliant,1
 it's good because u can play with your friends on the same divice and you can play on co-op,1
 best game out there. beautiful graphics and control.,1
 a very nice game but please add online multiplayer in it to make it the best game in the world,1
 absolutely brilliant game but over time its get to difficult to collect more clones,1
 too many adds  they make a good game completely annoying and unplayable,0
 it's a very good game. i really enjoyed and loved playing the game and i am very much entertained... keep it up,1
 this is so fun and tricky! i enjoyed a lot. it's just amazing thanks for the game dev,1
 great graphics and sounds. very entertaining!,1
 i remember plaing this game at a phone store  but when i got my phone i did not remember the name  of the game so now i found it.,1
 just amazing  there art is so cute  plus   the app works perfectly!,1
 it sucks that i have to play an ad after every level. disgusting,0
 great gameplay. would be better if it had a storyline.....,1
 literally played this for ages and finished it a few times and i think it's addicting too and i love it ,1
 this game is not good when am trying to play it says badland has stopped. like b i want to play.,0
 it's very easy to complete the levels give me the tough levels update to this game,1
 top notch game all around. fun  challenging  great atmosphere,1
 this game is most exiting game a bird is in a trap. he wants independence. that was all,1
 fun game  simple but challenging. cool artwork.,1
 i loved mosty the sounds while playing using headphones its very very awesome i finished this game for 3 times,1
 2016 anyone? god i love this game. chill  challenging and brings back memories lol.,1
 exceptionally good. unique and very interesting. highly recommended.,1
 this game was amazing. i used to play it all the time since it was so amazing and i could play with friends,1
 enjoying thoroughly,1
 love dali games. well worth the money.,1
 great game,1
 overpowered game,1
 great game,1
 nicely done,1
 more interesting,1
 great game,1
 very cool,1
 superb game! bought anti-ad and some pirate chests to support the devs! good job!,1
 game is fun  nicely-crafted  but the controls leave you desiring for better.,1
 thank you.,1
 thank you for using actual gameplay footage in the video preview. now i actually know i want to play it right off the bat!,1
 this game is good for killing time,1
 the game is very easy,1
 well made game. every level seems different and not repetitive. some of the controls can be a bit annoying but overall it's fun.,1
 having a lot of fun  addicting good for spending spare time,1
 it's a great game. i would give 5 stars but controlling is very bad,1
 pretty fun game. the progression is at a good pace and the graphics are cute. i also like the multi-touch to split group.,1
 not a bad little game! if you're a d and d fan! new gamers probably won't like this game! if you grew up on atari and intellivision! it's perfect!,1
 i'm not bluffing but this is probably the most fun i've had playing a game ever if u don't download ur missing out on a lot of fun!,1
 a totally addictive game.if you are bored because of old games then give it a try.you'll not be bored,1
 addicting! this is what i call a unique and smart game. there's nothing like this on the store!,1
 this i most interesting game i have ever plas but we can take very less heroes,1
 very nice game. i really like it. the game idea is new and the graphics are very much stunning,1
 innovative and responsive controls  while still remaining entertaining for short periods of time.,1
 enjoyable and simple fun game. need more adventure !,1
 it is very cool and very addictive for me guys who created this game five star for me,1
 the greatest game to make my fingers ready for school,1
 this game is pretty good i would recommend it to anyone who likes the necromancer,1
 bland  and too much hand holding,0
 not very far but good,0
 awesome game. love the control using tap and swipe.,1
 don't change anything o love ot,1
 it's a very fun & intense game you'll be on your heels when you play it.,1
 love it! reminds me of legend of zelda.,1
 nice simple game  great time killer.,1
 simple but engaging little game - worth trying,1
 easy play  also thinking game,1
 good game for time pass..so funny,1
 why is the money almost useless in the game? why can't i gain experience points if i fail a stage?,0
 needs a better way to level up,0
 good game with cool tactical gameplay,1
 rating prompts after less than 10 minutes playing = 1*,0
 very fun for road trips!,1
 needs a story line. mission objectives should have a connection to the story.,0
 it's fun  and adventurous,1
 great game love it!,1
 lost interest straight away,0
 pretty good  easy. little fun one.,1
 nice and addictive game...!!,1
 very easy to play.,1
 cool graphics and easy controls,1
 fun time waster,1
 crashes constantly,0
 such a fun game,1
 best simple games,1
 great game,1
 cool,1
 easily one of the best games on the play store. yes it gets difficult  but i've not spent a penny on gems. its made me rage quit several times  but i can't stay away for too long.. incredible game.,1
 great job is since a while i never played a funny game as this. maybe more customerisation of charachter will be more funny,1
 i have a lots of fun in the game ..thank you so much for lovely game,1
 great idea for a game  easy to control and i like the item upgrades,1
 the game is good but i'd make the free reward come every two hours,1
 this is some garbage ass gamplay,0
 this game is good i ensure u that u should download it,1
 i love it the game has very good controls,1
 great game can't wait to see where it goes in the future,1
 nice game. keep up the good work.,1
 its a great game. love to play.,1
 this game is awesome by getting jem's faster,1
 simple to play yet fun too,1
 just like the pics losing interest,0
 wow so cool!! i love this!,1
 pretty good. addicting !,1
 yeah...its really a good game,1
 that is awesome game....simple and fun,1
 great fun!!!! simple and quick. easy too play,1
 simple but addictive!,1
 it's so so awesome,1
 great game to pass the time,1
 good time pass game,1
 love this game.,1
 fun time waster,1
 very nice game,1
 really fun and simple,1
 really good,1
 what a great game,1
 excellent and the inovative,1
 great game,1
 it is great,1
 a simple and fun game. found this by accident and i never find good games. i would highly recommend this to anyone wanting a quick fun game with great replay value. don't have to play it for more than a few minutes but could pay it for a long time without being bored.,1
 is it a game or what it is so much fun when we play it anytime i liked it thankyou for making the game.,1
 great game i really enjoyed it. the graphics are cool and the game works smooth and fine. i liked the idea of fighting and solving puzzels it is really entertaining,1
 this is a great time killer. fun little game  not much brain power required. very good game.,1
 i've only played the game for a few days so i don't know about the long run  but this game definitely is an attention grabber,1
 fun  unique and rewarding hero-collecting/strategy game. the in-game rewards are generous and there are no paywalls. definitely a 5 star game.,1
 i think if you give reward its more likely that the person will rate it ,1
 simple  and engaging game that you can play anywhere without data. what can i say. its perfect,1
 awesome and super amusing game. funky and appealing graphics. really gets you emerged in a simple fashion.,1
 pretty sweet game  i did how it's reminiscent of zelda for snes,1
 it's a good game grate graphics and very nice control's this game is so fun,1
 awesome tap button rpg. i have enjoyed thus far.,1
 i always wanted a strategy game on the phone  this is a real time  very basic strategy game with puzzle elements,1
 a great concept but it doesn't use the formation mechanic nearly enough.,0
 great game but too many ads.... like to play some more games like this,1
 i love the concept of the gameplay  please make games like this more often,1
 woah! this game is really cool! and bro can you make the health bars visible at all time? that would be nice ,1
 loved it  great controls  awesome music and action packed,1
 simple yet challenging. easy yet intense. great game all-around.,1
 i higly recommend this game! very fun!,1
 i've just seen the video and it was awesome,1
 so far is an adorable little time waster,1
 nice game  so much fun i have when i play this game,1
 f**k you. made me delete all my games and it still won't start,0
 amazing  seriously i absolutely love it,1
 this game is awesome then dota2 admit it!!!!,1
  this game provides you everything you look for in a formula car game... different tracks...different modes... just amazing...hats off!,1
 very very nice game i had never played in my life.its graphics are very good. iam giving 5 stats .no negitive about this game .it is very intresing game nice game for ever!,1
 it's a nice game and the best part i like to play is the road which is designed beautifully whereas it contains music. one thing i don't like is that there is no hindi song other than that i love the game and the person who made this game is very very very intelligent.,1
 its very good game and its graphics are awesome,1
 this game graphics are very much good,1
 i like this game so much it is amazing you should donelowed it,0
 can you please add a "distance covered" feature? i don't really want to play for the points. i earn (i like them though) i want to know how far i've gone before i crash. and thank you for this game. when i feel down i just play it and feel in control. i feel i can crash multiple times and still be able to continue.... sometime i'm scared of doing in real life  at the moment. so  thank you for giving me some control.,1
 its a very interesting game. i played it and found quite impressive. its graphics are awesome. it has many beautiful superfast cars . i can easily choose my desired car for racing. its a real time killer  beat boredom and enjoy the excellence.,1
 this is the best game and very good grafik. thank you,1
 this is a very powerful energetic game i like it i very very like it,0
 i love to play this game. it has very high speed cars . its graphics are trademarks. i have contacted most of the levels. i am really excited about completing final level. its very easy to control cars.,1
 i love this game u guys should download it very interesting,1
 this game provides you everything you look for in a formula car game... different tracks...different modes... just amazing...hats off!,1
 et the new update of "formula car racing stunts 3d" added "multiplayer track mode" for more fun new exciting story based levels added new cars added new stunning environments added new sounds added game visuals enhanced more car stunt levels added control improved improve user experience by reducing annoying ads game size reduced multiplayer mode will be added soon enjoy with latest update of "formula car racing stunts 3d" and give us your valuable feedback for future updates.,1
 honestly it's a dissapointment  games wig this is for you guys i saw a video ad of yall advertising your game but couldn't help but notice that you included gta 5 game play and considered it as your own if this ad doesn't get taken down you will get sued,0
 very very nice game i had never played in my life.its graphics are very good. iam giving 5 stats .no negitive about this game .it is very intresing game nice game for ever!,1
 my child is very happy. car play very interested. so excited play,1
 it's a nice game and the best part i like to play is the road which is designed beautifully whereas it contains music. one thing i don't like is that there is no hindi song other than that i love the game and the person who made this game is very very very intelligent.,1
 game is good... enjoying it well but rating only four star for not modifying the interior look(fpp) else this app worth's five star,1
 i love the game all the time my friends in the game my car is bugatti i liked. bye,1
 its very good game and its graphics are awesome,1
 this game graphics are very much good,1
 i like this game so much it is amazing you should donelowed it,1
 can you please add a "distance covered" feature? i don't really want to play for the points. i earn (i like them though) i want to know how far i've gone before i crash. and thank you for this game. when i feel down i just play it and feel in control. i feel i can crash multiple times and still be able to continue.... sometime i'm scared of doing in real life  at the moment. so  thank you for giving me some control.,1
 its a very interesting game. i played it and found quite impressive. its graphics are awesome. it has many beautiful superfast cars . i can easily choose my desired car for racing. its a real time killer  beat boredom and enjoy the excellence.,1
 this is the best game and very good grafik. thank you,1
 one track and not a finish line comes ..,0
 this is a very powerful energetic game i like it i very very like it,1
 i love to play this game. it has very high speed cars . its graphics are trademarks. i have contacted most of the levels. i am really excited about completing final level. its very easy to control cars.,1
 this game is good for doing time pass and it is good for chanllenging,1
 i love this game u guys should download it very interesting,1
 formula car racing game is one of the best game. it is easy to play for everyone. it features are very well and designing are very great. great work by developer. it is very awesome game. highly recommended%%,1
 this game is super graphics are very good,1
 very good to play is good for your energy.,1
 formula car racing is interesting game. its easy to play. its control is smooth and easy. its features are awesome.. graphic work is really good. good job.,1
 wow this is amazing game. controls are so smooth and grapics is mindblowing this game full with adventure .,1
 its a very good game. its newly launched jungle mode is really amazing . its background views are awesome . i really enjoyed it. its graphics are amazing. its very easy to control the car. i always play this game and i would recommend this game to others.,1
 nice and vvvvvvgoood and i am like this game is the first good game in my world,1
 this is op and amazing game i enjoj it,1
 absolute scam! pretty much every other button takes you to a 1 touch pay of 50.99  that's linked to your google registered debit card. shouldn't be this easy to spend that much money. would never use this or any other product by this company again.,0
 i love this game very much but i think it would be better if you added more traps but i still like this game,1
 good game but there are too many ads...,0
 formula car racing is an addicting game. easy to play. smooth and easy care. the functionality is excellent. the graphics are really good. great job.,1
 formula car racing is full of stunts and advanture game. i play this game in my free time. it's all levels are challenging. i recommended to all. %%,1
 wow! its such a wonderful game. its different levels are fabulous. it runs very smoothly. graphics and background views are really fantastic. i love to play this game.,1
 this is very nice game and i like cares in this game,1
 formula car racing is very easy to play. it has many interesting levels. all levels are so easy. i am loving it.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d new car games 2021 is such a lovely enjoyable racing stunt game on playstor. it's really wonderful features and control are so nice and smooth. i like it so much,1
 the levels are very artistic,1
 i can't even start explaining how good the game is,1
 its a really nice game and i love it,1
 is. game. is. very. good. to. play,1
 this is very nice game,1
 the game is very nice,1
 good apps thanks for you a game,1
 the app is best please download,1
 very very nice game,1
 awesome game .......try it,1
 the game was super amaging,1
 nice game for time pass,1
 stunt racing with formula car racing touch is highly appreciable and approachable as great gaming adventure is waiting for you so make it your first choice to manage a perfecr game play.,1
 formula car racing game is a fantastic game. its features and graphics are so amazing. i really appreciate the developer and also recommend it.,1
 formula car stunts 3d car game. this is very intresting game   it has a lot of challenges and if you want to enjoy this game and if you want to win   download this game immediatly.,1
 formula for racing 3d stunt new car games 2021 is such a wonderful gameplay. i enjoyed it to play car racing stunts. it's smooth and lovely control. i like it so much,1
 formula car racing is very interesting and very fantastic game.its easy to ply.its control is smooth and easy.its features are awesome.. graphic work is really good.,1
 formula car racing stunt games this is a very big formula game and if you want to play long distance by racing then you have to play that game  it is very good and perfect.,1
 formula car racing is is a absolutely and fantastic game. this game have many interesting levels. all levels are so easy.,1
 tremendous game. extraordinary features. graphics and controllers are excellent. sound effects are good. very glad to play this game. %%,1
 in this game there are very high speed vehicles that fire on the road. its graphics are amazing. i always play this game. it runs very smoothly. it deserves five stars.,1
 formula car racing game is an amazing and very interesting game. its features are very awesome. it has very beautiful graphics.,1
 formula car racing game is good game to play. its themes and graphucs are good . its enjoyable game ever. i love to play it in spare time . highly recommended.%%,1
 one of the top car racing games i have ever played. it's visuals gameplay background music everything is just wow. i love it a lot.,1
 formula car stunt 3d game is so addictive. i like it by its unique idea of creation. its graphics are so remarkable and stunt moves of car are just fabulous.,1
 formula car racing is one of the best game. its features and graphics are amazing. highly recommended to all to play this.,1
 formula car racing game is very interesting and full of adventure games it is very easily download from play store its graphics are very beautiful i like it so much .,1
 formula car racing is awesome and amazing game and your driving skills on impossible racing tracks of formula car stunt games it's very enjoyable game i really like it.,1
 one of the best car racing games  i ever played. it contains amazing car racing stunts with super fast racing cars. i love to play this game. recommended to download,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is an amazing game to play. it has awesome features. it is one of the best car racing games to play.,1
 formula car racing is a excellent game. this game have many interesting levels. it is very easy to play.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is an excellent application. i like it very much. it has awesome features. its graphics are awesome.,1
 formula car racing 3d is a wonderful game to play. it has superb levels. i like that very much . it has amazing graphics.,1
 formula car racing is a wonderful game .i really like this functions and features .and background music also osum.i like very much.,1
 enjoying this car drifting racing game with extreme level of gaming adventure that everyone can play with great zeal and passion and manage game play in a challenging mode.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is very good to play in your free time . i like its car designs and colours. i like the roads.,1
 best formula car racing game this game has many interesting missions it provides very simple interface also the designs of tracks that are available to drive your car or so attractive,1
 best car race game  this game has many interesting missions  so simple to play  best for all android gamers  also it has a big collection of interesting and new designs of cars,1
 formula car racing game is one of the awesome and interesting and great game to play. it has impossibal tracks. love it .,1
 formula car racing is one of the best game which i like to play. its feature and graphics are amazing. developer done great job to develop this game.,1
 formula car racing school of adventure ke bit graphics are very beautiful and features are very awesome but it is very easy download from play store.,1
 best car racing game  i like the graphics of this game  it has smooth controls  and easy to. play  all android gamers must play it,1
 formula car racing is a absolutely and fantastic game. this is such an amazing game. it has many interesting levels.,1
 formula car racing simulator 3d is an amazing game to play. it has very advance features. it has excellent graphics.,1
 best car race game  this game will provide you unique gaming experience  it's interface is so simple and easy to play as well,1
 best formula car race game  this game has many interesting missions  it's so simple to play as well  controls are also so smooth,1
 formula car racing is a good offline game. this game have many interesting level. it is an a great game with incredible future.,1
 it's full of action and advanture car formula game. it's all features are awesome. i played it and really enjoyed it. i recommended to all. %%,1
 best formula car racing game  this game has good graphics. so simple to play  controls are so smooth  highly recommended game from my side,1
 this is amazing formula car racing game. it is very crazy car stunt game. it has very beautiful graphics and features.,1
 formula car racing adventure is mesmerizing game for me because of the nice stunt gaming and good control over the movement of the car.,1
 just abostule terrible game ever made  i don't know why this have many downloads  the game asks you to buy "all the levels" and "all the cars and skins" it's just a scam  and the game itself is the definition of lazy.,0
 best 3d car racing game   i like the 3d effects of this game  it's simple to play  highly recommended from my side to all android android mobile gamers  also there are many interesting missions are available to play,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a fantastic game. its features and graphics are so wonderful. i really enjoyed.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a mind-blowing game. its features and effects are so amazing. it is a best game ever.,1
 i installed formula car racing games  after playing very good games  i have a lot of fun  i see that it is government. i enjoyed it after speaking,1
 formula car racing game is very amazing application. its feature and graphics are fantastic. i love this game.,1
 formula car racing game is so wonderful application. its control is too easy. this game is available in play store.,1
 formula racing stunt 3d is one of the best racing car. its graphics quality is outstanding. its features is awesome. download it and share with friends.,1
 formula car racing stunt is an interesting and exciting game. it's features and graphics are very good.,1
 formula car racing is such a wonderful game with full of enjoyment and interesting challenges. convenient to install this game. i really appreciate to developers,1
 formula car racing is very good @pplication ....it has become one of my favorite app.the interface is pretty simple &accurate .recommend it.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is an unique and easily download game it's graphics are so amazing. thrilling environment and gameplay of formula racing game.%%,1
 it is a best game for children. very easy to install and play it. many levels include here and all level are unique.,1
 formula car racing stunts 3d is the one of my most favorite game in the play store the feature and graphics of this game is very fantastic recommended to all.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a mind-blowing game. its features and graphics are so amazing. i really enjoyed this game.,1
 best car racing game  i like its 3d effects  it performs well on my android device  it has very simple interface and easy to use well,1
 in this game  i see that a boy has a car and what he says  because of this  the tension comes very much. tell me the games are very good. this game is bladed residency. the game is about hamra 200 hoga  you start the dance. its ranjan is very good for the country.,1
 best game for car racing gaming lovers  it has good graphics  easy to play also its controls are very smooth  highly recommended from my side,1
 best formula car racing game  this game has many interesting missions    it has very simple interface and easy to use,1
 formula car stunts 3d free stunt games are very brilliant applications. and it contains wonderful features and graphics are very amazing.,1
 this is amazing and very interesting formula car racing game. it is very crazy car stunt game. its features are very awesome.,1
 formula car racing game is very wonderful application. its control is too easy. i really enjoy this game.,1
 beautiful feature and graphics use here. all credit goes to the developer. many level include here and all level are unique.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is such an interesting game. i am so impressed from this game. its features are excellent. i recommend to all of you play this game.,1
 formula car racing game is very excellent application. its work very fast and very easy too. awesome game.,1
 game making why not make the game a lot fun in formula car racing's sack this game is very good. the graphics in this game are very fast. the speed of this game is very fast. this car is in red color.,1
 formula car racing is very good @pplication ....it has become one of my favorite app.the interface is pretty simple &accurate .after using this app i recommended everyone.,1
 formula car racing stunt is very interesting and full of adventure game with graphics are very beautiful and i can play this game with my best best friends.,1
 formula car racing stunts 3d new car games 2021 is very good and great game. excellent features and graphics. i really like it.%%,1
 formula car racing game is very stunning application. its control is too easy. this is very awesome game.,1
 best formula car racing game   this game has good graphics  easy to play and controls are so smooth  highly recommended from my side,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a wonderful game. it's features and graphics are so amazing. i really enjoyed this game.,1
 formula car racing 3d game is a best game in the play store and i like it to play for entertainment and enjoyment it is also useful for driving car.,1
 formula car racing game is very wonderful application. its feature and graphics are brilliant. i love this game.,1
 formula car racing is one of the wonderful app in playstore.its great feature and amazing graphic .i like it .,1
 formula car racing is awesome and amazing game racing stunts as these top speed formula game take you to the possible heights of car driving game i really like it.,1
 formula car racing game is so lovely application. its feature and graphics are stunning. this really enjoyable game.,1
 formula car racing is a absolutely and fantastic game. this is such an amazing game. it is very easy to play.,1
 formula car racing stunts 3d is a wonderful game to play. it is a best car racing game to play. it has awesome features %%.,1
 formula car stunts 3d racing game is a nice and very cute game  it has a lot of fun to play  this game is very adventurous and the fun makes it two-headed to play the game.,1
 formula car racing game is really fun and great game to play it has impossible tracks. it is a real fun game to play.,1
 formula car racing 3d is an amazing game to play. it has very amazing features. it is an interesting game to play.,1
 formula car racing game is very wonderful application. its feature and graphics are fabulous. i love this game.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d is a good game to play. it is an excellent game to play having very nice features and graphics.,1
 formula car stunts 3d free stunt games are very awesome games. it's contains confidential graphics and features are very well.,1
 formula car racing game is very fantastic application. its feature and graphics are fabulous. i like this game.,1
 formula car racing game is fantastic and amazing game i really appreciate it and i like the feature and graphic design.,1
 formula car stunts 3d is wonderful and amazing game play this formula ramp car stunts racing games and finish the adventurous formula race with crazy car driving it's very enjoyable game.,1
 formula car racing stunt is one of the best car racing game. i like to play such excellent games. it has amazing features .,1
 formula car racing game is very fantastic application. its feature and graphics are fabulous. i love this awesome game.,1
 formula car racing game is one of the best car racing game. its control is very easy. i am so impressed from this game. install it and enjoy the game.,1
 formula car racing game is a mind-blowing game. its features and graphics are so wonderful. i really enjoyed this game.,1
 formula car racing is a brilliant app i will play most of time .its great features and function .i like it.this app very simply i recommended to everyone .,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d driving game is very much an extra game  you have to use formula to play more and this game gives an absolutely perfect formula.,1
 formula car racing game is so nice and amazing application. its feature and graphics are stunning. i like it.,1
 formula car racing game is very nice and amazing application. its control is too easy. lovely game.,1
 formula car racing stunt game is a nice and super car racing game it's a lot of fun to play and it is full of adventure.,1
 formula car racing stunt 3d game is very good and the game playing car is very advanced by applying the formula. it is very tremendous.,1
 formula car racing game is very nice and amazing application. its feature and graphics are fantastic. amazing game.,1
 formula car racing game is a fantastic game. its features and graphics are so amazing. i really enjoyed this game very much.,1
 formula car racing game is very lovely application. its control is too easy. i really love this game.,1
 best formula car racing game  this game has many interesting missions  it's so simple to play x it has good graphics as well  highly recommended from my side,1
 formula car racing game is so wonderful application. its feature and graphics are fantastic. i love this game.,1
 best game ever made for mobile. got 40+ hours on  #6 in the world.,1
 i love it  the gameplay and the graphics are really good (i would like more,1
 love the challenge. so fun too. great game to play too pass time,1
 such a good game can wait for the update,1
 love the cats,1
 cool!,1
 great game,1
 it is fun,1
 cool,1
 cool,1
 great game!,1
 great game!,1
 was fun!,1
 love this!,1
 absolutely adorable!,1
 loved it!,1
 im learning.,1
 very interesting....,1
 relaxing game ,1
 thot provoking,0
 great game,1
 great game,1
 such fun,1
 cool,1
 boring,0
 refil battery.,0
 cool,1
 interesting,1
 cats meow,1
 great game,1
 great game,1
 i jerrry loving this game because i 12 year old and the game have so much fun!!! 5 star,1
 interesting,1
 lived it.,1
 the graphics are great the story made great five stars,1
 it was glitchy and it crashed 11 times,0
 didn't know what to do . only had one episode other one was locked,0
 definitely want to see more. this is excellent,1
 love it really nice no bad credit!,1
 this game is nice! its like the pc game called 10mins like wow,1
 the game will not dowmload. errors out every single time.,0
 you literally do nothing you just look at pictures when you go to free you need to read and that's all you do if you go to the other one you do nothing it's just a picture you literally do nothing that's why i put one star cuz i'm bored on it so boring do you like just looking at pictures no there is only like two pictures there's one on free and one on the other one i forgot what the other one if you think i'm lying go check it out cuz i don't lie,0
 really neat  unique game. very fun!,1
 this is a very good game.i am losing the words for this game.this game is very well made by the team,1
 i'd give it 5 stars but after buying the game the game itself has no sound smh,0
 wow..i like this game so much so entertaining lots of tricks.recommended,1
 it was a bit childish but better than most of the games for mobile,1
 loved this game from a to z. the only thing i did not like is that i haven't found i game that is this good ever since!,1
 one of the greatest i game i have ever downloaded and played i like the smartnest of the character joe,1
 probably the best story based game i've played on mobile.,1
 this games is amazing and well worth its price to get the full game,1
 i love it  the story writing is good on this one!,1
 it's a good game with good story i hope they make more games the developers am talking about.,1
 brilliant i hope you games with good storyline like this.,1
 awesome game and the storyline is super mind blown.,1
 it is an awesome experience. more games like this is needed.,1
 really enjoyed the game. its the first time ive commented on any game/app on playstore! thank you devs!,1
 i finished the game! it's cool the story has a twist.,1
 offline game that wants to manage your phone calls? no thanks!,0
 didn't open and now i can't uninstall,0
 there is a tiny xp design mistake   that every dialouge  will be disapear soon  without having user controls on it  ,0
 very addictive and keep me interested very good game.,1
 the best story based game on android so far i played.,1
 great hame highly recommend playing all the way through including pt2,1
 bcz after playing 5 ch it will show premium levels and i hate this thing worst,0
 shows blank screen if phone or storage permission is denied.,0
 it's was really good and i like how it's a mystery game  10/10,1
 bro i can't even make it to the fourth stage it's freaking too hard,0
 awesome game and awesome concept.,1
 the best puzzle game,1
 great little game  well worth buying.,1
 one of the best puzzle games ever,1
 great game which reflects innovation and creativity,1
 the pictures given is not in the first part and it is in the second part and we need to give money for that also so not that good,0
 incredible game. amazing. worth the money.,1
 brilliant  well worth the 4 quid for part 2. please make another,1
 wished it would continuse but its for the best.... love it so much,1
 loved this game. this is one of the best game i have  they should make more games like this. thank you,1
 incomplete game. ads arent worth stars,0
 game is running very slow,0
 superb game.... worth paying.... keep it up dev,1
 i like it a little hard for the puzzels,1
 wonderful  beautiful  lovely  amazing!,1
 the best story game i have played to thid time.,1
 sucks you pay for the full game. wish it pay for up front,0
 challenging and fun. wish there was more,1
 so good! thanks so much for the addictive game and character,1
 absolutely loved the game  was worth every penny!,1
 love the style  great idea!,1
 really good i loved it...i just wish there was more episodes,1
 exceptional in every way,1
 this is the best puzzle game i ever played,1
 this is such a great game i played it twice i highly recommend this game!!!! enjoy!!,1
 i like the story line please add more season  what happen to mr lumber ?,1
 love it wonderful time travel experience ending was awesome,1
 this game is so deep and need hard the i liked the story,1
 the 2nd best adventure game (after minecraft) i wish you will make the 2nd part soon,1
 this is such a fun and interesting game!! nothing like you would expect!! please play!!,1
 best story and good game controls and nice,1
 this is only a sample game. you need to pay 5.00 to keep playing. wrong.,0
 awesome game   it takes you to the whole new world .,1
 very very very bad chapter 3 level ,0
 awsome story + game design must play !!,1
 great story. good graphics,1
 i will not play a game that misuses the word (retarded). i specialise in caring for dd people and misuse of the word is unacceptable. i wish i could give it a zero.,0
 i've played this game for a few years over and over again and i love it every time,1
 amazing game good story and gameplay,1
 it's a good game. but please make the full game free,1
 i loved this game! played it years ago through gamefish..,1
 really engaging story fun gameplay,1
 great art style and story,1
 excellent game! bring back fond memoried og monkey island...,1
 because the story is short and i can't afford the part 2,0
 among the best. not sure when this was made that very appropriate in 2020.,1
 liked it but i dnt want ti pay for the other character so i deleted the game,0
 um needs permission to make phone calls? seriously? what's next? needs permission to wipe my ass?,0
 it made me pat money after i started and beat the first chapter. now i hate this company and i hope nowone pays for the extra chapter.,0
 oh  god! difficult puzzles!,1
 a good play with decent storyline  yet to try episode 2,1
 nice story. good gameplay.,1
 is the best puzzle game ever,1
 i would give it a zero star if i could i couldnt even play the game because it didnt have english i-,0
 for some weird reason i cant download this game. it stops at 105 mb.,0
 make more games like this... i love it so much,1
 the story was nice. i wish that someday i'm going to make a game like this,1
 coooooool game! highly recommended but it needs some updates,1
 this game had a lots of secret messages and i love it! ;),1
 excellent game play and concept,1
 awsome game  short but awsome,1
 great game specially the plot twist in the end,1
 didn't even play  as there is no reason that a game should require the permissions this game is asking for. something seems dodgy here.,0
 epic game i will not unninstall thus ever please install you will love it ( if youre smart) and buy episode 2 (totally worth it),1
 stylish and enjoyable.,1
 brilliant puzzle mystery game,1
 great game  i wish there was another episode,1
 please give me super hard and boring if you like it i hate you,0
 love it. which they would make more chapters!!,1
 amazing game a bit tricky but its amaizing,1
 wonderful marvalous avengers i'll like all your game please put more games,1
 great game the puzzles are sooo good great game,1
 great experience. loved the storyline.,1
 really cool puzzle game,1
 my curiosity to next levels was increased,1
 really enjoyed  just wish there was more,1
 a very enjoyable and we'll crafted game,1
 amazing game!!!!! i certainly love it and recommend it,1
 just don't add these money  i can watch ad to make that money if you want,0
 i love the story and i love everything in it 10 / 10,1
 really its a good game wish you to be in the editors choise,1
 this game is taking too long load,0
 pls make more this type of games!! i love it,1
 it's worth paying for the second episode.,1
 the game was very boring too much plase work,0
 why do you need access to my photos and manage my phone calls...hmmm,0
 the best point & touch story based game,1
 amazingly epic! loved everything about it!,1
 i love it i hope to move further along through this game,1
 amazing game and story  loved it,1
 in chapter 2 the game doesn't have sounds,0
 this best game in puzzle game.,1
 i remembering playing this game when i was 4 years old and til now it's a pretty good game,1
 this game is so perfect nice job dev's make another one plz,1
 you have to have the high iq to play this and it's really fun,1
 this app does not function on my samsung galaxy s10e.,0
 its sad that you have to buy the 2nd part ,0
 almost everything is detailed what a hard work...i'm telling you this game is full of awesomeness!,1
 its really good great story line too,1
 oh man!!!! what a fantastic game... . i suggest everyone to download this game....,1
 buncha b* 5$ for part 2 and 3 its so bad!,0
 wishing the developer made more awesome games.,1
 awesome game. wish they would have more stuff like this.,1
 i don't like it as you have to pay for episode 2,0
 awesome game totally new and immersive would recommend,1
 just when ure invested in the game  they make u buy it!,0
 love the game  want to see this as a movie. 5 star house on fire,1
 great game. when are you making another game?,1
 if we received sms or calls the sound goes off,0
 this game is very intersting  clever & storywise super game,1
 very difficult to play,0
 best game definitely worth 7 bucks,1
 i reaaaaaallly hope you guys come out with more games because i absolutely love this one!!!!,1
 simple awesome nice story game,1
 liked it so much i bought the 2nd episode!,1
 mind blowing game..... really awesome story....,1
 just loved it... every mobilegamer should play this game...,1
 brilliant game  authentic and eerie,1
 chapter 1 is free but chapter 2 is $5 that is to munch,0
 best story game i ever played worth the money,1
 best point and click i have played so far.,1
 great game would love to see more like this,1
 worth the buy. loved this episodes.,1
 awesome game w a unique story,1
 great game! played it twice.,1
 one of the best mobile games ive ever played try it out,1
 i really like the storyline of this game. well thought out,1
 i like that in the game it s voice,1
 best game ever!! i wish they made more games like this!,1
 my favorite of all time  smooth as hell,1
 i really love this game. it's a hidden gem  i recommend it !,1
 its so cool in episode 1 i reccomend everyone to play it,1
 why the game needs permission to manage phone calls? shady....,0
 i liked your game from manny times you were not developing any games,1
 i love this game i can't stop playing it roccomend you download this game,1
 the best tap and play game i found on playstore,1
 awesome game! thats all i could say.,1
 omg!  this game is awsome. seriously- i aint a bot- heres a emoji to proove it? ok- there we go  thats all i have too say.,1
 phenomenal experience! great work  folks,1
 amazing storyline. just epic.,1
 no reason for a game to make phone calls with my phone.,0
 nice job with the character,1
 why does this game want to make and manage phone calls?,0
 nice app  so incredible mystery,1
 awesome game play must you will love it,1
 this game is so well made  worth the money,1
 nice story  enjoy playing.,1
 i completed all levels very nice game,1
 absolutely amazinggg please you have to make more like these,1
 worth it paying for the full game,1
 might be the best game i have ever played loved everything about this game,1
 i already play this app in morning,1
 u need to buy the game,1
 great game in my prospective,1
 please make another one of these awesome games,1
 nice game and music awesome,1
 this game is so much fun and has a great story,1
 i like the story of this game u know what i love it,1
 you have to pay to fully play the game,0
 the game is very good,1
 lots of cookie crushing fun,1
 controls are horrible,0
 love this game!,1
 best arcade ever played,1
 i dowload tihis game but its not work,0
 have many bugs.,0
 am in love with this game,1
 i can only say "love this game",1
 very fast paced,1
 one word cause i'm faded rn "addictive",1
 very good timepass.,1
 i love this app the app is the best,1
 this game is so dope,1
 great game. i'm impressed!,1
 really nice game,1
 i love this game!!!,1
 nice and awesome,1
 this is a super game,1
 best action game.,1
 really great game......,1
 awsome game i ever played.,1
 that game was awesome,1
 impressive game! wow,1
 what a fabulous game,1
 exceptionally iteresting game,1
 new experience for gaming,1
 the game is very good thank you,1
 explosive & awesome,1
 superb action packed game.,1
 loved it...stressfree ..so addictive,1
 this is so cool thanks,1
 a lots of fun,1
 this game is great,1
 this game is one of the best games,1
 i love this game,1
 awesome action game,1
 this is so cool game,1
 one of the best games ever,1
 it's soo funny ,1
 man its a addictive game,1
 a lot of fun!!,1
 this game is awsome!,1
 i love this game,1
 amazing i love the game,1
 just buckets of fun!!!,1
 osssm game action & adventure i lik it,1
 this game is great,1
 best game ever played...,1
 exceptionally fun for me,1
 not worthy of 1 million + downloads,2
 great addictive game,1
 good game got the the mod,1
 i like everything about this game,1
 damn this is a good game,1
 this game is amazing,1
 this game is outstanding,1
 the game is very bad,2
 absolutely great game!,1
 this game is so fun,1
 loved it awesome game,1
 very cool this game,1
 awesome game it's time killing,1
 attractive and fun,1
 very nice app.,1
 in love with this game,1
 the game is awesome,1
 it is a veri nice game,1
 last update ruined the game,2
 awesome action games...,1
 best game of 2021,1
 it's a bad game . its soo bad.,0
 so much fun to play!,1
 best game on android,1
 it is very interesting you guy have to tries it,1
 awesome nd cool game.,1
 im so enjoyed while i play this game,1
 this game is relly good,1
 most addictive game ever i used,1
 one of the best games i ever played,1
 it's cool and fun,1
 awesome game forever,1
 very well made game,1
 best game for phones,1
 nice offline game,1
 it's a very fun game,1
 super awesome fun,1
 something very different!,1
 nice and it gives me feel like a hero,1
 this game is damn fun,1
 best casual game ever,1
 addictive..super action game,1
 love the crunches!,1
 fun play .. great music,1
 good game i like it very much,1
 enjoy this game to the fullest!!!,1
 i love this game it's the best game ever,1
 best game i ever played you guys nailed it,1
 really cool gameplay,1
 wow this game is amazing,1
 best game of all time,1
 my experience with this game is the best,1
 really fun game,1
 very nice casual game,1
 this game has lot of potential,1
 it's a really fun game,1
 i love this developers games,1
 it's a great game i love it,1
 fun and exciting game,1
 best game on android,1
 new and appealing concept,1
 i love the play through,2
 exceptionally well planned,1
 simply superb game,1
 this game is so very good,1
 full of fun.,1
 really fun game,1
 so hard to control the character,0
 i enjoy the game a lot,1
 its very funny and easy,1
 this game is better then any game wow,1
 best offline game,1
 the best offline game,1
 wow this game is fun!!!,1
 i simply love this game...,1
 i love this amazing game,1
 nice game i love this game,1
 honestly a fun game,1
 i can't stop playing,1
 it good to enjoy time,1
 this app is really amazing.,1
 the game is good for tp,1
 ultra awesome game extremely cool,1
 graphics are lit af,1
 love the game!!!!!,1
 very good action game .,1
 nice game i play it.,1
 awesome game... i love it,1
 this is such an addictive game,1
 love this game so much!,1
 one of the best amazing action games forever,1
 this is the most fun game ever,1
 it's soooo funny and addicting!!,1
 its amazing. best game ever,1
 this game is really amazing,1
 best game on play store,1
 i love this game very much.,1
 helped a lot in quarantine,1
 i wish it was normal controls,0
 nice and hard game,1
 this is a really fun game,1
 simple yet phenomenal!,1
 superb i love the theme,1
 this game is amazing. it's very good,1
 looking best for further future,1
 this game is so addicting,1
 what a blast! well done devs!,1
 nice game going well so far,1
 damn  this game suprise me on who good it is,1
 very very nice and good,1
 good game for casual playing,1
 so much fun...recommended.,1
 best time pass game,1
 this game really cheer me up..,1
 the word 'amazing' is made from this game,1
 amazing! love this game!,1
 just awesome thanks a lot,1
 amazing game  worth it,1
 best game ever i hope will contiune forever,1
 mind-blowing control 10/10 graphics 10/10 gameplay 10/10 cut scene 10/10,1
 enjoy this game love it.,1
 fun experience and worth the try,1
 best game ever played very awesome,1
 this game gives me extreme fun!!!,1
 this game is really i love it,1
 the gameplay is so cool,1
 best game played in years,1
 such a watless and wastelesa game ever i have seen,0
 rip off to drag n boom you should be ashamed,0
 extremely good and fun game,1
 very fun time waster,1
 this game is just perfect n nothing,1
 i can't even install the game anymore,0
 stolen sounds from a recent mouse tower defense game called ratropolis.,0
 the control is so terrible,0
 i love this game this game a really good game,1
 this game is so funny,1
very nice game   soo f**** good !,1
 fantastic background soundtracks.....,1
 definitely one of the best games i've played for a while now,1
 i freaking love this app its awesome,1
 i actually enjoyed it. fun game,1
 i love this game perfect game!,1
 lol this is game so fckng awesome. cool..!!!!,1
 very good exciting game ver well done,1
 this is good  big thumps up,1
 this game is awsome!! it really kills my boredom!! it gives positive vibes when i kill all that mf coockie monsters!!,1
 really fun and cute,1
 uhuuuu..!! the game today's generation r hunting best one,1
 please make a second game this game amazing,1
 it's the best quarantine game,1
 such an amazing game 10 outta 10,1
 this game is the best i've seen in a long time!,1
 this game isn't functioning at all .to the creator of this game please do something about this .,0
 this game super cool,1
 beautiful game fun to play,1
 best action game i ever played!! loved it,1
 never played a game like this....i love it,1
 one of the best games i have played on android,1
 the bosses are so epic love this game proff i love dis game,1
 very addictive game n i love it,1
 this game is one of my favourite to play it is,1
 addictive and tonnes of fun!!!,1
 music is exceptional,1
 this is a complete satisfactory game no complains,1
 enjoying this game more than i expected  it's pretty good.,1
 super fun and i love grinding this games,1
 super cool and original game.,1
 fun game! i enjoyed this game,1
 super game..cool to play..i like it,1
 very good game amazing and lovining it!,1
 controls are weird,0
 excellent and addictive,1
 the game is really fun,1
 awesome and funny game,1
 it always made me restart when i logged of,0
 greatest game on the app store,1
 one of the greatest gaming apps,1
 this is a fun game. and the music...,1
 rebel twins games are good always,1
 this game is very good and story. i liked,1
 one of the best games of 2020!,1
 nice game man u should totally download it,1
 this game is so good that even my brother got it,1
 there are some bugs and glitches,0
 these adds are absolutely horrible.,0
 best game and offline,1
 it's got my attn. (that's hard to do these days),1
 its great game its very good for entertainment,1
 the best offline game there is,1
 good game with fresh gameplay,1
 extraordinary good job,1
 it's a pleasure to play such an adventurous game,1
 good timepass offline game,1
 this game is full of action and amazeness,1
 fun filled and awesome,1
 very nice game i rlly recommend playing it,1
 if you want a game full of action downlaud this game,1
 all games of this company is perfect! 100% must try.,1
 best of all the time,1
 im surprised the game is free!!,1
 this game great. everything about this game is great,1
 good grapics and themes,1
 i rarely right reviews but this game is tight i recamend this game to everyone,1
  one of the most badass games,1
 this is the best mobile game i've ever played!,1
 no words just love this game,1
 exceptional game... i dont want it to end,1
 cool crazy game  love it,1
 i have a new favorite right here. kudos!,1
 i r e a l l y like this game and i advise you to play this =),1
 loving this game so addictive,1
 very well done game and enjoyable,1
 amazing fun to play..,1
 this game is just wow can't believe it's indie,1
 it's a game for casual time pass,1
 it is fun to play you should try it,1
 the best and most original game i have 3ver played,1
 cute. helped me through the boredom of social distancing,1
 it's a great game to kill time,1
 woah! wasn't expecting this game to be this fun,1
 i luv this game so much i can't believe u guys made this.this game is out of this world,1
 funny game butt verry nice i love this game please play on this game its verry nice,1
 good game of action and adventure,1
 i like it this game! so enjoyed to play,1
 outstanding would definitely recommend this game,1
 wooho what a fun we got what we exactly needed,1
  must play game. really fun,1
 one of the best games i've played on my phone top 3,1
 very cool game and enjoyable!,1
 awesome game great game mechanics all and all a great game,1
 best indian game i ever played its far better than faug,1
 it's so great game in world. i love it,1
 wow love this game..!!! its fun..,1
 everything was fine about this game. congratulation.,1
 this game is so funny . i feel i'm in matrix,1
 its fun and addicted,1
 i'll tell this game is only pretty good,1
 it's a really fun game,1
 it is a nice game indeed,1
 very addictive best game,1
 this game is so fun you must download it,1
 the archer things too op  pls nerf,0
 this is how u make an awesome mobile game ppl,1
 it's so good and i love it,1
 good game well played,1
 cool and fun game!!! gave me a vibe of my friend pedro!!,1
 loved the game. it's fun!,1
 i just want to say that this game was amazing game ever.,1
 one thing i am gona say its the best game from one of my list,1
 best best best i love this game i always want superhero slomo game,1
 very addicted must play,1
 this game is awesome i think they should make 2,1
 nice game  enjoyed it fully,1
 i stoped playing this lame game at the first level.,0
 this is a marvalous game  great action . i love it,1
 good game. i just installed it and i am enjoying the game.,1
 nice game guys make a 2nd one for this game,1
 agreeable this is an epic game if your fingers r fine,1
 it actually is a good game for cell phones!,1
 great gaming experience.,1
 it is so amazing and beutifull game tahnk for making this game,1
 one of the best games i have ever played. you should try this,1
 i think they can beat pubg in all ways,1
 i justed watched the trailer and i already know am goint to like it if i dont i'll be back here exaggerating hoe bad it is,0
 best game to play. simply awesome,1
 impressive gameplay features and all,1
 very hard and very amazing game,1
 me and my gf love it we can't stop playing,1
 this is game is one of the best i've played on my game list,1
 fantastic game i have ever seen in my life,1
 truly loved this game. worth the download,1
 great work developers waiting for more updates,1