Revathy Thiagarajan : Wow..I like this game so much,so entertaining lots of tricks.recommended
Dini T. : It was a bit childish but better than most of the games for mobile
BACT9N : this game is best but when im dowload the game the first episoed is free but the second episoed is 300 rupess
David Crisafi : Loved this game from A to Z. The only thing I did not like is that I haven't found I game that is this good ever since!
I KNOWS U : One of the greatest i game i have ever downloaded and played i like the smartnest of the character joe
Lewis Davila : Probably the best story based game I've played on mobile.
Jun Carvas : Love the game, want to see this as a Movie. 5 star House on fire
krysztinna cabrero : This games is amazing and well worth its price to get the full game
Angad Pal Singh : Great game just that you shoud make all episode free
Lentargaryen AU : I love it, The story writing is good on this one!
Beckett Proulx : Very good, but I don't want to have to pay for the second chapter
Lord Sami : It's a Good Game With Good Story I hOpe they Make More games The Developers Am Talking about.
EricTK_250 : Fun game! But I'm sad I could only play the first episode 😂
Anarchist : Awesome game wish it has more episodes.
Amira Chan : Sadly I can't afford the 2nd part.. awesome game.
NOEL BENNY : Brilliant I hope you games with good storyline like this.
lightningGoat02 : Awesome game but chapter 2 should be free
Kirsty Faichney : Really enjoyable...would have loved to had more to play
Gen xox : Awesome game and the storyline is super mind blown.
Indranil Majumdar : It is an awesome experience. More games like this is needed.
Niken Patel : really enjoyed the game. its the first time ive commented on any game/app on playstore! thank you devs!
Clifford Nuñez : I finished the game! It's cool the story has a twist.
Jonathan Els : Offline game that wants to manage your phone calls? No thanks!
Dawood Suleman : I only gave four star because there isn't multi-player
Jame Boston : Quite an interesting twist at the end of this puzzled adventure of Joe - an unexpected janitor getting himself involved in an unexpected sequence of journey, life and death.
Smiler Jackson : Brilliant I love it ☺️ but please make part 2 free
Rocket Jacksepticeye : Didn't open and now I can't uninstall
Majid Rezaei : there is a tiny xp design mistake , that every dialouge ,will be disapear soon, without having user controls on it ,
KFC : Very addictive and keep me interested very good game.
Mohammad Rayan : Only 4 stars because the second part is paid but the is very good
Dwiky Kasih : The best story based game on android so far i played.
Michael Lawson : great hame highly recommend playing all the way through including pt2
MANJIT SINGH : Bcz after playing 5 ch it will show premium levels and i hate this thing worst😲😲😲
PaNkaj : Shows blank screen if phone OR storage permission is denied.
_F1JI_ : It's was really good and I like how it's a mystery game, 10/10
Ben Spencer : Bro I can't even make it to the fourth stage it's freaking too hard
Youssef Weal : The best puzzle game
Colin Okenhall : Great little game, well worth buying.
mary moses : I love this game I can't stop playing it roccomend you download this game
ojaswi mandal : One of the best puzzle games ever
ThexQuiet : Please tell me how to start it doesnt say anywhere where i could start but i really want to play this game its looks cool but i cant play on my phone
Parikshit Naidu : great game which reflects innovation and creativity
home computer : The pictures given is not in the first part and it is in the second part and we need to give money for that also so not that good
A W : Incredible game. Amazing. Worth the money.
random #2754 : The game is very good but I think it needs more story
Paul Hulme : Brilliant, well worth the 4 quid for part 2. Please make another 😂👌
Connorboybarlow Barlow : I dont know much about it offline and my brother has it and its well hard
Seeja Nair : Wished it would continuse but its for the best.... Love it so much
Agent Shield : Nice game but ending would be more interesting
Spidey's 10 Gamers TECH : Loved this game. This is one of the best game I have, they should make more Games like this. Thank you
Rhett Stubblefield : Incomplete game. Ads arent worth stars
R JAGADISH : Game is running very slow
A Google user : Superb game.... Worth paying.... Keep it up dev
leah salvajan : I like it a little hard for the puzzels
Bryan Harrison : gameplay was good but call it what it is. a demo
Mariam Muhammad : Very nice game but please unlock the other part 😭😭
Mohammed Ahmed Samara : Wonderful, beautiful, lovely, amazing!
David Caicedo : The best story game I have played to thid time.
Batman : Sucks you pay for the full game. Wish it pay for up front
Rob Gunther : Challenging and fun. Wish there was more
BLUE PROJECT 2 : so good! thanks so much for the addictive game and character
Kavya Pal : Absolutely loved the game, was worth every penny!
Claire Noden : Love the style, great idea!
Connor Drozda : really good I loved it...I just wish there was more episodes
islam bentarfa : exceptional in every way
A Google user : This is the best puzzle game i ever played
Stormdude04 : Amazing work, well done!
nightmare kitten : It's a good game but I don't like how you have to pay to complete the game
Lisa B. : This is such a great game,I played it twice,I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME!!!! ENJOY!!
Kent Liewen Yan : I like the story line please add more season ,what happen to mr lumber ?
LastCall : Awesome haye how you have to pay for the 2 part though
NX20 : Love it Wonderful time travel experience Ending was awesome
SSR FAN CLUB : This game is amazing please make some levels free
GEOMETRY DASH : This game is so deep and need hard 🤔 the I liked the story
Random gaming gamers : This game is fallout,portal,half life and that anime green city all in one
Ishaan Garud : The 2nd Best Adventure game (after Minecraft) I wish you will make the 2nd part soon
Aireal Beardsley : This is such a fun and interesting game!! Nothing like you would expect!! PLEASE PLAY!!
rohit chan : Best Story and Good Game Controls and Nice
Christine Hoffman : This is only a sample game. You need to pay 5.00 to keep playing. WRONG.
Rakshak Rao : awesome game , it takes you to the whole new world .
Faijal bhaiya ji : Very very very bad chapter 3 level :-(
Aditya : Awsome story + Game design must play !!
Skyarc 77 : Great Story. Good graphics
Wong Jean Hann : I love this game but I dont get to play episode 2
Kallye Crabb : I will NOT play a game that misuses the word (retarded). I specialise in caring for DD people and misuse of the word is UNACCEPTABLE. I wish I could give it a zero.
Landyn the gamer : I've played this game for a few years over and over again and I love it every time
Cash Grimes : Amazing game good story and gameplay
Kiran Mesapogu : Addictive and interesting to play but expensive ;(
Jꫀꫀt᭄៚ : It's a good game. But please make the full game free
Cindy Gray : I loved this game! Played it years ago through gamefish..
Jeramiah Horton : really engaging story fun gameplay
Cup of games : Great art style and story
Zhang Ming Chuan : Excellent game! Bring back fond memoried og Monkey Island...
Youluk's Gaming : Because the story is short and I can't afford the part 2
terry obrien : Among the best. Not sure when this was made that very appropriate in 2020.
Cynthia Gomez : liked it but i dnt want ti pay for the other character so i deleted the game
Paul : Um needs permission to make phone calls? Seriously? What's next? Needs permission to wipe my ass?
A Google user : It made me pat money after I started and beat the first chapter. Now I hate this company and I hope nowone pays for the extra chapter.
P T Santhosh Kumar : Wonderful story And if the 2nd part comes free I'll right away download it
Divyanshi Shukla_IX B_19 : oh, god! difficult puzzles!
meek mill : A good play with decent storyline, yet to try episode 2
Minhajul Abedin : Nice story. Good gameplay.
Ivan Segovia : Is the best puzzle game ever
Chaysejoness : I would give it a zero star if i could i couldnt even play the game because it didnt have english i-
E :D : Thse game are amazing its making me peaceful and quit with sound
Eder : for some weird reason i cant download this game. it stops at 105 mb.
A Google user : Make more games like this... I love it so much
Emjhake Maranga : The story was nice. I wish that someday I'm going to make a game like this 👍🏻
iiMrSean : Coooooool game! Highly recommended but it needs some updates
Username : This game had a lots of secret messages and i love it! ;)
Utkarsh Chachad : Excellent game play and concept
Angel Fernandez : awsome game, short but awsome
raiyan gameplay animation : I like the game but I hear the creator died for canner rip
Wolfareen 21 : great game specially the plot twist in the end
Andrew Bryan : Didn't even play, as there is no reason that a game should require the permissions this game is asking for. Something seems dodgy here.
Siddhant Srivastava : So cool game but the complete story is not free....
Anxiousbeast265 : Why so many dead people ? Other then that great game.
-- : it takes forever to download, but I do love this game.
Daniel LeDesma : i love this game it took so long to refind but it was worth it
Mark Riba : EPIC GAME I WILL NOT UNNINSTALL THUS EVER PLEASE INSTALL YOU WILL LOVE IT ( if youre smart) AND BUY EPISODE 2 (TOTALLY WORTH IT)
i alarmed alien : Stylish and enjoyable.
Fredel Coetzee : Brilliant puzzle mystery game
Егор СТУКАЛО : Exciting game. I had a great exp when i played. Thx developer<3
Richard Tansey : Great game, i wish there was another episode
Ljubinka Stoilkova : Please give me super hard and boring if you like it I hate you😠😠
Chirayu Wagh : Has a good storyline but ch2 is premium,why? It should not😔
Rob Howes : Love it. Which they would make more chapters!!
agnes Inot : Its so good game thats why i gave 4 stars but i need to buy the 2 story
paltysork : amazing game a bit tricky but its amaizing
Yasser AlNuaimi : Excellent quality game.
Mikel Melvin : Would be good if it didn't keep closing down
Memphis Parke : Can you please put English in it it's a good game
MAHROOS : Wonderful,marvalous,avengers I'll like all your game please put more games
Alaz İhsan Çelik : Great game the puzzles are sooo good great game
Agam Sandhu : Great experience. Loved the storyline.
Shanna Dennis : Love this game, just wish it lasted longer
микрочип егет : It's good exept you have to buy the second chapter
Kris Mosaferi : Really cool puzzle game
Sajin Madhav K S : my curiosity to next levels was increased
Paul Banks : Really enjoyed, just wish there was more
Kyel Roberson : A very enjoyable and we'll crafted game
Banana guy798 : I love the game should make a silent age 2
Dababy _Covid : Amazing game!!!!! I certainly love it and recommend it 👍 😁😍
C. Mirashi : Just don't add these Money, I can watch ad to make that money if you want
Zaid Haija : I love the story and i love everything in it 10 / 10
Hindi by seema mam : Please update this game and release the chapter 3 This game is fantastic
Terryal Bell : So good until you have to buy the rest of the game.
Miguel Ahmadieh : Really its a good game wish you to be in the editors choise😘
Rang Er : This game is taking too long load
Orpy : Pls make more this type of games!! I love it
Syed Sarkheel Baseer : It's worth paying for the second episode.
Raju Bhadoriya : The game was very boring too much plase work
Steve : Why do you need access to my photos and manage my phone calls...hmmm
NWDE : The best point & touch story based game
alisha soans : Amazingly epic! Loved everything about it!
Me : Even free parts are enjoyable
Joel Bulger : I love it I hope to move further along through this game
Avijit M : Amazing game and story, loved it
Sun Ce : In chapter 2 the game doesn't have sounds
Hema Mam : This best game in puzzle game.
Yusuf Ali : I remembering playing this game when I was 4 years old and til now it's a pretty good game
GAMER ADITYA : This game is so perfect nice job Dev's make another one plz
Ward Alwardi : You have to have the high IQ to play this and it's really fun
Brandon Cummings : This app does not function on my Samsung Galaxy S10e.
Jourdan Smith : I loved this game no doubt sad it had to end by I recomend it so much
Angeli Nicole Serceña : its sad that you have to buy the 2nd part :((
A Google user : Almost Everything Is Detailed,What A Hard Work...I'm Telling You This Game Is Full Of Awesomeness!
Luna Milk : its really good great story line too
Shonin Selvaraj : Oh man!!!! What a fantastic game... 😍😍😍😍. I suggest everyone to download this game.... 😎😃
Jeff Ng : There was an Easter egg... To get Into part 2 without paying
Ilike Bread : Awesome, wish i could find out the ending ;^;
Josh Gibson : Wishing the developer made more awesome games.
Silas 2342 : Awesome game. Wish they would have more stuff like this.
A Google user : I don't like it as you have to pay for episode 2
Mohsen Bigdeli : It's amazing. Please add persian language to this version. I saw persian on ios version
Amitha V Maiya : Awesome game totally new and immersive would recommend
hyacinth romitman : 👎👎 Just when ure invested in the game, they make u buy it!
Tae Park : I really loved it though I wish it was all free
M Asyraf : I like this game but why chapter two price is so horrible
Jaime Lopez : Great game. When are you making another game?
Siva : If we received sms or calls the sound goes off
Eric Schwarzenbach : Decent point and click puzzler
Game Center : this game is very intersting ,clever & storywise super game
Ashutosh Singh : Very difficult to play
Ezekiel Braza : Very nice game i hope u make part2
DR.op gg : Best game definitely worth 7 bucks
Lovely Girl : I reaaaaaallly hope you guys come out with more games because I absolutely love this one!!!!
kanumurihariprasad raju : Simple awesome Nice story game
Melissa Gentile : Liked it so much I bought the 2nd episode!
Chyavan Nk : mind blowing game..... really awesome story.... 💥
Mehedi Hasan Jim : Just Loved it...❤ Every mobilegamer should play this game...✌
Glitzer Galaxy : Brilliant game, authentic and eerie
Awesome Austin : Chapter 1 is free but chapter 2 is $5 that is to munch
Taha Tas : Best story game I ever played worth the money
J Burd : Best point and click I have played so far.
miss whiplash : Great game would love to see more like this
SE GO : Worth the buy. Loved this episodes.
Brett H : awesome game w a unique story
Adam I : Great game! Played it twice.
Shanu Sheikh : a good game , but needed update now !
Лавр Жг : i love this game so much, this idea is amazing
ANW OUR798 : It's just a complete game from all sides
goffygrom 182 : One of the best mobile games ive ever played try it out
Stephanie Gordon : I really like the storyline of this game. Well thought out
Nathan Morrison : I like that in the game it,s voice
Noshin Mohammed : Best game ever!! I wish they made more games like this!
Gilang Sephia : my favorite of all time, smooth as hell
Adrian Adi : I really love this game. It's a hidden gem, I recommend it !
goalkeeper Perez Olivo : Its so cool in episode 1 I reccomend everyone to play it
Sudenur Bir : I like it but its hard a little
Luigi Jacometti : Why the game needs permission to manage phone calls? Shady....
Indrajeet Sharma Sandilya : I liked your game from manny times you were not developing any games
Operator 23 : Nice....but Episode 2 paid :(
Jain Mary : The best tap and play game I found on playstore
TOECHッ : Awesome game! thats all i could say.
Bishal Biswas : Amazing time travel game...
Mikaella Dean : Omg!, This Game Is Awsome. SERIOUSLY- I Aint A Bot- Heres A Emoji to proove it? 🖐 Ok- There We Go, Thats All I Have Too Say.
Mohammad Hassan Mawi : I hope the other chapter are free(just download)
Benny Brockie : Phenomenal experience! Great work, folks 😊
Shahadat Zulqarnain : Amazing storyline. Just epic. ❤️❤️
Julius Mokuwe : IT is nice but the blood in this game is far out
Tiffany Heller : No reason for a game to make phone calls with my phone.
A Google user : Nice job with the character
tim meaddows : Why does this game want to make and manage phone calls?
Darren Heryanto : Nice app, so incredible mystery
Swattik karma : Awesome game play must you will love it
Riley Nowicki : This game is so well made, worth the money
Mainak Ghosh : Nice story, enjoy playing.
Vikash Sarthi : I completed all levels very nice game❤️
Abdullah Khan : Absolutely amazinggg please you have to make more like these
Ty plays : I like although the part 2 should of been like free
black horse : Super but very short
Random Wisdom : Worth it paying for the full game
Radhika Razz : Might be the best game I have ever played loved everything about this game
Ilyaaz Allie : Amazing game and story
Ryu IFB XI MIPA 2 : a god damn high tier quality plot
Amanda Gilliland : This game needs instructions on how to play the game.
Asif OXO Ahmed : I want more games like this 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Atis Panda : Wow very nice game
A Google user : Please make another one of these awesome games
Asfak Humaidh : Nice game and music awesome
A Google user : This game is so much fun and has a great story
prasenjit dey : Best game of all adventure 😊
Juan Gabriel Echaure : I love scientific and time travel
Ravinder Kumar : I like the story of this game u know what i love it
Uchiha Sasuke : You have to pay to fully play the game
Warda : Love this game. Need more!
Aren : DUDE...THAT WAS LITTERALY THE BEST GAME IVE EVER PLAYED ON MY PHONE
Septiceye Culosis : it shows the house on fire logo but arrives at a black screen
Captain Sammy : I loved it i hope you make more of This game or episode
Malcome47 : Very good but was to short for me
Brandon Mathew : Great game with the good storyline
Muhammad shut up all : Super intresting game. Thank you!
Ramanand Raman : Good game must try
sam 1423 : One of the best mobile games i have ever played
A T : Why this game need permission to MANAGE AND MAKE PHONE CALLS? highly suspicious!
unknown : This game is magnificent and I've never used that word before
I C E : Beautiful, but I bit short
Sarah Damko : A JANITER! ON A QUIEST! TO SAVE MAN KINDDDD!!!!!! I still love this game but a janitor saving man kind? Awsome consept!!!!
Sub yoyo : I love this game but the game is hard
Chris D : This was great. Wish they'd do more
Ryan Mikes : One of the greatest adventure game I've ever played.
Gloria Maswabi : Good game no problems
Michael Welch : best mobile game I've ever played hands down
Juliana Aguiar : So cool but I gotta pay the 2 episode 😭
Dean Van de berg : It is a good game 🎮 I love it make more
Meet : Best game in this genre.
joshua aguirre : Damm its so good but i hope the update will be soon
D D : awesome old school feels
Gamer g k : Nice game I was full game play
Sherif Elhaddad : suuuuuuper amazing and sad
Wild West : Such an Underrated Game......
Lillan Branham : it looks good but i havent played yet but I will and ill bet i love it
Colby Willaims : First time I've bothered to review a game. Excellent in my opinion .
Kedar : Awesome story! Must experience.
Tahera begum : amazing game amazing story
Rayen TN : dont spend your time , dont download it because just the first chaptire is free
Eugene Mugubi : Tbh when I downloaded it I didn't know it was going to be that awesome
William Lang : Amazing this game is fun and exciting!!
Jaylon .c : fun game is is so much fun and it is a mystery game to
Oliver Murray1213 : It was good. A bit confusing. But good.
Kehn Marantal : This game is so cool more mysteries
Md. Mashrur Shahriyar Sinha : Best story mode puzzel game
carlos vasquez : Do you like the show Dark? Well the show ripped this game off lol.
Primepro : awsome and very intresting
Christo Van der Linde : The most fun game i have ever played in my life
Srikanth M : Excellent game! Loved it!
Dikano Nhlapo : It's the best game ever to exist keep Makin more games like this
il duce : One of the most developed story telling i have ever seen
William Schroeder : great game will you guys be making anything else?
DARK GHOST : One of the best mobile games I've ever played.
Syed Umair : The story is absolutely awesome..
Tyris Murphy : I love the game but I was the next guy was free
Evelyn Gallos : The game is good
Vicky Wojciechowski : After seeing i had to pay for the rest of the story...no thanks
Alexandra Paterson : Fun but too short :)
Nadeem Ahamed : Really enjoyed the storyline
Beverly Cook : Enjoying this immensely. But I can't find the address? For the ambulance?
Arman Hussain : Nice game with complex story
TheRealOne 78 : One of the best story game ever, recommend!
Johnny Cash : This would have been good if they had an American option
AntonGaming : played the game since it was chapter 1 loved it
Jianghui Yuan : Far out man! The best game I've played recently!
A Google user : ,very well done for you to all of them in my room for improvement the country to a few weeks of this world that we can go out to my mum just asked my friend are the worst feeling is when the weather in england
SubM : please bring out the other episodes for free
Matthias Kiefer : Still remember this fondly
Cy Ti : One of my favorite games
Ahmed Grine : It's awesome make another game like it
Tarik Rovčanin : You should definitely put this game on your bucket list
Joel Volpe : Pretty Good. Just Wish The Second One Was Free.
Call Me Jade : JUST BUY THE DAMN GAMN, it's amazing.
Buchanan Steenberg : What type of the light bulb it won't put it in so I did this like for a day now I installing it
Valentino Blegur : Incredible story and concept.
Beti Solomon : Great puzzle story
Zoey wang : loved it! need more!
HAMZA GAMING : Very interesting and good game
Rine : Uhhh amir u can search on google reason an app need access to photos n phone calls bruhhhh ayo
Hilary Alger : This Game Is Really Fun To Play.
Nipun Wanninayake : Very cool app. I get this app in pc tooo.
Chris Shaina Buan : I rate it 5 stars cuz I love adventur
Darryl Scott : Powerful awesome fantastic.....
Michael Joko Wardana : Fun ro bad 2 is pay
Frank Piobyron : Good I love the game
Velvetᅲᄉᄂroblox Jackson : i love this game
Sean Bradley : Very challenging mind game
Deniz Karaytuğ : I dropped my phone while playing so f u
sam costello : Loved loved loved this game!!!!
Gelo : Best indie game I've ever played
Tithi , Thirtha, Tatha. : this is a very good adventure+horrible😱 game
Ahmed Jutt : This game is very good adventure i love
Felicia Warner : Orion the black ninja sneak eye.s and he is very strong and powerful
subnautica gamer : I really wish I could get the other things instead of paying
Holly McFadyen : excellent time solving game.
Muhammad Dammak : Amazing, can't say more.
Logan Alderton : I like games when they look like this
Dan Lee : Great game good for brain
Warbei 痛み : The storyline is SIKC.Bought the the second eposiod and its worth of money.
be triggered. : Wish I had the money to buy the full game.
L Meenakshi : Awesome game, best game ever,best game in the world😎😎😎😎.loved it ♥
Anbu Ajay : I like this game and launch part 2 new game
AR/PR RICHARD : best story and gameplay
kimberlymackenzie74 : Don't get this game it doesn't support English
HammaD KhaN : best puzzles GM it deserves 5 strs
Wali imam : It is difficult but amaizing
Xavier William : Great puzzle game
sunil singh : This was a amazing and mysterious game
Pizza 3345609 : Great Game, House On Fire A Danish Video Game Developer..
Prateek Joshi : I just wish it was free.
Sebastian Morosan : I just love this game the experience gives me good vibes
Joana Marie Dadizon : I love this game
meggy_bubbly : wicked game..holler to the people who created this game. This game right here..GOLD
Prabhav : Wow what a pretty decent mind excercising game
kay stapleton : Love love love this game
Marie Olds : yeah since they don't want to have birthday are names there selfs i don't what do it was ride awake for me they still haven't clean there graves will they know been buried were ever that bubble goes
Jimmy Gallegos : best game. we need mote of this
Munchie Wise : what the Hell??!!!! I finish half the game in 25 minutes and you want 5 bucks For the other half. GO SUCK AN EGG!
Crimson, White, & Indigo : My favorite phone game ever!!!!
Joe Dominic : Great story from the future..
Death siren Fox fire : If the game was all free it would be better
Car Vids : I love how the game has a story!
Carryxcafe : it's a amazing game this was one of my favorite 😘
Matthew Millward : The only complaint I've got is it's too short
Lord Bob : This is a demo, the title should reflect that
Tommy Johson : too good to be cheap
Liana Stankevičiūtė : Not much to say here... only: It's The best game I've played!
Manju Goyal : Excellent game ever
Tabassi 10 : Best game I have played
K C : The whole game should be free
Ravinder Parshad : Very good game
Arnav Gupta : Great story writing!
Akash Barua : this game is really very interesting
Mahmida Rahman : Nice game.....! also its free for me
saroj G : Best story driven game.
Enday Wahyuni : Best point n click game ever.......
jnne : ok listen dev, mAke mOre gAmEs plss 😭😭🖐🏼 Y'all game are obviously fun and enjoyable 😩🖐🏼 Love this game so much ✌🏻
Robert M : I enjoy it. Very addictive
Eak Dekpuek : Really classic adventure.
Blue Eye Gamer : nice story nice game i love it
Pratik Dubey : Amazing Game that I've played on my phone
Irvin Rivera : I give it a 4 for the fact that we have to pay for the rest of the story
Daniel : The storyline is just amazing
Kirsty Dennis : great offline. kept me going
ND GAMER buddy : Why part 2 is paid 🤔🤔 but this game is op
Kenalian Gitua : Its a cool game i like it So much .😁
flo_well : Episode 2 must be purchased...???! Nonsense for continue this
Random Number : Love it! 🤩😃🤩😃🤗😀😄🙂 and btw i want more story like what happens to joe in 2012
The Greatest : Best mobile game I've played.
Samitesh Mandal : awesome storyline & gameplay🤗😇
A Google user : I am a big fan like this game it so amazing!!!
ツ : AMAZING GAME!! PLEASE ADD A THIRD PART!!
Xander Bothma : It was fun and a mazing
Cayleb Rehman : Great game and that's all to say about it
Kalyan Singh Chauhan : awesome game... .....we want SILENT AGE 3 ......PLEASE ..
everything for everybody : Awesome game tactics.
Viola Katherine : A crazy game in 2020 coz the plot twist in this 2012 game is relevant to our reality now
Salim Ansari : 2 Door free downloaded & open please help free
DiamondTDA : It has a fantastic story!
R.k Prasad : So calm and beautiful game 😌
Malak Tarek : Ok but its hard to play
Sabahat Irum : I hate it when I downloaded it it wont download
Steven Brown : Enjoyed the first few free chapters
mahmuod ahmed : Best game i ever had played on phone
Penny Kouneni : One of the best mobile games I played 😂
KOROUSH KJ : Love this game hope the silent age 2 will come soon😁
Krishna Ravichandran : Awesome One ❤ Finished it Within Two Days. Im Impressed
Christine Orrill : It's hard but cool...
Daniel Barkley : Best game ever 10/10
Ludwig Heijden : Awesome click and pointy adventure
Jayasundara Dilrukshi : Plz give us full game for free.plzzzzzzzzzz.Thank you.
karma : Amazing really picks up
Anurag Sinha : Mindblowing story.This game is very good.Loved it
SARATH SAILAN : great story, good game
Brook Biddle : Very pleased with this game ...
Dummmy log : This was utterly the game I've ever played
C AR : literally doesn't work
Kameron kestler : I didn't really trust this game really since it was weird
Mohamed Kamal : Best game i played on mobile
david saini : It is very long & fab game
Unironic DAB : Amazing game please make another
Totally None : Holy cow the story is legit like Joe slept for 7 years. I want more of this story
CH GAMER : #best game my life please make another gmar or silent age 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 please please love you creators
Marina Barker : Such a clever game, well done Devs!
LiLoLeLa : The best mobile game i ever played
Rashed : I love the story honestly you should make books
Anandhu Manoj : Bad game and boring ..... Dont install this app .... Waste game
MADZ MAAYON : Please make more games like this😭😭
Leo Rain : Only played the first episode, pretty good
Marc Angelo C. Cayabyab : I finished the story and its Amazing
lord man : This is one of the BEST games I have played
AnashVai : One of the best games ever I played…!
A Google user : Well done maker of this game It's a great Game
Sukanta Das : Best ever adventure game
A Google user : Put episode 2 free or more expensive .
Hemlata Rai : Very good game for life
A Google user : Please make more games like this
lijhe : Too slow-moving for me.
kedna masse : Its so funnnnnnnnn so so so funn
Julius Stewart : What do you think this is a real review or not. Just know that this was ww's all the way across the board
Dwight McKnight : Amazing is all I have to say
Michael Whitfield : I'm loving it, I just love a challege.
abc cba : Great game enjoyed it.
M.A. Abdus Salam : one of the good puzzling games....
CRAZY RUSSIAN : You should make episode 2 free please
mohamad sabori : best mobile game ever!
ianowtfan16 ava eilish : This just the kind of game i like
Aman Agnihotri : I played this game on my of and its sick dude
AIO : Really loved the game
Bob Jones : I wish more games were like this.
Rayz Com 13 : This game is totally my favourite!
Tejas Bansal : Nice but I can't get part 2
Yash Verma : Great screenplay and storyline
Barb Cruz : So far I really like the game
Kazi Abrar Hussain : Wish it wasn't too short
DS Smoky : Good game you should try it ☺☺
Graham Algie : Atmospheric great style
Dan Flavin : Wow this game is very excellent
A L A I N : Really complex game...
Chelsea : it supposed to be full chapter!
Sujin sv : Nice game play love it
A Google user : this is good game to play
Lungisani Mlangeni : Best game on the playstore.
Mashiur Emon : Good story. I like this game
Aman kumar Haldar : please bring silent age 2 also please😉
Connie Reeves : I didn't play cus there is no English
jeeva : Hey , the control of these game are asome wow
Sarah singh : its not even letting me play !!! :(
Tshepang Thoka : Amazing game on fire
Viggo's Gaming Channel : Best mobile game I've played
Clark Clayton : Best Game. Best Story.
Thuy Linh Đang Thi : I love this game's atmosphere
SheaTheBear YT : ucan you make a new silent age 2 i❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💓💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙💙 the game
Nanagi Devi : Amazing I satisfied to this best game
adeel klamati Baloch : (My MB lost) Please dont download this game not free 1st buy game to playing
A Google user : Nc game I love this game please update...😀
Al-Farouq Omar Mardini : The best game , i played ever !!!
A Google user : It was Awsome. i played this when i was 6
Kiera Watkins : YOU HAVE TO PAY THE APP 5 DOLLARS TO PLAY THE SECOND SEASON
Damiion De La Garza : OMG this is such a good game
Me 2 : Excellent truly amazing 👏
Rebecca Waldrup : Loved this game so much.
Tyler james-jones : My favorite game ever!
A Google user : You have to buy the second episode it is not right
Naymyo Khetsix : Story is verry cool..I love it
ZoteTheDead : Amazing, nothing else
ThinkingTooMuch : This is such a great game dowload it npe
Josiah Hopkins : Novel approach to a mystery game.
Ashima Singh : Doesn't start on Realme X(India). Please help.
Dylan Dyer : I Absolutely love this Game
A Google user : Ending was bad I mean bad why make a second
Felicity McClain : Coolest game ever!!!
Paula Sim-Sventy : Really fun game
Margaret Johnson : This game is awesome
Elder Zimriah : My only complaint is that the game ended.
m00se_ guzzler : The game is awsome!!!
Agni Saha : an excellent game...
Andrew Purdy : This game is just amazing.
Christina Beard : Mysterious and challenging
H J : It's just .. so great!
Vincent Wandisa : Plz make a part 2 of this game
Ip man Brucle : Can i lucky patch this game to hack
Anjana Dutta : wow this game is so cool
Adam Smith : is episode 2 free yet? ill give it 5 🌟🌟🌟🌟🌟if it is
Priyansh Jain : I played this game almost 3 year ago
Samrat jyotish : I can't get the episode 2
Ryan Sanders : Great retro feel
Abou Joud Abou Joud : lt is very nice game
Mico Amir Manlapaz : How can I purchase the next episodes?
UNIQUE GAMERZ : Make more offline games
Mahsa : Last updated 2016???!! Wooaoow
John Rodriguez : Bro why tf do we have to pay to get part 2 that bull
LifeTrix Muna : Awesome mix up of present and future!
THANASIS ZOUBOULIDIS : F@kc this game bikos is demo... I think...but I liket
Da explorer : Sad to know you havent made more games
Black Swordsman : I like that game to much 👌🤩🤩
saporrow fiq : Among the best game ever!
David Brown : Tediously slow and Uber boring
itsTEO_ : I don't know why but I no like the game
yadirutzza yadira : love this game..❤❤
A Google user : This is sad I can't stop crying
Michael Banda : Y do you have to pay for the second part😞😞😞😞😞
Psycho Gamer : amazing game 😀 i enjoy this game ☺
ΒεαៜτΒɸψ ΔŊΔSΗ : I wanna play episode 2 free
voltaire vlogs : this is fun i like this
Gaurav Nathwani : Need a part 2 for the story please?
meli mel mel : Best game I've played in a while
Lin Gray : Good game im enjoying it!
A Google user : Best game i've ever played....
Clone Trooper : Nice game to play
Ruth Amores : This game is really fun.
Joy : I really enjoyed it.
A Google user : really amazing game
Kristy Parkinson : Adored this game!
nouran madkour : Good because it is for smart boys
Shawn Tan Kai Xuan : please make ep 2 free. thanks!😉
JMark Alatao : I love the game so much!
STARXX LIVEONLINE : One of the best app games
Mahtab Hossain : I'm waiting for the second part of this game❤❤❤❤
Christopher W.G. Tempel : Thanks great game!
Rishan : I love it this game
Frostfire : One of the best game I ever played
faheem ashar : Why is there no sound
A Google user : Its a really cool adventure
CKorion 平和COLD : best game ever I have played
Jenny Lane : OMG so good!!! make more!
Akash Kumar R : the best game ever!
Bate : it is very good game.
Obi Divine : It is good lovë ït Thanks
DDdd NNnn : Excellent throwback adventure
Daniil Romanovich : you made the user run up and down like a retard
Moltkeys : This game was my childhood
Pepper Johnson : nice game thank you
Meow Meow : I love this game..😊😊😊
Suraj Grewal : Like a micro steins gate game
Chassity Corkern : Did not donload recamend good internet
Jatoonz Jatoonz : Good game. I love it.
Natalie Stanton : It's sick and scary
Asare Micheal : Best story based game
Keru Story : This game don't make sense
Samay Usapkar : BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED
عبدالرحمن خوجه : Nice game overall
Asmaa Elalaoui : Very nice game
Detamar Nogueira : If that isn't art I dunno what can be.
ashin mohammed : Too bad its not free..
Ziaul Haque : Worst app ever so boring 😡😡😡😡😡
Alfos the Epic : This game uses Helvetica.
Sumit Sinha : Nice game wonderful
stacey alvarado : Good game to play
Miri : This game was phenomenal.
CodeFreeze 281 : I think I love game
Abitameem Murtuza : I wanted to ppay ahead but 😭paid
usman xid : The best game ever
Inkendiary Maths : Definitely good game.
kody singleton : best game i have played
Dennin Dalke Onório : Really involving story!
Luca Trevisani : 5 stars are not enough.
kyle reez : How to be one of ur animator team
jaja mendoza : enjoyed this game!
Ace Adrian Bombales : good game very nice
Tomasz Snopek : Love this game 🤍
ismail kimchi : i need [the Silent Age 2] please 🙏🏻
Taufiqur Rahman : really cool game
Kikui Amano : Love this so much
chamaka pramuditha senarathna : Cool good gameplay
Maria Naumova : Great idea about the past/future hops.
Bino Sam Abraham : Awesome game play
SimonBrownMUSIC : Good warm fun.
ranaumargreat : Not installing in my tab please reply
Harish Deka Class 6th C Roll no 14 : Very nice game
Anabel Ayon Ortega : im stuck on chapter three!
Ghost : The best game ever
Creedmore : Dis is so awesome
Imrannoor_ IN : Nice story is a good
Sanjay M : Sanjay95 is not you are so sweet dreams my phone was on after mc7e55ufkrtftrurf7yfu5f5ruitffuifititfciidcdctciricftudci7etocrs7ltir5iretagxkgdkiae5frulsltus5ftisrsyfycyt8td8g6j96rnekteh2 is a very happy birthday party and the pursuit of the pursuit if I cap to make it work on the charger is not only about it was a great time with you and your friends and family members who are you going with the flow of blood pressure on a great time with you and your friends and family members who are you try
Sherry O'Brien : Loved it! Please make another.
Skeley ton : The story is amazing
OUI : guys, u make a new game?
Linn : awesome story line
l'eau Lune : Dis be getting my brain all daaang wut
Kanai Patra : How to play?
zeke god : I like the game
Ivan Martin : its so scary😫
Cassius Lee : Stuck in jail...
Let's Laugh : Very bad experience
Ajeet Salunke : love it man
Ayush Jadhav : Who is joe ? ☹️
michelle wiley : Beautiful & Dark
Prerna Swastik : its just AWESOME
indian funny btf : I LOVE THISH GAME
juicy melo : i dont like this
Cheezy- Onion : Why do we have to pay
240 G : make episode 2 free plsss
Czaich Samaniego : I WANT MOAR
doge playz : 5 star pls
epic gamer : i hate this game it sucks
Alex games Jan : MAKE ALL PARTS FREE OR ELSE
Kyla nicole Leu : Its kind a bad
Vigo Fox : No Way Olé
Mina Minaaa : Sea games day hgf
jerri baird : Fight for it
طارق فكري : bad bad bad bad bad
suyash malviya : what a story !
Ram Dixit : nice about that
Aidan P. : A lot of loving work was put into this game, and it is very apparant. The music and voices are excellent, the visuals are simply stellar, and the puzzles, while not too hard, are rewarding. The only reason I am not rating this 5 stars is because of the price. The first half of the game is free, while the second half is $5. I purchased it and enjoyed my time, but I think it is worth $2-$3 instead of $5. However, try the first half and see if you like it, there is nothing to lose.
Karilee Anderson : "Sweet mercy...It's like riding sidecar with a Unicorn down a mountain of cashmere sweaters"! ... Hee Hee! I loved this Game and Story. worth every penny, and you know right away that after the second chapter, if you want to continue playing the game ( 8 more chapters) You can pay a minimal price, and there are no Ads. Great Job Developers! Give us more?
Chetan Chaudhary : It has one of the best stories of the games that I have played till now. I liked the way we switch between past and present to find objects and open doors and stuff. It took me about 6 hours in total divided equally into 4 days to explore everything and tech the ambulance at the end of the first chapter. Loved the cutscene after that as well. I haven't bought the next episode yet but I will definitely sooner or later.
Samyuktha Krishna : A big fan of this point and click adventure; love the graphics and story! A lot of folks are complaining about the steep price of the game. The first part is free, you pay for the second if you want to continue. Imagine the amount of effort and time that goes into making a game with a well written story and pleasing graphics. I honestly felt the $5 is justified. Please make more games like this! 💙
Travis Nelson : 05/10/21- I revisited this game in it's entirety playing all the way through both episodes, and this game is one of the best. The story and plot is gripping, interesting, and keeps you engaged. I was a tad sad to finish it honestly. 10/10 absolutely loved this. 11/22/17- This game was once only a mobile and and now it's also on PC. But for being a little mobile game, this truly has a gripping story, I have such a high opinion of this game. It's amazing, I have loved every second of it. 10/10
James Silver : I love the smoothness of the gameplay. Great details and a good story. I found Part 1 of the game reasonably easy to complete.                                                   Paying £4 to unlock Part 2 won't happen anytime soon as it's too expensive. If the developer's add new Parts & concepts to the story, included in the £4 spend. This would make a great game to buy.                   Part 2 came out 2 years ago, are there going to be anymore parts or is this it?
Matthew Ellertson : Great puzzle/point and click adventure! The storyline got me hooked instantly, and I picked up on what to do in a reasonable time. One thing though: The header image says Episode 1 & Episode 2. While yes it's in the game, you gotta pay $5 for it. Would've been nice to know before downloading. And before I got really invested in this story...
Najib Aslam : I SWEAR TO GOD THAT I REAALLLLYYY LOVEE THIS GAME... IT IS VERY COOL AND ADDICTIVE... TO ALL THAT PLAYS THE GAME, I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD REALLY REALLY BUY THE SECOND EPISODE BECAUSR IT IS VERY GOOD STORY. Just one thing, I deleted the game cuz I finished it but after I download it back recently My purchased episode 2 was gone. Hope you can fix it
Heather : Interesting storyline and cool graphics. I like that this game is challenging and makes you think about how to solve its puzzles. You do have to pay $5 for Part II but I think it is well worth it. I was engaged the entire time. The only downfall: I just wish the gameplay was longer! You can easily beat the entirety of this game in a few hours. Still one of my favorite games that I've played.
Matt Anderson : I got frustrated after the first 10 minutes, and relied on a walkthru at least 6 separate times, just to reach the end. This has a cool story, and while I didn't like the characterization of the protagonist, that is just a personal preference for someone less "modern", but otherwise, the plot is cool. The art is amazing. If you're willing to pay for the next two chapters, this is amazing, you should download it right now.  Personally, I'm fine leaving it just here. But you should totally give this one a try
Tre : Nice concept with the ability to go back and forth in time within the same scene. You collect tools and objects to solve puzzles. It does get a bit repetitive and I didn't even buy the next chapter. However the story is intriguing and I do want to find out what happens. Graphics and design are impeccable! Definitely worth trying
Joshua Kallen : It's a fun game. While you might end up not figuring out what comes next, the difficulty is just right. The graphics are amazing, too. It's very appropriate for the game. But I will be honest, the price for Episode 2 is a bit steep for me. Don't get me wrong, I would gladly pay for it. Sadly, I do not have any source of income yet which is why I can't pay for the next episode yet. But, even so, I commend the developers for giving us a free portion of the game. I definitely recommend this game.
Barry Kent : Well, game is very nice, very good, simple, but fun. However, this is very, 
very short game (I completed first half within one hour). Simple and 
veeeeery short... and 5 EUR for probably another hour? Much too much. If 
devs would make few hours it would be too expensive anyway. Take a look at 
Rusty Lake gems and their prices. Or Don't Starve games... I would watch 
ads for this game, but 5EUR is much too much for such very short and simple 
game... Maybe you do not realize that for most people 5 bucks is just too 
much? Most of android users are not living in US, UK or Japan, you know?
D S : This game is absolutely worth the price. Great story and art direction, casually challenging puzzles. If you rent sci-fi flicks, spend an evening playing through this game instead. I... I mean... a friend pirated it first and still had to come back and pay for it. It's that enjoyable!
Irene Langholm : I loved this game. It's unique, it has got a capturing, mysterious atmosphere created by great graphics and mood music. And not least it has a brilliant story line. The walking back and forth between rooms could at times be a bit tedious, but the overall experience is five stars. Make more!
TallCakes Malone : Really cool so far. LOVE his responses to things when you try to use items in a ridiculous way. I do it on purpose sometimes just to see what he'll say. 😅 Just got to stage 4 and enjoying it. It could be a little more exciting in terms of puzzles that could be solved, or a slight element of danger. I do like easy games because life is hard enough. But I feel like a little something is missing from this one. TBD.
Lisa Ebe : I found this an extraordinarily fun game that I would definitely recommend to others.  Great storyline, delightful sense of humor and nice graphics.  Would have been five stars, except: it seemed like every single puzzle involved tedious walking back and forth between distant rooms (was that just me?), and it made my phone run extremely hot (I couldn't even hold it sometimes).  So owners of non-powerful phones, be wary.  Everyone else, don't hesitate to download.
felipe ribeiro : This game is very immersive, with good graphics and soundtrack, a great story, nice controls and good puzzles. The only defect is the short time of the subtitles. Sometimes I could not read because the text disappeared too fast, so I needed to click again to continue reading. It seems something easy to fix. I recommend you to try the game, and if you like it, get the second part.
Dancing Ostrich : One of, if not the, best mobile game I've ever played.  Just finished 2nd play through and loved it just as much.  The humour is great and the story is epic in its scope.  Great twist at the end!  Better than Broken Sword etc and much more innovative.   Highly recommend.
A Google user : Good game in the style of all those point and click adventures of years gone by. Only done the first part and need to pay for second part, which is fine, but £4 seems a bit expensive as the game seems quite short. Edit: Having played the full game, although well made, with a good story, I found the ending a bit abrupt. I thought there was about to be more game left and no that was it final cut scene and end credits. I hope they produce a sequel or follow-up episodes.
Mayara La`Rae : It's so hard to find a good adventure/problem-solving game like this. 
especially for apps right now that in my opinion are so basic. this game 
was worth plying. it wasn't easy but what's the fun with no challenge? I'll 
continue to search for good games like this. I respect those behind this 
game, it shows they enjoyed making their work and I enjoyed playing it. 
I'll be looking out for more from you guys ! ty -- oh, only thing. for some 
reason if I got a text or anything, the sound in the game would shut off. 
I'd have to shut it down and re-open it in order to get the sound back.
James Willis : Was a great first game, then they had to ask for donations for episode 2 afterwards... fair enough. But now they're charging for  episode 2 of a game that was already paid for by it's fans? That's cheap.  Edited to reply to developer's response: Yes, I do think it's fair that some people can get it for free even after others have donated. That's the very definition of donation. It's not a donation if you can only get the product by donating. Some visitors pay donations to free museums and art galleries. Does that mean I should have to pay to get a ticket to see inside? No, because then it's not a donation, it's an entrance fee. If fans have to pay for episode 2, at least stop referring to it as donations, because that's clearly not what it is.
Aneesa D : Its a well made game but you need to pay for the extra episode in order to really get into it. You get excited only to be let down! If your willing to  spend 5$ on a game than this may be the game for you because it definitly seems good. But i just don't understand why they didnt just advertise it as 5$ to begin with.
J.Kalin Tyler : Old school adventure gamer, so I get bored easily. While the puzzles aren't too challenging, they aren't tedious, plus the story is phenomenal and extremely interesting. It actually kept me guessing and there wasn't a predictable ending. Eerie and creepy. Great sounds, visual, voice acting, etc. Hoping for another installment :)
Android Altus : It has great graphics and easy puzzles. Humor is sorta decent. Story has white threads. If you ever played old school Lucas arts games like Indiana Johnes and the fate of Atlantis for example and it being 10 out of 10 Silent Age is 5 at most.
laurence read : A great game that I got instantly hooked on. The storyline is great, and the second episode, whilst expensive, is well worth it. If you consider that the fiver is for both parts, it's not that much. People complain about paying for this but the workmanship is amazing and well worth paying for. I agree with other reviews that I'd have liked more of an ending, or even an episode 3!
Amir Nikouyee : I really liked this game. In my opinion, there's nothing wrong with the game. Just one thing though. The second episode should be free and also, when I finished the first episode, I couldn't go back to the back. Like, each time I tried to enter the app, there would just be a black screen. But that's probably just me.
Valerie Seet : 25 May 2017 I'm not good with words but I'm just gonna say that this game is tremendously enjoyable! The $6.00 purchase for episode 2 seems very worth it.. 6 May 2020 3 years on I have replayed the game and it was still as interesting as ever. This time I decided to buy the second episode and it did not disappoint!
mopar man : This is an amazing game. Blew me away for a cellphone game. The  visuals, storyline, audio are superb. Love that its set in the 70's, and done right too! between the characters hair, the cop car, lava lap. etc. I would love to see more games downnthe pipe... Maybe an 80's Manhunter style game next?
Simon Whymark : Really enjoyable, good quality, immersive story. I found the scenes to be a bit challenging, but by no means impossible. I really really wish I could justify £4 on the second episode, but given that it only took me a couple of hours to get through the first one, the price is a bit steep. These days a lot of multi-million dollar Hollywood movies are available for less than that, and probably aren't much shorter!
Keyo : Great game. I really am enjoying it and am at the half-way point of episode 2. My only complaint is sound (it might just be my phone). Whenever a text message or call comes through, when it ends, the sound on my game is now mute with no option to turn back on. I need to exit the app and reload in order to restore sound. Really irritating. Other than that, no other complaints.
Karissa Mercado : "Demoted to 2 stars due to inaction to my complaint." I played this a year ago. Now I got a new phone, got the game again and purchased the EP2 via load. Had to remove it so I can install it in my tablet which it couldn't because no space, reinstalled it again on my phone and for some reason, I couldn't restore my purchase. Please do something about this. I really liked your game and haven't even started EP2 yet.
A Google user : Good but fairly easy. If you like storytelling games you'll like this. If you're looking for a challenge, note that this game is easier than escape the room games. And $5 does seem like a lot compared to similar games. Also, there is no Google games integration, so no save game. Not sure if the game ever stops you from playing levels though.
Jane Bobkova : That's my game of the month, easy. Got me hooked from the first minute, so I just binge-played both episodes (no doubt it's worth paying, trust me!). Amazed by the storyline (plot twists), graphics and sound effects/voice actors (headphones please!). It's on my top list now.
snoot snoot : at first i wasn't sure it would be worth it to buy the second episode for 5 bucks but man it definitely was. it's a very cool concept and well executed. the controls add a now layer of complexity that make it fun. i wish i could spoil the end but all i can say is that i was very very satisfied. the developers made sure to keep it realistic with the times (the first episode takes place in the 1970's i believe) and it makes it very satisfying knowing it is realistic in how a disaster would play out. 10/10 would recommend. the only thing i might consider mentioning thats slightly negative is that there's no hint button. thinking it over, i get why there is none, but it gets frustrating at times, and ive had to look up a walkthrough a couple of times to find that i was missing something simple. so if youre not good at solving things with no help, consider a walkthrough. ;3
A Google user : This gane is full of mystery and wonder. I really enjoyed playing it. The graphics are great and the storyline is very nice. It gets you to think and challenges you. The only bad thing is that the second epidode of the game costs money and I can't buy it even though I really wanted to.
Lola Twinkle : **Edit 2021 ** THIS IS MY FAVOURITE GAME EVER!! played this months ago and I still miss it.Any more similar?UPDATE. I just played it again.. Great game.. Any more? *Update" Just played it AGAIN!!! TOTALLY enjoyable!!! I am so disappointed with recent games and even the indie selection on GOOGLE PLAY.. Any more from House On Fire? Any recommendations?#Update 04/2019 Played again. My favourite game EVER. I really want another. Please? *2021Still playing. Where's our sequel?PLAYING AGAIN! 10/21
Pola : I was only supposed to check it out before going to bed. It was so good it made me stay until 5am (from about 2am). I only wish it were longer as it is just perfect. Third part, please?
Stephanie Rose : I played the first Episode which was great and I was really excited to see 
what would happen in the second however I was left pretty disappointed. I 
paid $5 and honestly it was pretty predictable, not really worth that 
amount. I definitely wouldn't have paid for it. It is great visually and 
the story was good but I'm left feeling unsatisfied.
julie Wallis : I was having a lot of fun with this wonderful game but after finishing chapter 4 I was not able to progress without purchasing the full game.  Now don't get me wrong, I've no problem paying but I do get miffed when I download a game under the pretence  of it being free when it is only a taster. Had it been a full game it would have been 5 star, had it been advertised as a taster it would have been a 4 star but I don't like being conned and downloading a taster makes me feel conned.
Amber H : Loved the game, but it's not long enough to pay $5.00 for, I learned that the hard way unfortunately. Just stop once you finish the free chapters.  Hopefully they come out with more chapters for the paid version.
Dani D : This is a great point & click game that has that old school feel to it. The storyline was good and the puzzles were pretty easy. My only complaint, and the reason why I did not rate it 5 stars, is because I felt that for the $5 needed to purchase part 2 of this game, there was just not quite enough content or gameplay to justify the cost (maybe knock off a couple bucks...)!?! This is of course my own opinion, and if it comes right down to it, I would say that if you have the money to spare, you love point & click games, and you really enjoyed part 1 than you probably should purchase part 2 of this game! If nothing else, it could possibly add a few hours of enjoyment to your life! :-D
shankar kakaraparti : Hmm.. Didn't quite like the ending. Too simple. Also no explanation about Lambert. Please make Silent Age 2 and add some more conspiracy to it. For a great story with such a great potential, it has to have a sequel
Zeb McClure : Great fun, traditional adventure game. Definitely worth the in app purchase. Only reason I didnt give 5 stars is because there is a sound bug if a notification sound plays, all game audio is muted until the app is restarted, slightly annoying but the fun wasnt too affected. Best adventure game app I have played to date.
Momoftwo : I would've bought it if they said it upfront before I installed it
G3tsi AK : Wow now that was definitely worth it. Problem solving where you're required to alter things in the past to get what you need... great story, characters, and the game makes you think outside the box to solve situations. Need more games like this. Would definitely pay for another.
Samantha Hulass : This is an incredible game. I loved the first one but the second one is amazing. £4 is a steal for an immersive two-part adventure like this. The story line is well thought out and there are so many twists and turns in terms of the plot. And the dialogue and voices are great too. Joe is such a hero!
Elly Brus : These are the kinds of games that deserve to be supported by your wallet. I would say it's equal value to seeing a good movie. Very polished,  clever writing, great concept and decent length for the money. The story kept me guessing with some great payoffs. The end is unexpected and satisfying - surprised I haven't come across the idea in other stories as it seems like an obvious one.
Rachael Burger : Such a fun, addicting game, with great visuals, intriguing story (until the end), and intuitive controls. *SPOILER* The major twist is actually the problem. With Joe being patient zero, everything we have done thus far through the game is useless. It is not explained what changed, if anything, and thus makes no sense that there are people still alive in the 2000s.
Jay Dormiedy : I paid in advance for part 2 years ago and now its telling me I still have to pat for it. Not impressed. I loved part 1 so I invested in the company and they screwed me. Thank guys.... I guess it took you so long to figure out part 2 that you thought that people would just forget and you just take the money and run!!!
Don G : If you play puzzle adventure games like this one, you're familiar with how often they seem random. Where you find objects, and how you use them often feel unrelated to the story. Not here. Two worlds are presented and tightly woven together for a superior game experience. Throw in the top notch graphics, strong plot, good sense of humor and great  voice acting ... what more could you want?!
Joan Paycoan : This game is kinda like a mind game. I love it! Too bad a thirteen year-old like me couldn't afford    part 2. I'd have to wait for a month to forget how to finish the game so I could play it again.
Andrew Volk : Spent the day with family playing both episodes on chrome cast.  Such a great mystery/puzzle sci-fi game. Very impressive for an app. Reminds me a little of Flashback on SNES.  I hope they come out with more episodes or more games like this!
דורון נקש : payed for the full game. and its fun. one problem there is an annoying bug that is very relevant for a mobile game. every time I get a call or a message or any notification, the game stops producing sound. hope you fix this aoon.
XRNOHPORTER Stanmore : It may have simple graphics and controls but they give this game a certain style and charm. It has interesting puzzles that are not always easy. The story is engaging except for the ending which feels a little clumsy. All in all, well worth a look.
Karla Palasciano : After the 1st chapter you are asked to pay for the 2nd one. I was expecting a lot more for the 5$ , and after the "very easy to beat" 2nd chapter the game ends. Very unsatisfying
Amir Monshi : Second episode is the final episode. It's not worth the money because the whole game is too easy and it has a lame ending. As if producers didn't have the budget to continue the project. Randal's Monday is cheaper and way more challenging and fun.
Maya Weisinger : Honestly this is one of the best games I've ever played. The graphics are beautiful,  the storyline is smart and captivating, and each level presents significant, interesting challenges. I was super sad when I finished episode 2. Waiting for the next!
Paul Winstone : Plus points 1st. Good story & atmosphere. Clear, simple graphics like 90's games, Another World & Flashback. First part free, tho really the whole game is what you're paying for. Minus? It's still over priced at £4, it's too short & too easy. It also didn't make sense * SPOILER * If it's inevitable the old time traveler would die regardless, why isn't it so that the world would end as shown?
Cheyenne Forrester : I enjoyed this game a lot. It's just really, really short, and I'm 
reluctant to buy the second episode due to that. If it's as short as the 
first one was, I'd think $2 would be way more appropriate than $5.
Zerg KZ : This game is brilliant it's actually fun bouncing back and forth in time messing with things to change the future.  The ending I didn't see coming until the last 10 mins of play.  Very well done and I hope to see more similar games in the future
Brian Valencia : I liked the story, it was very challenging and helped pass time. I wanted to play more but part 2 is way too expensive. I would of gave it 5 stars if the second part had a reasonable price.
Detlev Horwarth : 1 to 5, 5 = excellent, 1= bad. Graphic 5. Sound 2 ( breaking up, no sound at all). Gameplay 1 ( like Future War, even . better). Klick to select something is 2 (bad). All in all to short until you need to pay for a upgrade.
Steven Welch : Wow..I am really enjoying this! Thank you!! Edit: Already finished it but for me, worth the price. Very nicely done. A few puzzles had me confused but after thinking about solutions, they were logical. Well done.
Sam Davies : Fantastic game, brilliantly paced only to be let down with the last chapter. Felt like it was rushed and far too simple. I'd pay for the next game if I knew another was to be released soon. Although that doesn't seem to be the case. All the best!
Paul Brett : Great little short puzzle game- no irritating obscure puzzles. Looks great too. Happy to pay £4 for several hours of fun. You'd expect to pay that for a film or even a coffee or a beer- not sure why people think you shouldn't expect to for a good (ad-free & no in-game purchases) game.
Amanda Cummings : Amazing little game. Wish it was longer. Not sure why it has so many bad 
reviews. It's £4, that's the cost of a rubbish cafeteria sandwich. People 
saying they got stuck, well yeah, the whole point is that it makes you 
problem solve. I absolutely loved it. The graphics really fit with the 
story, the story itself was quite chilling and the soundtrack was great! 
Definitely use headphones when playing! Hope you guys make another game 
like it!
Michelle Abel : Finally!, an appropriately challenging game that is also intuitive.  The story line and dialogue are intriguing, and at times, humorous! The graphics are simple and yet, complete and atmospheric. I feel satisfied, and yet a little sad now that I completed the game. I am anxiously awaiting the next chapter. I hope it won't be a long wait!
Lindsey Mercuria : I really loved the game so I bought the full version. The only reason this 
isn't getting five stars is because the full version seems shorter than the 
free version. I finished the full version in a day, it was that damn easy. 
For $5 I should have gotten more gameplay, not less than the free version. 
Also, the ending was kind of a let down considering the storyline was so 
cool.
Jason K : Really nice atmosphere in this short point and click. Interesting premise and core mechanic of switching between time periods. $5 seems a but pricy if 2nd episode us the same length, but I'm interested in more of this.
A Google user : This game tells a really awesome story with a crazy twist! The only thing I 
don't like is that I wish they'd add a third episode, it's such a 
cliffhanger!! 😭
A Google user : ... but I like the game, played for hours until the end. it was great playing 10 chapters "10 Moebius Trip" was the last chapter .. nice game developer!
Matt Huggins : It's a very well done game overall. Nice throwback to some old point-and-click adventure games. Good storyline too! I would have given 5 stars if it was a little cheaper; $5 is the most I've paid for a mobile game, and there's unfortunately no replayability.
Ramix Nudles : Interesting, but awkward.  Game play is a bit slow.  If you miss something, you may wind up wandering about blindly.  The idea of single use tools is inconceivable and frustrating.  A katana, while awkward, world be handy to carry around for all sorts of uses.  A pocket knife would have more uses.  Nope, I'm wrong.  Anything had only a single use, even if the object would normally NOT be a single-use object.  Use it once, and it disappears.  I've been wandering around for a bit looking for SOMETHING - I know not what.
Rex Burn : Never thought it would be so good on its first part.. Will now buy the next 
chapter and will rate you 5 stars if its really worth :) Good job 
developers!!!
Comfortably Numb : Ok basic point and click but $6.50AUS to play the 2nd half?? Should be about $1.50 in my opinion.
Kichō Naosu : Graphics aren't the best, but it's a cute game. Took me forever, to figure out the bees part, however, it's still fun.  Only part that really kills my hype, was having to pay $5 for the 2nd piece. (& I can only assume further episodes would charge, too..) Wish this was marketed as "pay later" or something, rather than get the player to assume it's free the whole time. (Trying to buy a house, & plan for having a kid, so $5 isn't something I can do right now)
Manashjyoti Sharma : Why did you make the game so short? Such a beautiful game it was. Surely going to purchase the 2nd episode. Make more games like this please. 5 out of 5. Try this game and you will be in love with it. I hope there will be again more episodes. Please please.
Salomé Fromonteil : The most amazing game I've played so far ! Just perfect : great gameplay, just perfectly challenging, a lot of going back and forth (but not for nothing, I've loved it). I've never thought such a great game could be available on phone (could have been much better on computer i think) but it really makes me wonder : SHOULD I BUY THE SECOND PART ? I don't know if i should but i really want to. So worth it.
David Thomas : Good game but too short - after playing the first five levels, and feeling OK, it had me hooked enough to carry on and pay £4 for the rest of the game, was a bit disappointed that the the remaining paid section was only the same length - maybe a positive if you just play the free bit how much you actually get for free, but once you've paid for the full game you kind of expect that to be at least three times the length of the free demo. Ending was really abrupt as well as if the designers were just tired and thought, ah that'll do, we've told a enough of a story and got our money now, game over!
Cem Turam : Awesome game - felt myself in my favorite movie "12 Monkeys". Just so emotional and probably the best apl game that I've ever played. Im serious.. whoever made this game - thank you.
Erwin Rossen : A point and click adventure as one should be. Good story, challenging but not frustratingly hard puzzles and a good sound track too. Pity that the story in the paid version is not longer than it is.
Redfyre Fox : Great point-and-click puzzle. It's not too difficult, otherwise it could make you lose interest. I love the time travel slash dead world concept. Good graphics and story. I enjoyed it.
Mary Trouy : Only the first part of the game is free, so be prepared to pay a little to finish the game.  It was an interesting story, good graphics, and great atmosphere.  Your character walks a little slow which sometimes felt like lag but the game ran smoothly.
Saturday Sazaran : Took me forever to figure out how to change the game language which started in Spanish for some reason.  Not finished the game yet, but so far the puzzles have more to do with walking between locations in the right order rather than actual puzzling.
Jin Lee : Good graphics and satisfying sound effects, accompanied by an interesting story and puzzles. The puzzles are quite easy, which is good. However the playtime is very short and I'm not sure if it's worth $4.
Jasper Walker : I like it, a lot. Not too easy not too hard. The level of suspense is awesome. Controls are pretty solid. Great job guys. Please donate so that I could enjoy the 2nd Episode, hopefully it's longer.
A Google user : Gameplay is good. Story is interesting. The game is overpriced though. The 
second episode isn't as involving and complex as one would expect after 
playing the 1st ep. I was expecting more after the 1st episode when I spent 
the 5 bucks.
Nick Miller : Good game, not worth $5 to finish as its very short. Would've preferred paying $1 or $2 seeing as I burned through the game in 2.5 hours or so
Richard Carless : Beautifully stylised graphics and simple but effective point and click controls. Great story driven game, let down only by gameplay that is far too linear for this genre. Enjoyable, but not too taxing.
Chandan Roy : A very good game and its graphics are amazing and wonderful. As the first episode was puzzled and easy. But I am sad because I had to pay Rs 80 for the next episode.
Ajay Singh : Why is this game asking permission to make and manage phone calls. A game shouldn't require access to phone calls. A big privacy issue.
Samantha Doberstine : I need help on chapter 4 the entry. I have a syringe filled with turpentine and a lighter that doesn't really work. What am I supposed to do? I feel like I've tried everything including going back and forth from future and present. What am I supposed to do? Someone please help me out.
Nicole André Salgueiro : Amazing graphics and the plot of the game...l LOVE the suspense music , the mystery and of course the brain thinking puzzles!I like how each character seems like everyday people including the main character. Although it is a pity we have to pay for the 2nd chapter (totally worth it)I still rate this game 5 stars because it is one of the best games I've played in a long time!!!!!
nabannugak : Really well-made story, great design, great gameplay. The puzzles weren't too hard but hard enough that it kept you thinking, and the story was mysterious enough to keep you playing. Definitely one of the games I don't regret spending real money on. Hope they make something like this again!
Lara Dias : Extremely well done. The music successfully gave me the creeps. Quite intense for a simple game. The puzzles are quite challenging sometimes but not too bad that you would get completely stuck.
BTS showtime : This game is just simply dope! I regret why didn't I downloaded this game in 2013 it's absoulutly is a facinating game the background theme and music is so creative and awesome. House on Fire it is a generous request to you all to make second part,What happened with him in 2012.
Eden Angel : I would like to have a refund.. or at least a partial. The story was interesting but it costing 5.99 for one short chapter is rediculous.  If I knew that I wouldn't have bought it.
Erik Weddell : Initially I really liked liked this game. I thought it was a full game and that the second episode was available for purchase!WRONG! Total scumbag con job. This is a free demo! They want to charge you half way in for a game that is advertised as free. A free game doesn ' t end half way through. A free game should have a start and a finish. This is A DEMO!!!! SHAME ON YOU. I don't like the false advertising. Just charge me up front, so I know what I get, instead of the bait and switch. I won't pay now!
Hidden Happy Village : I honestly love this game because it is really hard at points and that's the kind of thing that I get the most YouTube views on my channel.  XD. But really its a great game and can you make more?
Pattotie Cutie : This is so amazing like never ever have I experienced a mystery game like this by accident. The voice acting is tremendous and I would actually buy the second episode
Natalie Lintner : I'm kind of disappointed that I paid for part two and there isn't any sound.
Arnold Kiss : I finished the Episode one, but sadly I'm not gonna pay to continue to the Episode two. It is a nice game but way too short for those who are looking for a free game.
Anthony Micele : Fantastic journey following Joe, and ordinary man thrust into an ever expanding adventure. One of the best surprises I've stumbled upon in a long time.
Briggy : Played this originally in 2016 and only gave it 4 stars. Think I was new to this genre and didn't realize what a gold mine this game is. Just played it again and it is easily a 5 star game.
Catherine Hicks : I didn't hate it but I didn't love it either. This kind of puzzle solving game is usually my jam but I just didn't enjoy the mechanics of this one. And Joe is so dumb...It's endearing up to a point.
Naomi Jane : Bug fix needed. Can't see anything in game except Joe and purple background. Please fix ASAP as I LOVE this game and want to give it 5 stars!
Nurul Ramadani Nasution : Nice story line. Completely immersed with this game and its story. Really curious about the next chapter thou but it's so expensive :( but nice work! Totally in love with this game.
Can Uzer : Everything is great, especially art, sound and music. Not a big fan of voice-overs. My passion died however after opening the game and seeing that all my progress was vanished.
Rafik Kazikhanov : Great story, no regrets buying it-just wish there was a bigger twist ending. A depressingly bleak view on current human interactions-to be honest I'd call it a bit dramatic.
Chewbroccoli : The story line is the best part. The main character is made to seem a little too ditsy in my opinion. The first part is free then they charge you to open up the second chapter which is almost double the length of the first. The price for this is steep considering the graphics are hardly ground breaking.
A Google user : Gosh I've never play a game like this before luckily can understand english very well so got no problem for keep up the story & for the Episode 2 I've think it's worth the money, 5 star + two thumbs up & highly recommended !!!
Jannese _ : A really good storyline with amazing gameplay and graphics. My only problem is that there are only 5 short chapters in episode one and you need to pay $5 to get episode two.
Rusyaidi Husni Abdul Latib : It's like a maze game with time travel as a twist. Have to switch between current and future time to get through the puzzle. I enjoyed episode one. Finished it within a few hours. Will have to buy episode 2, not that expensive i think but I'm a cheap free player. But it's truly enjoyable and highly recommended.
Miguel Carvalho : This is a really nice point and click type of adventure/puzzle, kind of old school PC games by Sierra and Lucas... First episode was a great change in a long time. Brought back good memories. But there is a catch, in my opinion a bit expensive one. If you want to play episode two, almost 5€ are required. Judging by the time I took to complete the first, it's way too much. I would feel comfortable with 2€ (two beers in Portugal). More than that for a few hours hours of fun sounds greedy. Nice job though. BTW it has an annoying bug: if I switch/multi-task from the game to other app and back, it goes quiet. No more sound plays. Have to end task and start again. Quite annoying...
Alyssa Myers : I love this game but there's this one point in season one story for where 
it says to light wood in the future in the sewer but when I go in there 
there is no wood. Did I do something wrong or is it a glitch?
Wouter de Bie : Really liked this game. The puzzles weren't too difficult, but I really liked the setting and vibe. The time paradox is a nice twist that makes for an interesting storyline. Even though the game was fairly short, it was worth the money.
Diana Bailey : Every think very good but instead the 9th episode, and look close its all pixely and it will like the indie games, you should add another session, plus cute down the price on it to like 3 dollars.
S Sosa : I so love this games it's mind blowing this game gave me chills at first when I started playing I was like umm ok but once you get into it it's amazing feels like ur n the game  it's very addicting graphics are cool everything about this game is dope I just finished episode 2 im sad its over but this one of the best games i ever played ...... please make more games like this good job............
A Google user : Annoying protagonist and boring story. I love point and click games, puzzle 
games, mystery games and had high hopes for this one. But the main 
character is so weak and spineless and the gameplay so tedious that I 
didn't care what happened to him. Hence when I reached the point in the 
game where it wanted £4 to continue, I declined. I had only played it to 
the end of the first part out of sheer bloody mindedness because I like to 
finish things lol.
A Google user : This game is a masterpiece, if not anything else, as the graphics and the experience is fully immersive. The gameplay and the vast ways and possibilities of interactions within the game feel all natural and are ingeniously crafted so that the entire experience becomes a real pleasure. Thanks to the developers. And the fact that almost every items in the game is reachable and the the protagonist's thoughts are reflected in almost every items makes it a fully immersive experience that'll never deceive you if you like point and click games.  I unfortunately can't buy the second episode due to Google Play's inability to process the purchase within the app. With certainty not the devs' fault.
shadow AIGI : It would be way better if you got clues I am dying trying to get somewhere still stuck in 1 part for so god damn long
Ken Chen : My favorite mobile platform game! I've played through it several times and 
it's great and refreshing to have something with such a beautiful story and 
intuitive controls combined with tricky problem solving when you play 
through the first time.
Yash Pawar : What a game ! I dont have words for saying. All things are perfect graphics,gameplay,controls. The developers didn't made any mistake. AWESOME, SUPERB GAME I EVER PLAYED
Adam Sadigh : I loved it. I even paid the 5 extra bucks for it. But it left me sad to find out the story ended that way. We need more.
Federico Pugnali : Nice graphics, nice idea, awful gameplay. Unless you like to feel smart plating dumb and obvious games, stay away from this one.
Sam Marston : Overall quite engrossing, but the puzzles arent too hard as everything you need is brightly coloured and the main guy gives clues as to what you need to do. The game was over way too quick for a £4 game
Shashin Masuta : I love this game. This is way more than I expected from a phone app. Its totally immersive, challenging, the puzzles are thoughtful, it's easy to play it for hours on end. I simply loved it. I played through the free part, decided it's worth buying. Glad I did!
Yiorgos Halkos : Nice story, smart concept, but way too easy.  I finished Episode 1 in about an hour, without any puzzle giving me a hard time, so I must admit I'm reluctant to pay 5 euros for another hour or so of gameplay.  Nonetheless, I enjoyed it while it lasted :)
Katrine Eunice DC Quianzon : Just download it, guarantee that you'll enjoy a retro themed puzzle game. Very engaging actually, the plot is quite familiar but outstanding. Though it's a little too short for my liking even with the episode 2 nevertheless I think it I get why it ended that way. Worth the money folks :D
Suzanne Granula : I loved it...took some time to finish and was worth the money for the second half.  Although I thought the price was a little bit more than expected, it was the first game I have ever paid for and I had to know the ending....plus how else do these guys make great he's without all the bs ads!?  I would definitely pay for another game! Awesome job!
Josjuar Lister : I first found this game before the completion of episode 2 and I fell head over heals in love!!!! I'm a great fan and I've replayed the whole game many times since I completed both the episodes, just for the atmosphere and the thrill of watching Joe solve the mystery!! I applaud you! House on fire games! And I really look forward to the sequel... The silent age 2.... (Hint, hint)
merrav g : I really like this game, but the title "episode one and two" is misleading! 
Only the first episode is free. It gets you into the story and then it's 
really annoying to stop, not knowing what happened next. This game is in 
the "free games" section at the play store, but it's not. Not cool ppl!
Will Haynes : The gameplay is nice, but the plot is really where this game shines. Extremely engaging and a bit suspenseful, atmospheric and emotional. I didn't want to stop playing. Looking very forward to the next project.
Sharkfins : Great story and very nostalgic, for me at the tender age of 32. So happy that point n' click games are being manufactured again. Always was my fave genre.
Terrill Scott : This game was F'n awesome! Once you are in the story man you're in the story. I can't wait for the second part of the story. I hope it's much longer and more interactive. On 11/23/2013 i witness and finished The Silent Age part one. It's 12/02/2020, seven years later - I downloaded The Silent Age part 2 and finished it in 3 hours. This game again should had been longer.
A Google user : Simply awesome! The only complain is that this game is too short for the price u have paid..
John Kieffer : Great for a few laughs and some brain exercise. I recommend taking your time and enjoy the comedic interaction between efforts to use objects incorrectly.  God bless you folks, believe in Jesus.
A Google user : I enjoyed the music more than the chicken pecking gameplay. The story and voice acting is interesting but not enough to push me into expensive chapter 2.
Shane Hollebon : Great game, logical combinations of items. Price is a bit expensive but still cheap entertainment.
Matt Tjahjono : Absolutely loved this game, played it all the way through. To anyone reading this, if you get to the second chapter, I highly recommend you buy chapter 2. By far the best phone game I've ever played. I really enjoyed the problem solving aspect along with the suspense. Definitely worth my $5.
Satheesh Kumar : Really nice visuals and brilliant storytelling.. would have bought the second episode if it's been somewhat cheaper.. ₹300 bucks is steep for a game this short.  But based on first episode alone, this is a kick ass game.
Krishelle Marsland : I loved it. The graphics were superb. It kept you busy but not too hard. I understand for charging for more chapters but i think 6.50 is a bit pricy.
Claire : I feel that there are no good point and click games these days, but this mastered the feel of point and click. The respect that episode 2 isn't free, as the game has no ads.
Will G : Like a summer fling,  I loved it,  paid out for it, then it ended all too quickly leaving me disappointed, with too much time and fruitlessly staring at my phone.
OTAKUBOO YEBOI : This game was horrendous it was too complex and the story was very much 
unfascinating me rating it 2 was ME trying to be as kind as I could be 
Sincerely a douche bag on the Internet.
Gregg Sciabica : This is possibly the most well designed and interesting game ever . Not only are the graphics awesome, many of the characters are voiced out . This is an amazing game which, although you have to pay 5$ for part 2, is well worth the money .
Ilinca : Amazing I played this game 3 years ago, when I was 9. Keep up the good 
work. I will never get tired of it. Great job.😉
A Google user : Game mechanics could be improved and the speed of interaction.. Based on 
the amount of puzzles, I moved around more than I solved puzzles.
setiawan surya : I hope there will be games like this in the future. After completing this game i look around and find none that matches this level of awesomeness
Joao Campos : Amazing game. Really nice storyline and graphics. Pity that the full version is quite expensive. Still think it's worth a shot, the game is really entertaining and addictive.
Travis Moore : Even though the second half of the game had to be paid for it was worth it. Can't wait for more games like this. I was addicted to it from the start
Leni C : Wouldn't work. Wanted access to make phone calls. Refused so it wouldn't open. Why does it need access to make phone calls?!
Jenny Chen : I had a lot of fun playing this game. The author did a great job with the storyline. Didn't want to put this game down until i finished it. Wish there is another sequel to this game. Totally worth the money.
Alexander Goncharenko : Huge unbearable bug. If game gets interacted by some phone sound(message, 
notification etc) the game sound disappear till next session.
ava hursey : I thought this was a simplistic game once it caught my eye, but the gameplay was intresting, and the art style was extraordinary. I love to play this game, and the intresting turns inside of it are pleasantly surprising.
James Ford : Didn't use a walk through as the difficulty was just right. £4 for episode 2 is far too high a price though. Should be £2
Maximiliano Podostroiec : Too lineal, puzzles are jokingly easy, unoriginal story, bland character.
Google User : Very good overall game. Controls are simple, story is good, decent character development and pretty good replayability. Puzzles aren't difficult, but sometimes require a lot of running back and forth.
WoLG : Please make the game free to play... Didn't really like the fact that you need to buy a chapter to continue... Please fix this!...make it free to play so everyone can play it for free and enjoy the game!
Disney Fanatic : The story is great, the voice acting is a nice touch, and the puzzles made me feel super smart when I finally figured them out lol. I would definitely recommend this game!
Bruce Nguyen : All I gotta say is that I actually paid the $5.00 bucks for episode 2. And I rarely buy games unless they are that good!!!!!
Noddio R. : It's not good for Huawei phones because cant guit the game as we don't have physical home buttons not back button.
Miguel Rico : This game is by far the best mobile game ever. The story behind everything was amazing, I do hope to play another game by your company!!!
Jake Lyon : Worth it. I was too hard on the game being short years ago, but I remember this story and how it captivated me to this day. It is atmospheric and pure, while being a puzzle game with a rich story.
Ten DiVittorio : This is an incredible game that has survived the "ages". I first played it on PC, and was thrilled to see an extension on mobile devices. My only only complaint is that there isn't more ! Hoping to see another timeless masterpiece like this one in the future. Well done, developers.
Ulon Pirmaggins : A masterpiece with no ads. Two chapter. One free. 5 bucks for the second if you want to know what happens after. It's as if you paid 2.5 bucks each. Common. It worth it price. What other dum stuff with 5 bucks. It worth the experience. Play at night with your bluetuth speakers. The mechanic is great. Like an upside down heads and tails flipping coin puzzle. Everything is pretty logical. Even when you don't find it's logical. When finally the solution comes up to you you say to yourself Damn why did I not thought to it earlier? The story? Classical but... deepness comes in a weird way till an end that you would think... something but... is it really as good bad as it appears. Art design tells another story. Masterpiece of game. Play it one time in your life. You won't regret your five bucks. I only regret not to invest money in the studio of very good developers. They can be proud what they have invented. It's a baby in the craft! Thank you guys.
Adam Cardenas : The puzzles here are a bit on the rehash the formula over and over side. I'm still interested, no spoilers, but I'm expecting/predicting a very cliche/overdone ending
Farzad E. : Puzzles, time travel, doomsday and mystery! This game has it all! It made me think of 12 monkeys.
M. M. Leal : I'm just in love with this game, so addictive and great history. Haven't played such a good game since The Cube series. Deserves 5 starts. I'm seriously thinking about buying the paid chapter.
Gina Reid : Could be a great game but really? $5.00 to continue is kind of ridiculous...
Brendan Engles : Even years after completing the game I still come back to play it from time to time. the soundtrack and design are just wonderful and enthralling and I highly recommend this game to anybody who will listen!
Koalette Koala Pouchy : Awesome...worth the wait for the second part ive never paid for a game but this one was so gooddd i had to buy the 2nd part PLEASE MAKE A SIMILAR GAME SOON!
Alanna Johnson : The puzzles aren't ridiculously hard, but they're not too easy to figure out, either.
freakyvirgo one : I would love to play it for free.. (some day)..But the game is very good. keep makin' Em..
Lei Ntvdd : this a wonderful game! if you love mystery games you should better try this.. but episode 1 is quite short.. ugh .. i wanted to buy the 2nd episode tho..
Declan McNulty : I loved it. Wish it was longer, but still I felt it was good value for money. A cut above any other game I have played on a smart phone
Joe Miller : This game is unbelievably fun and awesome. It has you constantly trying to figure out everything. The story is amazing and so well written. I highly suggest this title. Its worth paying for the second episode.
Jonathan Seyghal : Pretty but dumb, really not challenging and quite unrewarding, not to mention the huge amount of cut scenes that last ages and are pretty painful. Unsatisfactory ending too, couldn't believe it was the end!
Rob Hodge : There's no sound, no options.  HTC Desire, with headphones or without, I have NO SOUND. Kind of a bummer.
Mahevish Fatima : I wish i could pay and play the rest too, but i don't have a credit card! Love the game!
BongwaterGospel : Great adventure/puzzle game just wish there was more! Im sad that im done with it lol
Michael Morton : Fun game injoyed the story. Liked the controls. One issue way too short. Paid $6.00 and I was done the game in like 2 hours of play time
firman rusdi bachtiar : i can't stop playing this game. so excited, still don't understand the ending. Many question, about what happened.
kate moore : This game is amazing! I love part one an two but I'm a little sad it ended. Over all this is an outstanding game with both great gameplay and story line.
Veena Imran : I LOVE THIS GAME! it's amazing.. can't buy ep. 2 :( but I LOVED the first ep.
Felipe Alvarez : Finished in 2 days. Wonderful story. Ending was a bit lacklustre.
Kim Leih : Why pay for episode two the first one is very short anyways, not worth buying. :(
Frank Swannack : Gripping well-paced adventure with interesting puzzles. Joe is an endearing 
character with a great sense of humour. The quality graphics and sound 
perfectly create the mysterious ambience. Well worth paying for ep.2 as I 
couldn't stop playing the game until I had finished it. Highly recommended.
Ugnius Petrauskas : I'm not exactly one for good reviews but this game hits a certain sweet spot. It has puzzles that are easy enough to solve, it has a great story and it doesn't shove ads in your face. 3€ for a good story and a nice expierence, I'd say it's worth it.
Tushar Khandelwal : Found this game by chance and it has me hooked. Everything is so well thought out from the game play to the graphics to the controls and the storyline just flows well. I love that you can play Chapter 1 for free which is enough of a hook before purchasing Chapter 2. Can't wait to see where this goes.
Affordable Food Stoke : Great game, would love more levels for my £4 though. Feel a bit cheated tbh.
Toast : I used to play this a long time ago  I dont remember when I last played it but when I did I thought it's a prisoner in prison and he just sits there in his cell. But I didn't know what to do I was only young lol so I thoughts it was rubbish   gonna try it again
John Hixson : This is a fantastic game that you should not miss!!! I cannot begin to praise it high enough! Beautiful writing, gorgeous visuals, amazing and haunting story! Wish I could give it 10/5 stars!!!!!
heckingdog : There's an issue with sound. Upon receiving notifications from any other app, all ingame sounds stops. I've tried a lot of things but the only thing that fixes it is closing the game and reopening it
Random x27 : Simply awe-inspiring. I didn't want to pay for episode 2 at first but playing episode 1 really got me attracted to the story. Also, being a fan of point&click games, this game was brilliant in both gameplay and plot. Definitely recommended.
Aditya Pathak : Crashes. Tried as soon as it installed. Tried after reboot. Tried next day. To no avail. Waste of data. Pity. Please fix. Running MiUI.
José Bezerra : Nice game, one of best I've ever played on mobile phones, it's a pity that it's too short, I hope that another part to be released someday.
Bertie Van : Loved playing part 1. Have considered paying UK £4 for the rest of the game, but I'm not a massive game player so feel that it wasn't with it for me.
David Foster : This is a great game, only downside is that I played it too quick. Well done!
Crow : After getting to the fourth chapter, I can no longer play. When attempting to start the app I only get the H.o.F logo and then a black screen. App won't work!
Dentzing Huynh : I loved the game! I thought the story was just incredible. Wouldn't mind if some puzzles were a bit more challenging.
A Google user : Nice concept & yup,quite an adventure! It was interesting to interact with 
both present & future at the same time. Um...would have been awesome if the 
2nd episode was free,at least. Anyways,thanks for this & hope to play more 
of your games! :)
Abdul Rehman : Im very selective when it comes to mobile phone games and I have never written a review for any game, but this game is a masterpiece, definetly a must play. Intriguing story, the game play is streamlined and really makes you think. Deserves a 5 star rating!
A Google user : Played for free then had to pay to continue the game. Wouldn't normally pay but game was enjoyable, however the cost is not outweighed by the content afterwards. Would avoid!
Laurie Smith : This game is built on a very interesting concept but it was a bit boring and easy.  A pit pricy too.
Ayden Salazar : I love this game but I've been waiting for season 2 to come out for about a year and it's out but you have too PAY for it at least make episode 1 of season 2 free or lower the price to 3 dollars or something like that
Hermes Quetti : Never too much complex or never too much simple, the story flow is like a film you interact.  Well done hope for a new game like this!
Jemima Kwok : oh man i love this game. The visuals, the gameplay, the story. This is pretty much the only kind of game that can hold my attention.
Batuhan Dogan : This game is great but it will stay in one star until the restores my purchases and stop asking me pay again. (fixed)
Chris Johnson : Good story, clues not too esoteric like some other games. Atmospheric as well. Worth the £4 for part 2
Maggie B : A brilliant puzzle game that makes you think but isn't impossible! Loved the story and the characters. Animation was fantastic
C Reds : What the hell?! So I'm on the train playing through the game, takes maybe 
an hour and I've done part 1 only to find out part 2 needs to be 
unlocked... Very poor, you should make it clear to people this is the 
case!!!
João Campos : One of the best games that I ever played. To bad that episode 2 isn't free.
Parker Merlihan : Really fun game to play, even though I've never been a fan of puzzle games. Enjoyed the story and characters. I would've enjoyed more movement on screen, and perhaps the time travel story could be a bit less confusing. Overall though, a solid good game.
Agon Leed : Really well made game. Keep doing more like this. An Out of This World feel. I would like more of that type of game play myself. Hanging off ledges and run and jumps for certain puzzles. But doesn't take away anything from this game or game play. IT'S AWESOME
Kristin Jones : Best app I've ever played. Wonderful game mechanics, solidly enjoyable puzzles that are always solvable, and actually good writing. 10/10. It's the only game I've ever paid money for - and I'm incredibly glad I did. I just wish there were more.
Thomas Schmidt : Die minimalistische Steuerung und Grafik gefallen mir ausgezeichnet. Es lässt sich sehr angenehm spielen. Die zweite Hälfte der Reise kostet 5€.
Denise W : It was fun. Had to get walkthrough help on chapter 2, but finished the rest 
on my own. Five dollars is a bit much for part 2 (especially if it's as 
short as part 1). Maybe it will go on sale someday.
A Google user : The game loses sound if my phone receives a notification while I'm playing. 
Have to restart the game to get the sound back. It's very annoying.
Samuel Brown : This game was the best game I've downloaded so far. Love the suspenseful music. Awesome game! Gotta buy part 2 though. Bummer!
Galactic Traveller : This game was so taxing on my google phone that it fried the chip. I have to buy a new phone now. I only played it once, and that was all it took.
Gary Hoppenjan : Spectacular game only had one tiny problem with a puzzle but then slapped myself when saw was too easy was thinking to much lol if you play this game prepare to enjoy it am going to spend the extra $ for part 2 cause I want to see how it ends Thanks devs for coding the game was kick are fun will definitely tell buddy's to play the ending is way unexpected I'll say that much have fun playing guys and gals
Matt Krcma : This was a very excellent game, with a wonderful story. It's a complex time 
travel tale, however if you are familiar with time travel movies and such 
it will be familiar. But it looks amazing, I love the style. Definitely 
worth the $5 just for the story.
Hamna Tahir : I had been looking for an adventurous game and this fit the description 
right in. Still on the first episode but till now the graphics , story and 
art direction is really great. Good job team!
Amy Bromley : Great but too short. Played much better for same or less price. Was literally shocked when it ended as I was anticipating several hours more play.
A Google user : The retro style, the funny comments the main character makes when you try 
to perform nonsensical actions, the very interesting story, and the the 
clever puzzles all make this game worth playing.
Colin Philip : Great game to play.  However,  as Chapter 1 was quite short,  I'll not be paying £4 for Chapter 2. If it had been cheaper yes - but at that price,  absolutely no, which is a shame as it was fun playing the first chapter.
Farzaan Khan : Marvellous game. Hats off to devs. One can easily say you guys have put a lot of efforts and thoughts. What a story/concept. So creative . The voiceover artists are amazing too. 300Rs/5$ is worth spending on this masterpiece.  5 stars 😃 .
Itsuki Matsuo : The story is great and gameplay is smooth, but it would be better if we could run, walking during scenes make the game slow and take away the joy. Thank you.
RIP-streams by DONalex : All I can say is that I enjoyed this beautiful game, wish it had me then 2 episodes. The story was epic and kept you curious til the end and very easy to interact with all. Good job.
Dav Clark : Nice that you get a full game to explore before buying the exciting bit. A total Kings/space quest throwback, but more tappy and with a nice time travel game mechanic. Definitely worth a play.
A Google user : Meh. There's not much to solve/figure out, but a lot of pointless walking around. Game play is pretty slow.
Yvonne Lee : There's a definite bug on my phone (S10E). Whenever I exit the game window ie. Switch apps (not closing the game) and go back to it, there's no more sound. I need to close the game and restart it again to get sound.
Matt Zuchowski : I played a full PC version today, July 31, 2020 (2014 before, yet just 1st episode on Android). Very atmospheric, easy to go through, entertaining experience. Time traveling feature is awesome!
Shatyia Givens : Loved It  I love this game so much. It's not only challenging but it has great graphics. A huge no-no was having to buy the second part, or episode, but overall I thought it was a good game.
hayden : The only problem i have is every time i get a notification the sound just conoletly stops and i have to restart the game plz fix
MonoWave : Well I managed to complete chapter one but now its not letting me play chapter two . I mean do I have to pay for chtr 2 or what anyway absolutely love the game its just the thing with chtr 2 that's the problem and is there going to be an update soon
Federico Pecora : Absolutely brilliant idea, wonderful atmosphere and intriguing adventure. Too bad it had to end!
Daniel Hultberg : WOW! Great story, just hard enough difficulty, beautiful graphics. Loved this game!
Keyan Beard : This is easily one of the best point and click mystery game I've played. Excellently crafted atmosphere with the sound and visuals. Loved playing it. Worth every penny for episode 2. Keep up the good work.
Semir Teskeredzic : Great atmosphere with adequatly logical puzzles. I can't afford a hefty 5$ second episode but what I have seen so far it probably is quite interesting indeed
MrRishi100 : Really fun story line, fun problems that werent too hard to figure out best game everrrrr
Chad Duberry : Requires a ton of unnecessary permissions: Location access, media access, phone call access.....what???
Camden Boyd : This is awesome! I love the gameplay and storyline. I also love it being 
free (or at least a large portion of it if not). It's challenging, but not 
impossible like many other games seem to be.
Morgan McCormick : I've played this through multiple times and it's fantastic! Edit: I wish the devs would create another game like this one. It was so incredible and there's nothing else on the app store like it.
bree : This was such an amazing game! Sure, I got stuck on a few levels, but overall I loved it.
Maria Elizabeth : What a great concept! Really like the past and the future concept.. The plot is really intriguing, the puzzles are not too hard to solve.. Liked the ending, but it's sad to see that Joe is always by himself.. However, overall it's a great game with a great concept..
Saffan Shaikh : I am confused on 1st episode last part i dont know what to with that carpet please anyone help me.  Plz.
Tony & Tammy White : Loved the art, the music is very well done creating some suspense.  I think I will purchase this in the near future!     Does $5 pay for the complete game, or another section?
Natalie Carroll : I love this game! I wish it didn't end! Amazing storyline! Definitely worth a try! Although i do think it should be much better & definitely longer, especially for $5. I beat it in less than a day.
A Google user : Great game with an engaging story. Likable character, interesting puzzles that fit well into the story line. Well worth the money. I kind of want House on Fire to make more games...two isn't enough.
arturchop : This a amazing game it is 100% worth the money to buy chapter 2 also if you are finding it hard use walkthroughs on YouTube. WELL DONE house on fire 👍
Nol Tendo : I bought it again. My accounts it isn't showing on either. So I'll try this and if this fails I'm not buying it again :p
Courtney : Challenging but fun! Not too hard, and I liked the story a lot.
Dmitry Pashkevich : Great story, very good looking and immersive visuals. Feels like you travel through time together with the main character. The puzzles are a bit too easy, but the game is still very enjoyable.
Willy Diaz : This is a great game, and it would be even better if the 2nd episode were free. If you can't make it free, then at least reduce the price to like 99 cents or something
Nick Tkach : Really great point and click adventure. High production value. Obviously a lot of time and thought put into this. Great balance between challenge and progress.
Brad n Stephanie Cummings : Well it is a really fun who done it game but it's not cool you have to pay 
5 dollars for the next season So I'm not buying it but good luck
dzign art : Pretty lame, maybe good for some people but, wow, for me it's pretty lame and boring.
Alex Rigg : States "Unfortunately, package installer has stopped" and will not start
A Google user : I played on a friend's iPad, I loved it and got soooo excited when I saw it, but when I downloaded and opened it, it took a long time to load, and the walls and everything but closed doors and rooms and people are blue. Dang it.
Belle Rentch : Wish I could play the entire thing for free, but the world just doesn't work that way, does it?
Sir Didymus : Great game, good story. Only small complaint is its a bit much to pay for a fairly short game.
Gregory Cain : I really enjoyed playing the first episode of this game  it stretches your brain a bit and you need to be able to think out of the box. An enjoyable way to pass a few hours
Blinky Catt : I REALLY like the graphics for this game, so clean but still containing so much detail and atmosphere. The story is very immersive too. I bought the second chapter and have no complaints.
Anthony Francis : Love this game. The story should be made into a feature length film. The score is very atmospheric and the visuals remind me of flashback. We'll worth 4 quid for the second episode. Great job by the developer.
Robin Manford : Originally I gave the game 5 stars but upon revisiting and seeing the game make very suspicious requests like access to my phonebook, I am now lowering my review to 3 stars.
My Google : Wonderful point and click adventure game with a really intriguing storyline 
and surprising twist ending!! Great graphics and easy user interface. My 
only wish is that there would be a sequel...
mirza Live : I loooooved it  but theres an a 1 problem that when i get out and inter again the voice is gone
Himanshi : Hey what am i am stucked....i think the game is more further ....what am i supposed to do after finding the blood stain and showing it to the secretery
Zachary Keizer : Not bad for six bucks! The puzzles were easy for the most part, although a few had me stumped for a bit. I'd love to see more episodes.
Rebecca Gordon : Does not work on Nexus 7 hd
tons0fun071 : Just bought the second episode Great concept for a game, very well written and the game engine is smoother than butter on a baby's ass. Good stuff team
LazieKat : The game is so amazing and catchy, and its price is almost nothing, I really think that a longer story and a good director could make it a really good movie!
Beth Coffman : This by Far Is astounding! Engaging. Love the minimal affect yet works the brain! Cannot wait for part 2!
Shannon Allen : Very fun and practical point and click adventure game. All puzzles are common sense. Acting is great and story line was great. Cons: $5 for 2nd episode but worth it and basic graphics.
Liam Williams : Neat little adventure game. Problems are a bit linear. Still fun.
Sahaana : OMG it is pretty dificult at chapter 3 the machine omg l am wasting my own time and my own sweet time
Nicholas Soileau : Unfortunately I paid the $5 for episode 2, it was shorter than episode 1. I 
guess they got me, lesson learned.
A Google user : Loved the story, simple gameplay and art. All around good experience. Time 
travel is a genre i wish had more attention in gaming. Although, I wish the 
game were longer for $5.
Steve Laber : I wish this game was free completely. You should put ads so we can play and not spend 5 dollars just to complete the God damn story.
Bec F : Loved this game and have been hooked to keep on playing when I should be sleeping!
Steve : If the cost comes down to a reasonable level I will be happy to upgrade and continue the story
Tim Burrell : Finished episode 2, please do another one! So good! People, 5 bucks for this is a good deal! Plot is solid throughout but really gets great at the end. Loved it.
Nina Vizcarra : I like the aesthetics of the game. The game itself is alright. Not too 
difficult; just about fine if you want a game that makes you think a 
little. The concept of time travelling in a escape game is quite 
interesting too.
Hamza Hashmi : Just completed the game and I have to say it was excellent. I got a lot of 
Steins gate vibe from this game. It has a great story!!! Good atmosphere 
and fun gameplay. I recommend this for people who like story driven 
gameplay.
Tai Tran : This is one of the best adventure game I have played so far. Amazing story, not so ridiculous puzzles and artful graphics+music. Worth every penny.
Pedro Venegas : Great game ! I don't play many games in my phone but this one is very 
pleasing
Tippy LovesTips : It's a fun game but someone told me it was a free game so I was kinda disappointed when I got through episode 1 and found out I had to pay to play the rest.
Steven Barrow : This is NOT a free game, you have to pay £4 when reaching Chapter 6!!!
Elder Waters : Love the game cool art style cool story, just wish the other episodes were less expensive, I would by them for .99 but not 5 dollars.
Akshay Lakkundi : I loved everything about this! The story, the interaction between different times, and the dialogues made it seem very well developed!
Andy Latham : Usually I don't play games like this, but I really enjoyed it.
Konstantinos Sykas : Early 90's style adventure game. An honest well done production that respects the buyer. Well designed and with a nice storyline. Being sick for two days it gave me a good pass-time option. The puzzle level is chosen so as not to obstruct the gameplay. I liked it without being impressed. I will definitely try the next  title, if it's an adventure. Keep them coming!
Christina Checchi : Well I really enjoyed  this game. Love the feel of it, but I'm not sasitfied with the ending. Hopefully they will make more games like this and maybe a sequel. :)
Tyler Labuguen : Could not play at all. Saw developer logo then a black screen.
Bren Mcneely : I'm stuck on chapter 5 the corps
Charan Narain : I need a little help. I purchased the second chapter but didn't actually finish it. I had to format my phone for some reason but when i downloaded the game again i couldn't restore the purchase and it says i have to buy the chapter again. Little help ?
vahido shabani : Very goof game. But not god pay for secend epissod
Sebastian Vaisov : Very cool game! Took me back into those good old quests we had on pc's in nineties!
Duke Cannon : Why does your app need to make calls from my phone, or my location? Rated 0 uninstalled
Tang Wei Foong : Finished the game... second episode was a bit draggy and complicated, but a few attempts will be fine.
MrMeow : Slow paced, have to click multiple time to get some action some?
Daye Gamble : Such a great free game, makes you think, and there is no ads. If I wasnt a 
poor college student I would buy the second chapter!!
Aizen Julian : Loved it! I was so involved I enjoyed every moment of suspense. Wish their were more episodes though.  5 stars!
Gildan Sabatian : I just bought it and the game is not so good than i expected
kenna Bug : It only has a black screen and so like you can't play
Yggua Zoid : This app forced to enable unnecessary permissions (manage calls, location).
Sean Baldwin : Fun adventure with a great time travel element. Great dialogue that made me laugh more than once.
DeadClutch 23 : Can you please make an episode 3 and make ep 2 free pls I really love the game keep it up!!!!
Arian ahmadinejad : One of the best puzzle games I've ever played But it's not supported for 
android 8 so I cant play it anymore please update it
Mustafa Tqu : رسوميات اللعبة مميزة ومحببة ، ولكن أسلوب اللعبة البطيء الرتم والقائم على البحث والمغامرة أمر مزعج رغم ذلك ف اللعبة بتجربة مختلفة كلياً ومثيرة للأهتمام .
Scott Hale : Made me feel like I was playing one of the old Monkey Island games.  I couldn't put it down.  Great job on the story and gameplay!
Khala Harvey : Love the game, just that one bug that needs to be fixed.
Jason Brink : Loved this game. I wish there were more like it!
Massimo Spalla : Jogo muito bom, porém curto demais por ser pago. Joguei as fases free e curti muito, então resolvi pagar pra continuar o jogo. Quando estava ficando mais interessante o jogo simplesmente acaba com uma explicação bem pobre. Esperava mais, já joguei jogos grátis bem mais completos
Jason Telford : It's as much a story as a puzzler.  And just a nice place to explore and discover the environment.  Sometimes, there is a "click everything" but overall controls are good.
Beau Beckwith : Really fun game; my only complaint is that the sound totally cuts out if I get any system notifications
FAS FAS : Clean visuals, smooth interactiveness, intuitive play, engaging story - I'd love to see more episodes between 1 and 2 that expand on the story...
Andrey Lappo : Плюсы: русскоязычный point'n'click квест с логичными загадками. Минусы: демоверсия платного приложения, предлагает регистрацию в сторонней службе, множество лишних разрешений: in-app purchases, location, phone (read phone status and identity) и device ID & call information.
mr rebel : get them to play a little then sneak in for the money.. 5$ see ya!
Lion Saber : Try it out, first half is free and if you're into point and click sifi adventure games then consider buying the last half.
Spyros Chamogeorgakis : Amazing! Totally worth buying episode 2 Edit:Just played it for the 2nd time after 4 years and got amazed all over again!
Leigh : Finished the free bit within 15 minutes and then they want £4! Well considering the first part I wouldn't pay for more of this game.
Adrian Arif : Great. Time travelling is always fun. But the second episode it way too expensive.
dejavu251 : Omg probably the best mobile game I've played. Im suprised it's free.
Umang Patel : Why you guys want permissions to make phone calls?
Jimmy Hafseth : Very good overall. A bit pricey considering its shortness, but good
• Yes its me again • : If u get stuck. It doesn't give u any hint. It's sooo frustrating
The Fantastic Cineaste : LOVE this!  Not as tedious as those escape room games.  Challenging.  Fun.  So addictive.  More like this, please!
Matthew Fraser : Really? Argh... Am I mad or am I happy? So good though... Soooo good. 
Immersive, quite imaginative and yet tangibly realistic. Well done!
Kuldeep Singh Yadav : Unable to restore purchase after reinstalling the app. Please help.
Kyle Cole : This game is this game there are no words to describe the breath taking journey you go on and that's just in episode 1
Samtani Pradeep : Finest puzzle game ever. It will hammer you to apply logic everywhere. A masterpiece...
James McSweeney : Suck you in and then charge five bucks to continue?! Not worth 5 bucks. Sorry. Lame
Lee D : but how many chapters are there? I can't find that information here. Does the £4 purchase unlock the full game? Thanks.
jim passantino : For  $5 you get a fun game with a story you really get into and it take about 4 hours to complete. Please do others like this!
Megan Eller : This game was so much fun. I usually don't buy into in-app purchases but I 
couldn't resist with this game. PLEASE make others like this.
Seto Knight : I really like this game and got sucked into the story but now I have to buy the game when I am able to see the rest of the story 😥
Martino Imanuel : Great point n click game. Love the puzzle. And good story. Just finished the first one, and its a really good game that makes me curious to beat the puzzle.
Stephanie Pietz : Love it guys! Good job. Can't wait to see what you come up with next!!  🤣
John Dawson : Completed part 1 in 20 mins. Would not pay £4 for part 2!!!!
Mohamed Ashraf : But it got alot of stupid things
Palash Chanda : time traveling has never been so fun
Rex M : Game is OK,  I just want to know why it wants to manage my phone calls.
Caelan Leone : I loved the game so much, I spent the 5 dollars to get episode 2.... completing that makes me want more!!
Asif Ahmed : I want to know 2nd chapter is free or not?
Paul : Mind blown. I hope there's gonna be a sequel.
Jordan Bentley : One of my favorite mobile games ever! I just wish there was more!
A Google user : Great story, challenging enough without being too difficult. Loved the graphics!
nik t : Only just found this game and its blowen me away, its such an original setup and story for a game, its a must to play and you must purchase the second half, i highly recommend this game
Jerome Ocampo : First played this game on Steam. Old point and click mechanics but brings a lot more to the table in terms of story.
Aubrey Wingo : Engaging storyline, definitely got me to spend the money to keep going. Was 
hoping that there was little bit more at the very end.
sofia : Would have preferred to know before hand that i had to pay to play. Will put to the side and think about if its worth it or not
losjkdn skdnk : Best point and click game so far on Android IAM  not big on these type of games but this was very rewarding thanks
Liam Smits : I loved it! Great story, consept. I would love to play part 2. Can you please lower the price for part two?
Nathaniel Tattersall : This is an absolutely incredible game, it is well worth the price for the thrilling story, you will get stuck into
Anish Sharma : I've been playing games from a lot of time but this game took away the prize.
Chris Poulos : Amazing. Easy, yet difficult. No changes needed. Willing to pay 5 dollars for next chapter
A Google user : It said use headphones ...but I didn't heard anything from this game...if sound is available y can't I hear old fix this to me
1lazy pen : It's a awesome mind game but it's just to small
Houston Minshew : Great story and game! Well worth $5 for the 2nd part. Hoping to see some more similar games out soon!
Nullskull : Amazing game! Wish it was longer though. It's these sort of games that really fascinate you. Don't hesitate just get it.
Baron D : I just got the second chapter. The first was great. I enjoyed the story and the game design.
Tina R. : Make more.  I would say $5 is too much for part 2... But only because it is short...but thinking about what I've allowed myself to spend in other games for temporary gems etc. I'll let it slide.   But if you ever make more chapers or stories, which I strongly suggest you do, please don't make them each cost $5.
Todd Thurston : Rad! The ability to switch between 1971 and present gives a lot of 
challenges for your mind to work with.
Francesco Leoniniᅦ 007 2 : Very much enjoyed both the free and paid versions, please add chapters for those who paid~thanks.
Lalit Chauhan 1224 CSE : I never play such a nice game
Darin Anderson : I think it shouldnt be so hard
Ahmad Altom : The audio stopped working please help
Linko.Mp3 : After I get past the fire house logo it's just black fix this or tell how I can please.       Thank you.  SP
Alexander Suslonov : Всё на уровне для мобильной игры. Игра нечто, история запутывается и раскрывается безупречно, это что-то.
Mohammad Tawash : Good game and P2 longer than P1. Payed for it. I hope the ending will have 
some kind of explanation or what is the story message. I like it
Obi one Conobi : Best game i have played on android. Really thrilling, great story and adventure. Totally worth £4.00 for the finale. This is something special, don't miss out.
Sophie MacDonald : Great game but i gotta say im stuck on chapter 4 but its probably me being stupid. :,D i would recomend but i wish there was some way of getting hints by watching a vid or summit :/
Ben Hall : Really enjoyed the free episode, but I don't know if it's worth $5 for another one.
Kirsty Perry : Best game I've played in a long time. Awesome storyline, fun puzzles. Didn't want this game to finish 😁
