shaun pat : best game ever made for mobile. got 40+ hours on, #6 in the world.
adolfo puche : i love it, the gameplay and the graphics are really good (i would like more
pets,skins,and,more stages).
nathan tewodros : they have mre updates and more people music awesome.
thegentlenerd : i love the retro style of this game and ist fun to buy new pets but i wished that the game had different levels and the endless mode
povilas duoba : waited for this game to be free for soo long and now i can enjoy it!
andru henry : this game is so awfully amazing i cant stop playing it
michael dowling : i have only been playing for 10 minutes and i'm already loving it
lile 1000 : this game is easy to get characters just go to the santa level by pressing the arrows on the screen it will given you 1000 pieces of cake
fluid : it was the worse game i ever played
starr xx : awesome game! i recommend it.
sean tanke : pretty neat 3.5/5
bryan ismodes : i love this game and hope there will be many more like this
dhaval chauhan : go it so j i k he do lakh dg xcl i if all cm jerk or so key so hk hi fm so why am cm jg do all well woo
jonathan m : glad this game went f2p so i can play it now! thank you.
lee phillips : beat game i played it's runs so good
killuaxxx : i liked it really fun but a little slow
khoi nguyen : this is just an amzing game with a very interesting concept. :
pepe papaya : really fun and time consuming get it get it "time consuming" ....kill me
samuel bradley : great game, easy controls, i would highly recommend
heath carter : amazing! just so cool.
knockingopportunityntf : the best game i ever played!!
sheev : i got this in the humble bundle a while back, and now it's free? lame.
the randomers : it's an amazing game good to past time addictive and awesome
a google user : fun...till you run out of space cake
spiritism : i love this game so much!
daniel seo : i never tried this game but...it looks so fun i cant wait to play this!!!
nico :p : it ls awesome how he rewinds
jacob smith : idk why all yall putting long assssss paragraph like put a star n call it day
nonexistent : i think it's fast paced and grovey
aisha k : it is awesome more than 5 star
corey smith : exceptionally fun and challenging.
steve kiss : fun gameplay with great graphics and characters!
a google user : i were playing this from childhood to now
nicholas smith : it looks fun i want to play it
sherradine : i like the idea! brilliant game!
jon : i love this game so much
tanner thompson : i thought it was bad but what!
kenneth ravanilla : after taking a day remembering this game,finally found by searching up a genre
bumboa : the best game ever
emily peralta : amazing game and detail
pd litt : it da wirst game ever
a google user : the game was bad but it wasn't that bad it was good
robert hendricks : i saw this and i was like wow i must play this
sale zdravkovic : so cool game brt.
david o : it's been so long i play a cool game!!!
a google user : it's a very cool game.
a google user : awesome it's very nice
eden gibson : awesome music and great graphics!
jack : i think it's amazing!
m. matthews : no goddamned music...wow. it used to have awesome music...
a google user : very good game get a score of 1112
zebruh : mind blown!!
trevin jp : my eyes is hurt when im playing this game
first name last name : one of the best games on mobile
jared jannn : amazing get it right now
prakash chowdary : nice game play with achievements
nathan mackey : to much fun
chillingo : good job on all the some
jah m : i love this game
cookie m. wolf : very challangeing but fun
gameplay, uploads, & more : worth the wait
mahipal rajput : fantastic creation made by kumobius
mangaartest : fun way to pass time
martavias warren : it's cool
bacon rocks : this game is cool
[ mw ] : was that a jojos reference!?
tara alvarez : it is pretty good
leilani : cute characters tbh
dean bohannon dean bohannon : fun and exciting game
chistopher nunez : is really a nice
ayden whetstone : this the best game ever
a google user : this game is the best
daniel saldana : make some new people
a google user : we need a sequel
matthew walker : here because of imgur
sirstinger925 : great game
boss in za bidin : great app
a google user : easy to play
nathaniel waller-grey : love this game
alex koory : to easy
ish aligada : cool and challenging
surendra trivedi : cool best
a google user : its cool
togam pertin : very addictive
brendan geraci : great game
yvonne mims : good characters
lade mahl : boring
paco reyes : too addicting.
ki 13 : cool
thomas cobbs : cool
jenna r : really retro.
grace foree : addicting!
xavier games15 : freaking awseome
sofa king01 : like this game

