joseph michael : edit: april 8th, 2022 the bunker (multi-player) is back online! good to go! play on! the bunker (multi-player) has been down for 3 weeks. pointless to even play if you've already finished the "story mode". i just keep checking back every few days or so as ubisoft doesn't reply to emails and doesn't seem to care that we have $ and time invested into this game...
brian irungu : i've loved bikes since time immemorial; basicly, anything on two wheels. yet all through, i have never found such an awesome biker game. it gives you the real feeling of being a biker. going on exilliarating adventures and later tuning your bike for even bigger challenges. i give this game a 7 star!!!
ahmed abd elhamed elsayed : increase quality of graphics more and more like play station5,if possible.improve visuals and effects to high degrees.add new environments for missions like cities,space,sand desert,ice desert,jungles and dangerous mountains.add day times like morning,evening,dawn,afternoon,sunset,sunrise and night.give me real conditions of weather like snow,rain,wind,storms,thunder,lightening and sunny atmosphere.give me new versions monthly with all improvements of game performance.make game fast and smooth.
jatin kokatare : game is also good but playing with controller it's need a keymapper app like a octopus monkey panda etc. over all good and nice game made from the devloper i hope you will take decision of good update and made this game are extraordinary.
kyle loughran : super fun. grasping the mechanics on how the game works makes you feel awesome. knowing when to do a front flip, when to slow down, the methodical game play is addicting. every choice of an upgrade or purchase has weight to it if you don't spend real life money so be smart. it's a great game, just wish the fuel system was more forgiving. other than than, no issues here.
one bad channel : i love this game, the tracks being difficult? yes. no fun in playing them? absolutely not! it has a bit of hard moments in trying to complete a track, especially the end of the grindhouse track in tier 3. but you learn how to overcome it, for me it was pure luck, but it doesn't mean that its not possible. but just one thing i'd change, i'd raise the income of each track, and make diamonds easier to get. it can be difficult, but my overall rating, best dirtbike game i've ever played.
mr. korop : probably my favorite racing game i've played so far. i'm not much into racing titles to be honest, but this particular one is a whole lot of fun. i enjoy having to pull off stunts, beatin my own time, and racing silly characters like butch and his minion leroy. i love the rpg elements. the story helps make it that much more interesting too. the gameplay physics are great and the post apocalyptic setting was a cool idea and the map is terrific. i'm sure i can go on, but i reached my word limit :d
andrew c : such a fun game. all of the trials games are fun, and i'm stoked they brought it to mobile devices. they did a good job building a true console experience for smartphones. highly recommended. my only gripe is that it's been disconnecting from the web. i can't do my fuel pump spins or upgrade my bikes because i supposedly don't have internet, but i'm connected and my other apps work perfectly fine. other than that, it's one of my go-to time killers.
jonathan stoll : great game! i never would have dl'd it but it was a recommendation by razer cortex mobile. the game is challenging. i have wanted to throw my new phone against the wall more than once! the graphics are great, storyline is interesting enough to keep my adhd ass from getting distracted, and if it's too hard, i can always spend some real world money to help me along. ubisoft makes great games. that's all there is to it.
ryan tomasiak : great game! i just wish that i didnt habe to wait so long for my upgrades. i feel like its wrong to have a game, and such a great one in series to say the least, to forcefully consume so much time in your personal life just to be able to advance unless you pay. please bring back the love for videogames without microtransactions or live-time upgrades.
orvillespopcorn : i'm seeing a lot of reviews saying how it's "pay to win." that is so far from the truth, it's just a game that takes investment and time. honestly it's kind of like minecraft in the sense of there is no actual ending. there's the basic missions and when you beat those, you keep doing the slot machines and doghouse and showdowns and it keeps you busy. you can buy coins to get upgrades but the coin to dollar isn't the greatest, and you can buy gems to speed up the upgrades and that's about it.
max tatum : i loved this game when it was on xbox 360 so i'm actually gassed you made it for the mobile, thanks ubisoft
joseph cuenco : loved the gameplay! rewards are worth every second of your time and effort. huge number of tracks and bikes to unlock. for a free game it's a bang for the buck and i wont mind purchasing in-game items after i finish the main story just for fun. my only gripe is sometimes the roulette is a bit annoying when it wont give you what you need. especially after a gruesome race against the minions.
shekwolo israel : a well made and addictive game! i'm a fan of ubisoft games (my fav. being assassin's creed) and what i like the most is how they're able to create games with entirely new concepts and settings.the graphics is tight, the customization options are adequate and i really love the crash scenes at the end of every race... super genius!
matt jensen : lagging controls for accel and pitching/ tilting. needs larger diameter for button control. difficult to keep fingers over touchpad buttons while observing character. possibly larger diameter for button activation. needs slightly higher gravity. realtime and more reactive controls for character. keep up the good work! love the depth, story line, and the creative launch pads, ect!!
royce killingworth : great game ! i've been playing for a week now an love it the way you can move the controls is out of site it some times acts a little glitchy just ever once in a while other then that i spent 3.99 $ an have had a blast with it love the story line can't wait to see what's next!! great game rgk
stephan burger : awesome game. way too many ads if you ask me. but it keeps you busy. especially if you have played fusion and rinsing. the physics are excellent .loads of replayablility if you are trying to improve times. it's either pay to win, or get gud and grind to win. i prefer the latter.
a google user : i gave it 5 stars but i'm pretty gutted since the last update. on the daily item board i had revieved up to the yellow jackal paint job. then every time i load the game up i keep getting "you have 2 devices with saved games". the one on the phone says zero but the one on the server is the one i keep using. then once the game loads up i've lost several items including the daily ones. as i said i collected the yellow jackal paint job, i think that was 2 days back this started happening
tfk1ll3r gamertag : i love how they saved my progress after a few years maybe only one year but they have good maps and they have good games one thing i hate is how hard it is to get the needed parts to upgrade sometimes but either way this the first best and oldest game i have played since i was 6.
dalton b. lopez : by far one of the best action/simulation/adventure/racing games out there on the market, if not the best in its class/category. if you have not already given it a chance and fallen in love with this game then go ahead and download right now. it will absolutely not disappoint you at all. many many hours/days/months (for me) of fun and challenging courses/races/storyline to follow and complete.
gabriel simmons : i love the trials series! and now their is a trials on mobile! i wished i got this game sooner. their is tons of levels and good customization. you can also buy cool items at the store for a cheap price and earn rewards to. physics are on point. plz make more trials game on mobile so i can play it on the go and that would be awesome! keep up the good work.
china pat : this game is simply amazing!! the progression moves at a good place and even though some tracks are harder than others, u will eventually get through them by upgrading ur bike.everytime i upgrade or create a new bike(with enough blueprints, it's truly a rewarding experience and makes for a whole new game to explore!! well done devs!
bill harris : awesome app, hoping it's free, just started the game. the grafics are the awesome. the game is exciting and don't want to stop playing. the instructions are very easy to follow and clear. the rewards are encouraging and fair. keep up the awesome job.
joshua lachaine : i'm a huge trials fan and i've been playing since trials came out on xbox arcade and have played every installment since! i came into this game very weary on how itll handle on mobile and that i wouldn't have to precision needed to play and i was wrong! this game handles amazing and the control layout is simple and makes sense, now that being said i haven't made it to any expert tracks yet and once i do i will come edit this if needed! i'm really hoping the precision will be there too.
jack lawson : awesome game to pass your time, or lose a good chunk of your day to, well made just like the browser games i grew up with, trails frontier is definitely worth the download if you like the previous games or have played before. great level and track/course design, constant urge to keep playing and find out what is next!
revenemesis : extremely fun and addicting. over 10 bikes to upgrade and customize, plus there's a ton of tracks to practice on and master. pvp is exciting and very challenging. great rewards and surprises, plus many side activities in the presence of boredom. great game all around. will be playing this for a long time.
angela starnes : great game that will keep you playing for hours. always new updates which makes the game that much better to play. all of the stuff that you have to buy those room easy to win only have to do is like spend one of the slot machines or you can win gems from just playing the game and buy it yourself. i highly recommend this game to anybody just wanted to waste time or just looking for the best game ever!!!
layten v : amazing graphics and atd. i love everything about the game. and you never get too good of bikes to just breeze through the game. my only problem is that terracotta is made to make you better. as well as make you use timesavers. when you race him at the mill, he uses the only timesaver there. making it extremely hard.
brandon cox : best game ever!!!! need to make a trials frontier 2!!!! whith more offline modes and carry on the story from this trials frontier with some of same characters and new ones and maybe have butch as a good guy and maybe different bad guys. only offering suggestions. and wish you could downgrade bikes when u choose the bike 2 ride. bikes sometimes lean too much is why i'd appriciate that.
amos martins : i do think need to say much experience from my fellow users have said it all its awesome the way the controls are and the graphics... it's one of the best i've ever played. it's also very challenging. wow
hector silva : this game is super cool i have played it for over 6 years and it still going on a good path it's really playable there is only one problem i changed my phone and used the same account but i couldn't get all my data and i really don't want to restart everything it was over 6 years of data(bikes,traks,clothes) lost if i could get some help i would really appreciated
mike yazz : i started playing the trials series back on xbox 360 and was ecstatic to see it brought back to life on mobile, my only real gripe would be how progression comes to a grinding halt after a while, some of the enemies you need to race to progress the story are so optimized you need a maxed out bike to even stand a chance. 5 stars for tickling my nostalgia but 3/5 for the stamina(fuel tank, limits play time to about 5-7 maps before having to wait or buy more gas) and the progression being imbalancd
aqeel : love the gameplay. it feels like thee actual game on xbox. one minor issue. i dont like the control setup. maybe create some more options like touch sensitivity etc. other than that. i highly recommend this game. played it for countless hours . another thing. i dont really like how you must wait after playing afew games to refill your tank. maybe increase playtime or remove the wait. thanks
andrew taylor : love it! i used to play trials back in the day and this is an excellent refresher without being too different and while still adding a bunch of engaging gameplay side quests to keep it interesting for the long run.
hootzoots : played trials since the 1st one, big fan! :) this one, like all the other trials games, gets quite hard after a while..but still fun & addicting. been playing this version for about a year. theres always more to do/unlock. one downside, there hasnt been any of the different big holiday events for the last several holidays. i was hoping thered be a halloween event this month like last halloween. so sadly the games hayday might be over? hope devs dont quit this one yet, still has a ton of players.
frank jones : this game will piss you off and test your skills.when you figure out how to control the bike and how to beat the hard boards you are hooked.this game is challenging and there is nothing like beating a hard board just to get another to beat.this game is amazing and addictive.if you think your stuck keep trying. the good bikes, the missions.. you'll get so much satisfaction when you win each level. so much fun.graphics are amazing.thanks for the good times.the best of the best games:on your phone.
richard hartland : i have played this game more than any other on several phones, both very cheap and quite expensive. it is truly brilliant. just make sure to clean your screen before you play to avoid annoying throttle dropouts
petty wheatstraw : awesome game i was thinking it would be another one of those side scroller with low graffic but it's the total opposite. loving that we can upgrade and there is an actual story to the game. i give it 10 out of 10.
duncan pelham : very well thought out game, very little or no adds, which is fantastic. unless you want to see ads for some extra help. good controls, well thought storyline. lots of fun!!!!
savior self : it is a lot more fun than i thought it would be. the controls dont take long to adjust to. i've been playing trials forever so, frontier is a welcome edition
charli settree : this game is incredible, my fav game ever, sadly i finished the story and i do think i expected more from the ending, the beginning and middle of the story were amazing but as the end drew near it dragged on a bit with bike upgrades that took days and repetitive story lines. anyhow thats not gonna make me give this game any less then 5 stars because thats how much i exaggerated it. please make more of the story! if you have not yet played this game play it!!!
shreyans jain : used to play this game a lot. amazing stuff, just needs some refining. tracks get harder as you progress but with patience it's easy. the map is boring as hell and needs to be played a lot! overall a good game
d evans : love it!! been in love with trials since i found it on the xbox 360 and played all of them since. i love the blueprint idea for the bikes giving it more of a feeling of accomplishment to unlock them. my only complaint is how few tracks can be ran before running out of fuel. other than that keel it up ubisoft yall killing it
jude david : awesome game ..love the story line.
liam mcdonald : super fun! the courses are challenging and varied, the art style is cool and the wild west element gives the game a neat flavor. i enjoyed the character challenges as well.
thewyldstalion : love thus game! it's challenging yet practice and patience will get you far. could be easier or cost less diamonds or more watch ads in order to win rare items like outfits and maps etc. on the spin wheel. otherwise really good game! good jod devs!
s fatima : its a bike race with a very good physics. the vibration feedback makes everything even more enjoyable. love the environment and graphics. even the controls are aslo very smooth. good job ubisoft.
jeff brown : game is not only a good challenge but the overall experience is great, multiple different things to do within the game. it is definitely a constant challenge.
akshay kumar : nice game it should have more events and upgrade
jay moore : i have just started playing but so far its easy to see that it is a well thought out and designed game. it has a humorous side that is unexpected although quite welcoming. i almost did not want to stop to write this review, but i could not resist. i can tell i'll be stuck on it for a while having a good ol' time laughing my stinker off.
the x : its a very fun game! i rate it 5 / 5 cuz it has so many missions and a lovely story thats easy to follow. i spend daily like 3-4 hours playing this game! i can recommend to anyone who is looking for a game that kills time :)
nasr victorious : it's a cool game. the only thing annoying is that little girl character giving that snotty face at your screen and sometimes the annoying bubble speech you have to keep skipping when you have a annoying face at your screen lol. love the game
benjamin onsien : great fun! would've liked it not to be freetoplay, though. intuitive controls. easy to learn, hard to master. beware of cheaters on top of the leaderboard though....
carl evans : really enjoying this game at the moment, the only thing that is really starting to get to me is when u progress so far it starts to become a bit pay to play kind of thing and it quite annoying i also think that the developers should put out an update with proper trial bikes like a real life trial bike thatbwould be awesome. great work on this app guys, fair play ubisoft addictive too.
dougie mcturk : amazing game, played every day for over two years. had a recent issue, game wouldnt open but uninstalled, re-installed and signed back in and my progress was still there, phew.
rowan rein : trials games are my absolute favorite. i'm so happy to have one on mobile, the only thing i would change is the refill mechanic in that i wouldn't put a limit to the amount of times i could race in a day.
ricky j : good game play. actuate control.grate graphics.nice job on this game concept. and free.without shoving ads in my face constantly.if you watch an ad you get new gear for doing so ,and it's when you want to watch not them....grate way to go about it developing team....see ya at the finish line chumps!
joey wieder : trials rising. trials fusion. and now trials fronier?!?! it is amazing! the official trials games come to mobile, and now i get to play them wherever i go! the only thing i don't care for is that you have to wait for your fuel refill. but other than that i love it! great job ubisoft!
aditya rege : this might seem crazy but i love to play this game a lot. the entriquing factor and more challenges give me the adrenaline rush to play more. feels aesthetic and the feelin' of miedevel theme the awesome music with cool bike upgrades. ahhh! just like heaven. great work! keep it wheelin'
arpan karmakar : amazing game awsome graphics . with good stoery line but i didnt like this game much as because its too hard and the fuel system stops the player from playing the game ,which is not there in tials xtreme 4,allows to play as much as the user wants
john gorrie : this is really good. the controls are good and there are no intrusive adverts. the best thing about the game is the graphics, for a mobile game they are excellent! definitely worth downloading.
aleksandar cvetanovski : great game ,the gameplay is interesting so are graphics and controls, its addicting & one of the games that had something that after playing you take the game like the repper for every game of this kind.great game.
judy mkg : the game is absolutely amazing the fact that i've struggled and got through so many levels playing with my friends it actually teaches you a lesson which is to have fun in all ways possible ,every level
daniel kaca : this game is really nice, big and it doesn't get boring quickly. but the problem is the fuel, why do we have to use that much fuel for one mission? overall this game is 10/10
ir fan : okay sorry about that.. my device is incompatible .. after i change my phone .. download the game etc. .. it runs fine and shine now .. great storyline .. i know you guys dont do updates anymore .. at least make the event bikes like agent , ktm and others accessible..
marcel xboxlive : amazing game... love that each track is a new challenge on its own. each mission just makes it better and better.
kt : i like the way they make the bike from custom to real ones. but i would like the option to customise the paint like how you want for example tango you could make , select a pre made and use people's palettes to colour the whole bike and get palettes from missions or time limited events
rhett walford : great game. it has kept me entertained for a long time and no need to spend money. but i was buying parts to build the donkey and i was only 3 parts away from finishing and now it changed and im not even half way done anymore. please fix ubisoft
mark erzuah siam : absolutely brilliant! arguably the best stunt motorcycle game. the graphics are pretty good and the controls are smooth.
jim o : literally the best mobile game, a perfect port of an amazing game. the only faults are the fuel dynamic limiting game play and late game grinding is mind numbingly slow. but it's free to play and a little cash to the dev will get you around that, if your into that.
hector thomas : was playing the game one day when the screen went black and the game disaperred , l logged out and tried to start again and to my suprise the game restarted from the very beginning and l lost all my progress , then the game went black again and refused to do anything and now im starting again by redownloading and please fix this terrible glitch in the game !
liam gooch-tonic : this is one of my favorite games of all time. it combines racing with an immersive story. i recommend this to anyone looking for a racing game. my only complaint is that the controls are kind of awkward. you get over this soon.
ryan roslund : super fun! if you like the console versions of trials then you'll love the mobile version. perfect for quick play sessions when you need a distraction during your day.
bagofit reborn : the mission finishing touch doesn't work. the item is nowhere to be found so im stuck. i'd like a fix to this asap please. it got updated and fixed. thanks!
eddy jay : this game takes all side scrolling driving style games and annihilates them with killer graphics, great control, invigorating story, and playability to boot! ubisoft, more mobile games please!!
patrick visser : very freaking awesome l o v e t h i s g a m e too much!!!! the game gets tougher by leveling up but that's cool only sum of the tracks are really hard "just keep on upgrading the bike you have to use and you will see its just hard with non-upgraded bike. this game will not only rock any simulation games bottom but will even do that to anyone who is crazy for simulating
andrew buchanan : the game is great. the control need a little work.have the forward control go back to normal by itself. everything else is fun great story line.
robert hales : easy game to love - real money not needed if that's how you roll. i've played for years without buying any extras but i've now had so many hours of entertainment from the game, i finally decided to thank the dev's for their work with some purchases so they can feed their families. thank you ubisoft dev's, love your work.
johnny kelly : very good graphics and physics (at least on the samsung s9+) ... haven't played for long but love the console versions and i am hoping this doesn't have too much pay-to-play...
siphelele emmanuel zulu : this game is one of the best games i have played. the gameplay experience is nice. the bikes are really cool as well as the excitement of unlocking a new bike. the different characters are also nice.
kevin cloutier : really fun w/o hastles
jaime f : holy cow! this the best game ive ever played in my life! the graphics are amazing! the controls are easy for all ages! and the best part, there's only a little bit of ads! this game game definitely deserves 5 stars and great job to the creators! my favorite game ever!
stiles sisson : iwant to give 5 stars i also want to play without it glitching over and over needing to start over constantly,so as you can imagine i loose out on winning and useing up my winnings while lossing. lam!
khawaja sajawal javed : i played alot of games but this game is very intresting. i am playing this game since 2 years and also the graphics quality of this game is very impressive.
garnet fox05 : i first got the game about 3-4 years ago, and i keep installing it on my new devices. great and fun game, i played trails fusion and hd and i thought they were fun as well. trials is a good series of games and i would recommend people to play them :d
krisztan zsiday : i really like the game but i've run into a little problem. there's this mission called 'special order' where i'm supposed to buy a cornycorn from the shop, but when i go into the specials tab like it tells me to it isn't there.
callum buadromo : it's quite an enjoyable game honestly, it can be frustrating at times when you're stuck on a level but still fun nonetheless. always room for improvement though, but i give this a big thumbs up!
matt lawton : fun.. one of a kind, motorbike trials game with terrific art and graphics.. lots of tracks trials times bikes upgrades characters and on and on. you will really enjoy it.
declan mcginty : very good game. fun to play, has a bit of a grind to get better, and a very nice storyline, and the laggy t hi ng with the map has been fixed.
jonathan nieves : love the game, wish it were easier to get more parts but haha the various challenges help better control the characters, by far one of my top favorite games made by ubisoft
ike : this game has remained the same for a long time. i completed every single challenge and there's nothing much to do. i wish the developers would upgrade it. otherwise, it might be time to delete it. there are no more challenges for me. bunker isn't available any longer.
sohail ahmad ahmad : this is like the best game i have played in my life i love the attention to the detail and the graphics it's a good game but i want to say something to make it better it would be good to have a big quickly and easily rather than collecting blue prints and all although i love this game and i am looking forward for ubisoft's new and interesting games thank you
billytron d : fantastic mobile game! great controls, reasonable play time before running out of 'fuel' allowing for breaks between sessions.
a google user : lots of fun. lets you try new things without having to play same track over and over before you can move on. not watching adds.. just play and have fun
jack hale : best game ever i started playing this game when i was 5 and i love the graphics,controls and the story don't get me started on the story it is so well made like how,how did you even put this together well that's all i can say.
jon tom : so far so good. just started the game and hsve to say that the graphics are really good, will take a while to get the hang of handling the bike but no complaints. would recommend.
kest industries : absolutely love this game very addictive graphics are awesome hard enough to keep you interested but easy enough to want to play. very well put together game.
bilal b v : it might be boring at the first look. but a trial racing with such a story is hard to neglect. absolute craziness and
patrick walker : 5 overall. i just hate how much money and luck it takes to unlock new maps and bikes. then again, the game is old.
nehan : this game is simply a very addicting,fun adventurous time killer. you can make new bikes complete missions go online you want and become number 1 in the whole world it's challenging
aaron beard : what a great game! lovely grafix. loads and loads of mad courses. and best of all no adverts. well done guys keep up the good work
some buddy : the game plays like butter on the sun. smooth and fun. this is trials fusion but for the phone with fun controls and a fun story line.
craig shaffer : fun and funny most actions are difficult to perform unless you pay attention. funny the bike has no power at first but can upgrade making more powerful. easy to do enjoy the different tracks very nice.
george findlay : shot got lol game recamend it to anyone .good game and the online feachers are ok .. i think that when you have to upgrade your bikes and things you shouldn't have to be on line to do so as not everyone can afford to keep it online ....others than that it's a really good little game 10 out a 10 for me anyway
steph des : best physic,racing game. so addictive so many things to unlock,find,retry the same level 670 times to get platinum everywhere. no pay to win, pay to ride uncontrollable rides.. lol
johnny baber : most realistic and lot of fun the feedback from the riders pretty amazing whether he crashes or makes it !!! and it keeps stepping up the challenges
mainak sanyal : it's great to see some indian names on credits.. even the programmers are from india pune. the gameplay is all about balancing!! still i loved it!! maybe a tutorial would do wonder! though the graphics and the sfx are damn good!! kudos to the ubisoft pune team!!
eric bester : best game of all time. great controls awesome story just wish they could add bugies and quads that would make this the perfect game.
silver staples : great game, just watch your save game. make sure you sign into ubisoft account or backup your save manually. one wrong click and it's "goodbye forever!"
nelson garcia : i really love this game... its fun... adds are not annoying, since if u play them they get u time reduction on building parts... the ones that pop-up u can close them and proceed... so 5 for now...
unmesh das : excellent offline game. graphics and characters are good. but it should have a multiplayer mode. but good game.
e mehrpooya : i love this game ...but i cant play it ! i install it a few times but everytime its says 'unfortunatly the game has been stoped' i dont know whats the prob but all i know is i cant even enter the main menu ...
alan fisher : i just love this game i rode dirt bikes when i was younger and this is very good for bringing they days back in my mind i still have the scars from them days but they were worth it for me and the fun i had back then i recommend the game to anyone it's not trip
rory taylor-brown : 5 star. 1. awesome for a 2d game 2. it has amazing ragdoll 3. it has cool bikes and 4. you can upgrade your bike and you have limited fuel more realistic just like riding my honda 250 dirt bike please make a number 2 or part 2 that would be awesome and there are also trials games on xbox like trials hd, fusion and rising trials hd is on xbox 360. fusion and rising is on xbox one and ps4
rarr donn : i love this game but the only reason is who does the game reward gems like completing it, it won't even let me claim it im level 40 so i love that you get blueprint in the showdown the hardest blueprint to get is always in the showdown and thank you the ktm blue print when you buy is not very expensive thx a for this game and ty
a google user : i've followed the 'trials' games right from trials hd on the 360 need love them this is a quality game with. buckets. of gameplay. the trials games. just get better and better a******
tun muzaffar : i love this game. but after the update on harley event. i noticed i couldn't find any candy on the adequate. when i look at youtube. the location of the candy suppose to be at the location but its missing. please help.
jason jagger : really enjoyable. it was a struggle to get the lean perfect, but its certainly possible . thus, addictive.
a google user : you should add sandbox made. in which there is unlimited everything. and one mode should be the survivor mode that is the normal one that we use everyday. ha and also on the leader board there are only hackers. why. you should ban hackers permanently. it will be very well appreciated. thank ubisoft if you are reading this.
a google user : addictive game,it has nice locations and stages but i noticed that some stages repeated. otherwise it's cool and fun ...
nobody unknown : all in all a well constructed game. a few things i would fix but that's just my poor sportsmanship. but one thing honestly, dont make it so difficult to earn gems .
ryan moran : looks great, sounds great, and plays great. runs and controls very well on a phone.
rituparna roy paul : its a awesome game . everyone must play the game.i think that all will definitely love the game after playing it .its images all real given above,it has very very good graphics. and i love the game very much
spyder199ed : love the game been playing years. last week however i get error message when logging in thru fb. try delete and reload game. no work. help!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
just a normal person : i love this game. it is challenging and fun with all the cool bikes and you can upgrade the bikes and make the game even easier and i recommend you download this fun, awesome game
dominic moore : i love it but there's one little thing that bugs me and that is it resets my whole acounnt even though i backed it up with a ubisoft acounnt please fix this problem and thank you.
david j : after getting help. they very quickly solved my problem. and i can now play this wonderful game again. thank you for the extremely quick assistance. great staff and great game.
conor laughlin : i downloaded this game four years ago and loved it! somehow it disappeared off the app store i'm hooked all over again! still as fun as it was back then.
a google user : this game is so good but sometimes the bosses are hard to beat but it is a good game and i have an idea where you are the bad guy modeand i just had an idea for a costume make marshmello!!!!
etzect : awesome game! although i would prefer if you could buy parts for any bike with diamonds. i have a few on the side and wouldn't mind using them on a cool bike.
faulkonn : omg, i can now play trials on the bus! every level is cleverly thought out and its the most fun ive had in a very long time. 5/5
akx smittz : lots of fun.. cool graphics. nice music&sound effects.if you like physics games,then this is for you!!!!
joden cunanan : this game is good but could you make this game offline please then create more levels,maps,faster motor,more missions,daily challenge,and more characters
daedlyedy andersone : how do i play the crash and burn add on...? i downloaded the upgrade and i don't know how to use the new crash and burn content... other than that... it's a pree decent game...!
valentin pl : i liked really, good job and thanks. you can add other option for control the bike and improve the internet connection.
brajen das : oh man! so cool! this is the best game that i wanted for my whole life! i want this game never to be discontinued! :) but the game crashes after completing mission 47 . please fix this.
justin suiter : very entertaining!! love the physics and handling, not to mention the sound fx. this is a great game to play.
usama bhatti : the best ever game....got addicted after playing for the first time...everyone knows tht ubisoft is a god in making games....well it is an another marvellous game.....graphics are stunning and the track is awesome.... i advice everyone to download this game
jason ludwig : it's a great game ive downloaded it several times and i have no complaints but ive done so much time in prison that using a microwave is exciting to me............ hey, it's me again......... you're welcome!
espio yt el amin : i wish that there would be more updates but even that it's still an awesome game until now i really love this game and i hoping that they open back up the midnight recruit it has been offline for years i hope that there will be an update soon
meenu ram : i am playing this game since 2016 and defeat the butch in 2018 i want that you guy bring back the butch with new bike to compete with us and also bring some characters for racing (make a new story) just bring the new era of excitement i love the game it is awesome.
samuel herrick : literally the greatest moto x game of all time. considering it actually has a story and characters, that's pretty ambitious for a motorcycle game.
nick crosby : great game but jems that u need to unlock stuff r difficult to rack up. u would need to save them for a year to unlock some of the tracks
mikey brightsen : just what trials needed a mobile game. get it, it's fun, addictive, an defintely takes some finesse.
pibe 87 : great experience and very fun! awesome graphics! add some customization and looks to the ride please :)
juan baquero : completely amazing, the riding mechanics are awesome and the color scheme and art of the game is really interesting, 100% recomended
arzo : great graphics, gameplay and a goodnstory so far. definitely recommend it you like racing games.
scourge : good game. lots of levels and bikes. upgrade system is good and it doesn't feel like i need to pay to win. i recommend to any fans of trials games
stoney cant remember what i was saying : too awesome, i mean you can play it everyday on your commute to work or at least on your break. i have always loved trials when it was only on pc.
mikentikes11 : been playing this game on and off for about 10 years and wow it's fun. it's sad that it seems it might not be updated anymore though.
cody conrad : this game has been amazing sense day 1 i haven't played it in probably over a year and just reinstalled it last night and is still 1 of the best mobile games i've ever played!!!
stephan byrgesen : even though it wont be receiving any further updates im still happy to have played up until now with every new event, and as a goodbye to this great game i say thank you for making me have so much fun and rest in peace trials frontier
wolgrave : trials frontier is one of the best game i have, its so fun and challenging and makes me retry a lot of time in a level
briscor cooper : very challenging, and breathtaking. thats what makes it so exciting.very well put together.keep it up....
samuel o'daniels : i played this game twice a couple of years ago and it was really dope. it's one of the best games i've played. i just couldn't help but play everyday cos i aas hooked on the story
justus 4 the one : i've actually find myself being addicted to this game... this is definitely a very different take on the trials i'm used to from back in the day this is sweet this game is awesome and kudos to the
nicholas cannon : i've been playing this game off and on for a few years now, good have that has it's challenges, frustrations, and moments of pride
justin c. : absolutely love this game. i used to play it on my i pad. now on android. this is a game that van be beat without pauing money. just got to have the patience and use your gas wisely.
deepak prabhakar : very nice game ,from starting i fund it played very greatfull i am feeling after playing the game and i ll 7-eleven i think it the same way as in a the plz be ready to go if you it to submit go class in min or so two time you the best of way class and you other one is a in thing
lourna mae david : nice science (physics) based game. challenging and fun. very addictive, plus the bikes are based from real bikes. 5 stars, gotta try this one!
rdm : this games freaking great! (plus hardly any adds) much more to it than all other games like this. great story, characters, controls, etc.
seth williams : great game. wish you didn't need fuel to ride, but i havent ran out yet. it's very easy to gain fuel and level up without paying to play.
evan anderson : aweesome game, very similar to the console versions with added npcs. i hope to see some in game secrets like the original.
darth stones : i've played them all. this is a decent wee version. there is the fuel element where you need it to play but i always seen to have plenty. great game.
arif roslan : the physics is amazing when you're riding a bike. but when i spin my reward wheel to the right, it goes to the left. just, why?
shyamkrishna m : thanks for resolving the issue. i can now properly download the additional game content from its server without delays. thanks. best game ever
elliott jackson : i dont normally rate apps but this was way better than i expected. feels like a full fledged trials game down to every detail, yet it is so simple. 9/10
dominic boman : so fun, challenging. love playing trials and frontier. it's creative witch lead's to a great time killer.
on one : bunker not working for 2 weeks now. fix for a 5 star
killo : great game if you want to plau trials but away from the computer and if you sort through the other reviews you can see the people who dont play the trials games.
a google user : this is the best bike game i have ever played. it has mystery, excitement, treasure etc. all in it. it's 100/100 for me.
jahsiah taylor : pretty cool man thanks for the person who made it
a google user : just like the console series trials is a lot of fun. to be honest i enjoy this more than the console games. give it a go you won't be disappointed.
david ford : awesome but the ,,watch video for more etc,,, keeps hangin up& have to reset for it to work... cool tho!! ,,update ..since started working fine.. nice job!!
sim games : its an awesome and addictive game the graphics are stunning level hope it should more improve in future.
rumba zumba : the game is awesome. but since facebook made some changes i can't log in with facebook anymore, please fix it.
mike lowe : i was stuck playing hill climb,,, was trying to find a game that was as good and more challenging,,, i have found that game,,, this game is crazy awesome,,,
surendran p : this is an amazing game i ever played. i am proud of because the universe is thinking that pubg is most ... but this game is changed me and others now i can say to the world it's the best game . i am the sign
haji muneeb : perform crazy stunts and battle riders in this award-winning bike racing game! play the mobile version of the best-selling and critically-acclaimed trials series, by the award-winning developer redlynx! experience the ultimate skill-based bike racing game for free, on your smartphone and tablet! "looking like the real deal." - pocket gamer trials frontier is unlike any other bike or car racing game you've played before! ride your motorcycles on extremely addictive tracks while you perform sl
anish paul : i give it 5 reason is that this game such a time killer...with great graphics... love it ...but plz manage this game control..all over this game is not so hard to play..!
dodo : this was my childhood game and i love it!! it was so long and i've always been looking for the name to re download sadly my data has to reset i had butch's bike at that time
kamran khan : veryry addictive.... beautiful graphics... awesome story.... as expected from the best developers of the gaming world... big fan of assassin's creed series..
kevin richardson : i love it!! i started playing trials on xbox 360 with my daughter. it's nice to be able to play on my tablet now
international students : the man who made this game is genius. i love cars and bikes and please when will trial frontier 2 will come . please make this game i will be very happy to play the game trial frontier 2 . i have played 3 times now i am playing 4 time .
lucky singh : the game is good and wonderful graphics and maps but sometimes the controls don't work
tanmoy sinha : this game is so cool and chats of the careecters are also give very much support to the rider how was playing and the challenges of butch and his boy i do not remember his name he and his boss butch's challenges are also angry me and that's why i win all of his challenges and butch's that boy's excuses are so fanny after lossing every challenge "my turbo love is not working bla, bla armandilo is also so cool and tangi and that stant challenge boy is also so demanding. this game is really so good
jake gillan : love the game, i find myself getting really competitive in this game, really want to get just that bit further up the ranks everytime
emonsta : trials on your phone what is there not to like
john wayne : well i'd say good enough for my liking !
bonifacio mclemore : the best game i think for 2020, but they sould at least let you buy the blueprints for other bikes in the daily shop and they need to fix the stupid you crash at the finish line i was so close to setting a new world record then i died at the finish line.
benjamin d. silva : this game is so intense
kenneth james : it's the best time destroyer
myles opeter : i've never really had a problem the upgrading is kinda expensive and why get a new bike when the old one is better than the new one
shane behm : i got to a part in the game where it told me to go to the shop and get a special item. but the shop won't let me access items. so i am at a stalemate in this game.
kayla stephenson : i love this game on my xbox, so i decided to try the app. i'm quite impressed. it's a challenge. i just wish it was easier to get new characters.
markvalenz : this game is great! i like the trials rising rider. i.dont have him but he is my favorite rider. i also like the stuntman rider. this game is sick!
joshua hunke : the game is the best dynamics of motorcycle handling seen in any game so far the graphics are completely amazing! i have no complaints whatsoever!
a google user : i dont care what anyone else says, but its a beautiful game thank you ubisoft for another great game, keep up the great work, looking forward to seeing far cry 6
mervyn sutton : this is absolutely terrific game to play but really hard if your hand and eye coordination isn't well because then it becomes hard to play but really good though
jorge stevenson : great game, so great i levelled up to 42 stars on my apple phone, then happily restarted anew with my android device. fun & addictive.
markus : great fun game, but the waiting times and sometimes ads during a fricking race really bums me out.
a google user : great game for one point. been playing several years and still haven't got all the bikes or upgrades complete on one's i have. too hard to earn money
cobin baha : its the best experience i've had this game is great, really interesting to play but very difficult at times. the fun fact is that you'll enjoy it very much
tubinnit : this is 100% recommended to install, cuz nothing bugged my phone and it was great! and i finally earned my fav bike: phantom!!! if u add tier 4 then i could never stop playing! thanks man ;)
pavan raj : i actually didn't like motorbike stunt games when i started to play this game i liked now like this type of game and this have online system also offline storyline system also so i give it a five star
ananthula saikowshik : everything is good... but i think from last update haptic feedback not working on my oneplus 7 pro... without that the game seems to be dull... please add haptic feedback again
subrata ghoswami : very nice and op game
john short : awesome fun!! finally a motorcycle game that you can actually play without spending a fortune!! ( i haven't had to spend a dime) download the game kickback and enjoy.
william braun : very unique racing game .... usually don't go for these type of games , but this one's got me hooked and i'm lovin it ....thanks
muhammad ahmad raza : amazing! ubisoft always make good games.i certainly recommend this game to those who have played trails fusion and xtreme on pc.
seabo : it's one good-ass game. one of my favorites and i highly recommend it. not only does it have awesome levels but it also has a good story. thanks for making this game!
carbon cranium : this game is very fun and it runs smoothly although it crashes every time i pass a level. 5 stars
dee tee : fix the bike landing and getting stuck on the finish line one of the best however currently have 2 outfits that havent unlocked even though conditions are filled now what do i do? edit - waiting on 5 outfits
shabbir khan : really nice game, i like how they allow you to retain your ubisoft account (this is my 3rd time installing the game and my progress is still saved)
xander bogart : everything about this game is to the finest perfection.the graphics,sound, music,and online playing is amazing good job gys.you deserve a 5str rating
haydi nihoy : one of the best game in play store. good graphics. good playability. always updated...
nisrit thapa : wow this game's great. great graphics gameplay everything. this works smoothly even in low end phones. 5 stars to ubisoft.
syed mohamed asif : this games gives console like feeling. more games like this should be made to reveal the true potential of mobile devices. thanks to ubisoft for the game.
jerimiah israel : still the best .....all round not too basic but not too simple also....good picture and funny and fun... xxoo
faisal ayoubi : pretty good game overall, unlocking bikes isn't too challenging, and this game isn't pay to win which is good.
adam green : really great addictive game! i am glad that reinstalling the game worked fixing the glitch from the last update!
chadwick : verry enternaining with easy controls. played it on xbox 360 also n loved it ever since
rusira thamara : the best bike stunt game i ever played.best graphics,adventureous locations,best sounds and a sweet gameplay.addictive and great timekiller .
jay oshea : great transition onto phone, it has everything the originals have and more. really good fun
a google user : fantastically fun romp through a mad max / western world with a maddenily accurate physics component and strangely appealing characters.
psychic skull : great game, for anyone having the bunker not working, they are alrighty on it.
mychael strange : great so far! still learning flip controls though. it takes skill.
vikram singh soulanky : hii ok you have a good idea for the price and you can use the same 5pm as 5am 3pm 65feet to make sure the engine has a higher power than it would be for you and the other one would not have 366 the only way to get it to be 6am was that you can see the engine on your vehicle and you have to go to your mechanic for more okay
ben anderson : i constantly play this game! great controls, easy to play and follow and an entertaining story!
jdm no3 : this is actually the best trials since trials hd on xbox... i've even got some paid stuff... i really like it :)
andrew c : awesome game with great physics! great challenge and time killer! bet you can't beat my score!
xdevil z : a very good game. its got challenges all around the corner waiting for you. i love a good challenge.
linz : love this game! been playing for years. keeps me entertained. only one bike left to get an not far away from that. play every day.
matt marquicias : my experience is good theres no problems with me smooth and clean just bugs thats it.
ph blader nath : game is good, everything is good and its not boring, hope you add a quick battle multiplayer server not just play with friends
karl g : thought i lost all data when i switched phones but the way they save your progress saved my game. thank you guys.
milton martins : i like the game i enjoy it a lot and you can do lots of cool stunts but it can also be like boring in some sort of way
hellcat182 : it doesnt sucks but i have an saved account on facebook then i connect it but.. there is no save or load here this game rock but the only thing is you cannot save or load pls fix so now i can get to my original saved account on facebook
giorgi chachibaia : just great game design. not many ads. encourages you to take breaks often
james collins : quite a lot of fun during slow moments in the day. rise to be better than your past self.
robert w. jelm iii : super fun, fluid, acrobaticly designed courses with touch of awesome every level!
elwynn : i like this game but it is getting a bit boring and i'm just asking if you(ubisoft) can update it because i like hungry shark world and its updates but pls add more to other games like rayman and so on thx
selvan issac : nice game easy to play. graphics are awesome and plenty of surprises.
sarika salunkhe : the game is so hard i cross only 12 levels in 3 hours you will like changing game so please try this
daylon white : honestly pretty good but i dont know why but the new update isnt installing or budging from 92 please finish the update.
godwin david : very nice game. the controls and the bikes are great
dominic : fun game, graphics aint to bad and the gameplay is smooth
aayan rahman : this game is nice and good the people that created this game they try buy something was missing please try and create two players
daniel eruore : nice make up the storyline makes it perfect to ingage a player keep up the work guys
sean tremblay : really good trials game, wish they had soft acceleration and hard, since i can't use a trigger to give it a little gas
hagan shoemaker : i love this game it has smooth controls and has good graphics as well i this game makes me think im playing on a ps4 or an xbox 1
corgi : probably the best mobile game i have ever played, it can be infuriating at times for numerous reasons but nothing nearly bad enough to put me off the game
sage davis : i've always loved trials, and this game is no exception. if only it wasn't for the damn fuel limit.
cable u : i love the games on console and if you are away and need your fix, this is worth it.
tj h. : is an awesome game have played off and on for a few years. just wish it didn't take so long to upgrade your bikes
francis nelson calibjo : this game is fun i started playing this game back when i was 9 years old and the updates makes the game even more cooler..
josh i : fun thus far.. they definately want ur money... but i've made it to level 11 and havent spent any.
crazy master : this is the best game ever the gameplay well just everything about it is awesome i just wish you could upgrade your bike offline
chris calestini : in the last 6-7 years, i have had a few new phones... i have downloaded this game, to each of those phones
pancake fox : its a very fun game, i had it a long while back when i had an iphone and had some really cool stuff, i wish i could get it all back
kelsey dyer : i just updated the game and it was deleted off my phone. this pisses me off so bad cause i was really far and i played it all the time. this was my favorite game of all time.
tipong angah : good game but can you reduce the cost of upgrade it because i always lose many money to upgrade it
mike blackwolf : one of my favorites. always a fun way to kill time and it's always a challenge to better oneself.
julia delphia : great motorcycle racing game! been playing for over 3 years and it is still fun.
clay staley : i have never gone completely out of my way to rated an app at all much less rate one twice. this is the best game on android!!!!
pranavsankar : this is a good game but you want to change the controls and the people who challenge us and they are repeating
charlotte jenkins : the best game out 4 a phone and its a career game and never gets boring and there allways more tracks and bikes to collect and its a must game to get
oshekara : nice game i love it and completed most of the levels in last year but can i get that progress back now it was linked to my face book account ..?please reply any body
dennis smaltz : no complaints... fun... easy going...no pressure to bust out your wallet... thanks devs
joel smith : wanna be the most frustrated yet unable to stop playing that youve ever been? play this game. welcome to your new addiction...
nicholas carriker : i'm very impressed! this is a very well made and fun game with plenty of missions and activities to keep you entertained and having fun!
girivalan.k : best ever game i have played in the world great work guys.great graphic and design and concept.simply nailed it. great work guys.keep rocking and produce like this best games.............
jorjis : what a game! the control system is good. the graphics is outstanding.
varun more : the best motorbike game out there thanks ubisoft and yeah can you add controller support am having problems with the controlls
tony grismer : didn't expect it to be so addicting, fun and challenging. so far great job guys.
ashton halcovich : i absolutely love this game because you can buy cool stuff and they added a harley davison! if i were you i would play this game so if your reading this i hope this is good advice
kiba lade : man this is the best mobile racing game i've ever played. i'm in love. what can say more.. waiting for v8.0
muzikeria : best riding game ever the graphics are awesome and it has really cool levels and mission
bob anonymous : great game, lots of fun and some of the best crashes in the business.
gamer boi : this is a very addictive game .it has awesome graphic and realistic physic ,it deserves 10 stars
ray petrocelli : really like the game & all the variety of different options to play.
ace games : really good game great graphics and good control over your bike jus like if you were on a console
jerome wiggins : thrilling rides lot of fun never get bored from this game it is one of my favorite games it keeps me going and i play it everyday thanks
bert underling : a whole new experience from the old pc game. love it!!!
frankie tarantola : very fun but also old we want to see a trials frontier 2 with a longer campaign and maybe more bikes
24dtorres7 : great game ,love the many tracks and frequently updated content,so it dont ever get boring
satyaki kar : it's great, superb, fantastic. both we can play this offline and online. thanks ubisoft
mike stephen : simple.. one the best games i ever played on phone that cost very little if anything to still enjoy..
weston read along : love this game.. challenging and fun. love playing against other player from around the world.
indra r : this game very interesting awesome graphics even i play no lags good game but one in vehicle upgrade needs internet try to fix it
heather morris : so much fun! i seriously have a hard time trying to stop playing,and make myself go to sleep!!! i just cant put it down!!!!
raja imran : amazing, absolutely what i expected from the screenshots... painted look and all that...
a google user : it's a good game , instead of just choosing missions you can choose trials
taseu ryugi : the gameplay and character's voice are really funny. gave me a good laugh..
zynab osiemo : nice game but if you may make the upgrades and the game itself offline otherwise it is a great game hats off to ubisoft and the others bravo awesome
aryan lakra : very good but i am nit able to connect through my facebook account when i click option it connects to google play and all is from start ?? i want to play online for the other rewards
golam rabby : the graphics is just wow..best motorcycle game available in the platform..phycics is also good..
vinay m : this game is very good in graphics, story and everything. nothing like this before.
fth rb rb : excellent game but the upgrade in bikes take too long and it's need internet please make upgrade without internet
purvik gwda : superb ... graphics are awesome..... good time pass game......ubisoft is legendary gaming company..... i love it!!
scottie vogel : exceptional game i love the graphics and time to go over and over again to get it right
gamingninja : i love it its just a game on the go and i love game's on the go and plus i love trials on the ps4 and xbox one so i have to give to a 5 star
donald falcone : it's a quality handheld experience coming from a pc gamer!
dr. md. ashikur rahaman. : very nice game. nice control. much fun. but one thing u get limited reward.
karie schlegel : i'm grooving on it other than the extreme updates and latest content that take unusually long to download
eric skipo : overall a fun and exciting game with challenging levels. good job
nicksayue s : keep lagging when u enter the maps.. this is a good game.. please fix it..
siddharth thakker : those vibration effects and characters is what makes this great. thanks ubisoft.
cory groves : great graphics, easy controls. good time killer
cherry byrne : some people need to get new phones to play this it is the best game ever people that read this like this 5stars people need to get like a lg phone they are good enugh to play this game and some people need to open up some space to play this game thats why you guys get gliches and more and please like ;)
olivia montgomery : i love the cloths u can put on when i first played i thoght it was gonna be level to level butttt theres a story line also cool bikes thx ubisoft also good job on forhonor
pdog 111 : this game has got amazing graphics and the controls are just so easy to use
ryan alan frazier : one of the coolest games i've downloaded since i've had my phone i've had it for about 15 years so i'm not the same phone but android but one of the best games i've downloaded specially as is motorcycle
david wells : decent game...not just a bunch of sponcer videos to watch and dont have to buy something just to play it..gave it 5*..
kinjal kushwaha : i love this game because the good graphics and the controls it is also based on stratagy love the flips
andre williams : it's a great game but the i have one problem is the download the latest content it's not downloading
nathan christensen : when you up grade your bike it should add new parts instead of staying the same but over all it is very good
supreme egg : good game need more update. more bikes, more stage, more booses (in other season), more outfit. ali in all game is asowm
kyle gentzyel : great gameplay good easy to use control of the rider great game just slow gameplay online only bad aspect
a google user : when i see this game a got the trials shark on hungry shark evolution by the way this is for kids and adults so it's fun and very challenging
tielar mahurin : i love this game its fun it's a good story and you make money pretty fast to upgrade your bike
paul 1979 : a nice and fun game to play with easy controls.
maro ja : amazing! the game play and graphics are super! bravo on this lovely game.
david horner : one year on & i still love this off road dirt bike challenge . i recommend this app ! ! ! it's &
bradlee pierce : love the game,but,for some reason after the new update when i go to login it wont load and then sends me back to my home screen.please fix this
kaiyu shi : i think it's one of the best game in the last 2 years, great graphics and vibrations. loved it
unga bunga : i used to play thid game when i was younger i love it still and i just started but for some reason there are no moremissions i can't earn xp to level up so i don't know pls help
justin blevins : great physics, fun storyline. definitely worth checking out.
paul benoit : absolutely killer game. i've literally been playing for years and it never gets old or boring.
itchylemur12 : very addictive game and a great way to pass the time. this game is simple but great.
kelton paulus : it's the most addictive and fun game i've ever played in my life but it does have a lot of ads which is a bummer.
david clark : not like other free to play games so far. haven't hit any hard ad walls or pay walls yet.
a google user : this game is very very beautiful and amazing levels i loved ubisoft games thanks for creating amazing game and levels
jeffy games : i love this games graphics i also love the controls, bikes and much more.
meco : incredible i haven't player for 4-5 years found her again just make it so we can load data off a clouse please? still awesome though
melanie piccone : amazing has odd gameplay wich worked in there favvour also just quickly the girl that wants the candy is wierd
craig hansen-spure : well fist time on the game and it's one of the best bike game's i have played in a long time thanks keep them comeing,thanks craig hansen.
erlein raine : can i get my old account back. i didn't played this game for 2 years. i went back but it didn't recover my items again. can i recover back my items again? thanks anyways
a google user : fun,fun,fun! best trials game out! great graphics! great gameplay!
a google user : i've had this game for quite a long time and i see it as one of the best mobile ubisoft games that i have played.
randy morrow : best game on 360 now best on my phone. i yell at people when they dunno about trials.
chicken nuggs : this game is very fun its graphics are great the game runs really smoothly and it its very fun to play
dusty shirley : great game. been playing this game for years and it never gets old. to the developes. keep up the great work.
kristi gajtani : i played this game 5 times and i will play it again. the game that everybody should have in their phone. amazing job !!
depar manzoor : the best game ever i tried it and completed some levels and now i am an addict really try this game and be a addict
anil ani : really nice game ...good graphics but little bit improve the controls...
[redacted] : its soooo cool i mean the graphics the gameplay its freakin cooool better keep this in the bag!!!!
kumora : it's game is really good it's fun to play you can play it's game for hours i love its game.
janav gami : best game ever played it is very nice and the gripping power is very good l thank a lot for making a good entertainment for me
allen gregory : awesome game but should add more buildings to home town and more bikes and levels
maximum rpm : this is one of the most realistic games ever and the funniest and this is from a rider myself
macoy gomeri : sick game what it needs new charecters more bikes more foes more maps and thats it overall great game!!!!!
chandrashekhar patil : awesome game. but too much ads in game. but rest is superb.
the call of duty and halo 4 channel : i love it it is just so amazing i can't stop playing it it is like i'm stuck in here but don't care because it is amazing!
steven manuel : trials is complex, yet easy to have fun, game. love it... still yet.
a google user : good game but upgrade is requires an internet connection.that is the problem.please fix it.after all good game.
a google user : this game is amazing it build supence in the story line love the bikes and cool paint jobs
the potatoking46 : i love this game but why no level editor? this game was perfect for it but there just was none, i really hope there not done with this game.
rohith padamadan : very addictive and a quick way of entertainment good grapgics too!!!!
ethel williams : wow good graficics this is the best game yet but it was a little off with the bike but no worry's
william 7ksmith : that game is so crazy but i like it but rock and rolling i can't believe they added a ghost to that game that's that's weird and weird
bo barcus : it is the perfect combination of fun and challenging it also has co-op
edgars kasparovics : not offensive with ads and runs properly. also, great game!
zephan de beer : it's a great game but you should make the traks more steady but so far it's fantastic
yz 250 : great game. however i have adds when i've paid money for items. why do i have adds?
jonathan calhoun : i have been playing this game for a few years now off and on and have beaten it. it still has a lot of replay value. love it!
oliver tazarurwa : greatest game ever really,from graphics to the experience.well done!!!
arijit raj : playing from 2016 i had never feel any bugs and problems running smoothly with my any device and now i am pro now playing on pc of asus g14
subhadip dutta : the game is really good. the story is very interesting and the bikes are awesome.
telugu topic's : best bike stunt game i never see, good controls and graphics.
madan ssm : nice and also graphics are so good and i want tell the manager it is awesome. thank you
squeaky : i love this game not to many ads but don't like the fuel, stops me from playing
life imitating death : love thus game.. look forward to my daily reward everyday.. best free game on my phone!
wesley kinnas : addictive,addictive,addictive,if you don't like this game there is something wrong with your head
jacob willhoite : just like on trials on a playstation with with a different user interface.
dark asylan : this is the only game i've ever rated. redlynx is amazing, and i'm loving this game eo far.
a google user : love it, very entertaining & time consuming while at work.
william cloud : great game, cool tracks and always something to do.
mister moose : love it i just love the way its so nice about everything i like the speech bubbles everyone has a diffent feeling about everything
aliff mikhail kamarudin : uuudi in la mytic is a is looking good so in a fortnite the gema the rest are you going in for the rest is ok with the best way for you going to go with the gema in the gema in this message and it's attachments without reading it too late and it's attachments without reading them in my opinion the rest are not available on the gema is the rest are not available in a is looking good so far and wide variety in the rest of my opinion we have we have to do it every tim yes
christian valenzuela : damn! just look at those smooth game play and graphics thank you for this wonderful game
zkull gaming : this is a amazing game i played it on my other phone and the a got a new one the game runs amazing no problem with fps
jason kupstas : i like it trails could b a little more trail like long hills hard get up maybe some spitting dirt
saket sikarwar : absolutely good graphic and sensible game. please send me more games for review.
minergaming yt : the reason i rate this a five star is because i used to play this on my old tablet and i rate this now cause i didn't get t to before and i love this game!!!
clayton carey : great graphics and gameplay, needs a longer story though
nadhem bayouli : really fun and well made game , barely feels like a mobile game reminds me of the actual console trials game
abhishek gupta : graphics is not bad and also the task is easy for better experience people
joshua parnell : clean crisp plays well and doesnt lag great graphics and doesnt have viral adds up the yin yang
j n : if possible adding some different views would give the game an almost different feeling and more fun
fernando g. ramirez. : glad you guys keep updating, this wonder game. it is simply enjoyable.
a google user : keep up the good work. i think it would be better if we can buy the bike's in stead of a puzzle
cooper bell : very fun, love the mechanics and the whole long story line
ayush sarkar : amazing game just like other ubisoft games. deserves 5 stars , nothing less than that.
jem : what a game i played all your games include prince of persia series well this was gud road race game i love so much make another game of this type good luck
marlize krauspe : absolutely love this game but there are too many ads please remove them
younis salam : i wante play it with my friend oline and give us some thing to win gold to improve the pike !!
jai prathap s : outstanding game but you need to spend money for more fun.
jaclyn bilson : the game is the best. however the midnight club is not working. i still think that it is the best game ever
rick steen : finally a game that keeps my attention the upgrades on the bike are definitely noticeable in the performance
unik tongue : the graphic is amazing,this is the best biker game i ever download,thanks for making.
al-amin haxan : this a good bike racing game it has good controls and nice gameplay!
{anubhav} : ubisoft games are usually amazing and no doubt this game is great too.
dan mlp : the best motorbike game out for a phone i think the game is good and its one of my top 3 games out for a mobile
mohammad riad : wow this is just wow,nice graphics and good control..this is just amizing game.i love this game
vulture gaming : this game is really goos but please make it so that we can play offline n complete campaign
sylcra dae : this game is amazing first of all nice graphics and secondly smooth riding thirdly its easy to buy things
jake johnson : just the way it should be played fun and easy, fun way to past the time
monarch fresh juice : awesome game but it owes me over 30 gold tickets from all the ads i've watched and gotten nothing in return.
bakayaroo : i've been playing this game since 5 years and yet never got bored doing the same missions all over again , the bikes and the tracks will never get old and never fail to excite you.
md humayon sarker : the game is very good.i am very enjoyed this game.all graphics and control is very nice.
a google user : nice so if you need a donation in your app let my friends know name jaja akien seck aeris and thx for the game it's really good for sports and game
jaber abdullah : the game is cool because it have story mode and the game can play in offline
seif el-deen mohamed : the best game i ever played the graphics and gameplay and sounds is so funny good work guys
mohammed salem : nice game with good-looking map and a story progress.
a google user : it is awesome you have to race other racers and do missions to get new bikes
corey atkins : hate that you have only a limited amount of gas before you cant play anymore my kids love this game but have to wait for a while to play again
ammar khan : great graphics,awesome adventure?ubisoft is the best of all!!!!!!
nicole bernet : it can be a boring game but after a while it gets good and you get a pet
dhamakedar gaming : very good game with realistic physics and effects.a must play game.
r bates : great game! but i lost all of my progress and couldn't get it back
mokshith mokshi : this game is awesome but some there difficult in levels please improve that
el_frontero jimenez : very fun game it's so good and the textures ad detail they put in this game
nandlal trikam : back key on top left not working when i crash, i have to press it from my device button, i have to press retry.
calien's tutorials : this is a very nostalgic game when i was 4 i used to play this game keep up the good work and ill play this game again cus its nostalgic
jessica patrick : cuz it's easy to unlock stuff and it's the best thing ever i hope you make some more like it
isaiah green : i love the game its so awesome i love winning races i also like getting new skins
enosadeba oziegbe : good graphics, no ads, just the best offline bike game
greg pienkowski : huge fan of trials and this is a worthy mobile addition. love it!
mohit chauhan : great! game controls are easy and graphic is very high
harish : best time passing game and graphics was amazing!!
omm sahoo : best game in my words. its graphics are best. i love this game.
mehdi moustaqim : i love this game it is really fun to play i hope there will be a second part for it, it will be really apperciated
kamal shrest : beautifully polished game ... simple yet enjoyable..story is great and gameplay is beautiful
leni mein : best trials mobile game ever amazing graphics great gameplay and great tracks
kuwe thele : this game is really fun.. i am playing this game for a very long time and it still does not make me bore.....
lesedi light : good graphics,smooth gameplay and nice story
greg demartino : very enjoyable game easy to use and fun like a barrel of monkeys
deepak chanda : nice game i love it but i request to add system to earn diamonds by watching ads :-d
holly coe : i think that this is a awsome racing game and it should be in a museum. really!
brick nongrum : thanks and best wishes to all my best to get back end support and help them find you a copy
median 4 : okk. nice gameplay graphics are awesome one can have the addictiion of game
kristian lynch : best game ,best quality,especially if you play ubisoft games,assassins creed franchise etc.
andy wade : great game and not bithered by infernal ads like over trials games.
llsalutell gaming : fun game. its a good stress killer and i get lost in time lol
dr uma devi manickam : so nice use it , we can ride bikes to various places so that it's so mindful game also thank you for this game
twinbros za : betsy ross and the company is looking to get a great deal with it will not have to an end. the loot to an end in itself. the loot to an end in itself. the loot to an end in itself is the company also has a great game r. the company is also available in itself, the company also
mohammad imran khan : story based game & good to play. not so fancy. real enjoyment. i'm enjoying
anant purohit : the jaipur the first time i have a great time to do with a bit of a few days later on today i have been trying to find the best way to get go to on the way to get a the same time as a result of a few days and we can get the best way to go to a the best way to get go for a few days ago and the rest of the most day to you by email or call me if you are looking at a time of when you have a good idea to get to the end of this email and i will be able to make it a go and see get the cheapest car hire
ben ferguson : great game, easy to play and decent physics.
trident & bow : its preety goofy, but its good. i like that its challenging.
jason m. pixler : ok so i really love thia game but ive run into a problem. it wont let me log in. i got really far but had to get a new phone and now it looka like lost all of it.
ken salser : nice graphics, decent game play, funny story line.. pretty fun game
daniel white : fully evolved. playing this game for about 7 years. very nice
rk bagraniya : i am big fan of ubisoft games....this game have amazing graphics with vibration features so it will give real feels.
vijay navsar : i love this game because it graphics are so nice i am play this game in my iphone 7+ .
ravi chavan : unbelievable gane and control, graphic.it is most best offline game.
lee hibbert : great games ads don't spoil the feel ! well done makers!!
a google user : this too much super hit but more difficult after 10 levels
ahmed saleh : very entertaining but please don't force us to watch ads
heather fitzko : i love it i love it i love it so much easier than you thought it would be it's so fun and funny
sami hamoude : best motorcycle game ever good graphics and gameplay.
smurfer17 : good graphics and gameplay. runs well on my lg v20.
tripp collins : love it offline and online its really good it still needs work but not much
lei-yoo han : awesome graphics and gameplay. more maps to come
ayush kumar : i love this game in bike stunt category real concept nice animation nice graphic in 100 mb
muhammad saeed muhammad saeed : amazing gameplay. excellent graphics
a google user : very easy to play , the graphic is very good
wyatt king : fun love every thing about it was simply then i got new phone and had. to restart i love it it is the best game i ever had
mysticsans dreamer : its really fun the graphics look good the games awsome so far
mike one : very good, beautiful and no laggy game :) 5 stars! thanks u, ubisoft!
a google user : epic game love the funny fails but please make the missions easier
jurmy namgay : good so far hope to continue with best of the best love this game so much!! and continuing till now what so, best when its starts with broom broom!!
martin richards : i like it it's different and easy to control.
jagansai yadhuveer : it's a good game with best graphics and it has interesting storyline
samantha-lee kleinhans : very good grafefixye and clear sound and it keep u busy for while before you now 3hours have pass away nice
mxolisi mxova : best bike game but it has hard level's that take a long time to pass
fatema jahura : i like this game so much.it has so many bikes and levels.i am so instructing to play this game!!
aseas tmang : best adventure game.and best bikes ever!.. i also want to have this kind of bike .can i get a bike from this game in real.?
mr. good night : can't connect to the bunker... please fix the problem..
ttvtyler 854 : i love this game no ads it's fun and it's a challenge
bradley bankhead : very good intersecting game i highly recommend this game to all people i really enjoy it and it's great fun
star guardian : very fun app loved it so much!!! but needs alot of wifi though but not always
dean stack : brilliant little game works better on tablet but still not your normal basic rubbish
wade nuthak : what a fun game and the physics are excellent good job keep me comin
kenny daisey : this game is very addicting .....i havent found to many games that keep me interested in them to where i just want to keep playing
jack kasama : i enjoy playing this game. it has beautiful graffic and awesome story.
oneillia dinnall : it is a good game and has awesome graphics.
ashwini kadam : real nice game and mechanics. always was a trials fan.
jayant sharma : very nice game, good graphics, and fully time pass
subhranshu rajpal : super fun to play and great character's in the game.
david robinson : addictively simple and engaging gameplay.
james tullos : everything's awesome except for the mission items on the fortune wheels
mohammad tak : becarefull to save game.you can lose your progress easily
raja sharyar turk : excellent graphics, sounds and control
a google user : awesome game, addictive, quick, and fun!!! a must have
yolanda liebenberg : its a cool game theres nice things,its aswem ,its nice , its super cool , a aswem tham cool game but sometimes boring
gary mathes : fun to play almost as good as the console version.
bharath selvan : this is my favourite game.i like to win and collect blueprints and build bikes.
hukum yadav : it is a good game but their levels are difficult but it is very good game
kiran suman furtado : good graphics and controls.
arul kumaran : it was a nice game and its easy to win the playoffs .
gregoire millette : so good i had to uninstall it because i ended spending more money on it then any other game ive ever played
emmanuel salvatore : simple but great graphics and funny totally recommend
abdul mannan : very good for time pass. exercise for mind. cool game
rishi cool boy : i give him 5 stars because it is a nice game. its controls are good.it is also very stunty game.thank you.
ekpo taye : excellent game . good graphic , good gameplay
kanack attack : great everything just can take long to update loved it for a long time
ozzy andra : i like this game cause i can make this game easy with game guardian, so i can unlock bike
carl anthony f : love it! i hope i could retrieve the game that i played before. but still it's good to start as new.
andrew myers : it's fun! i have no complaints, good time killer.
tony dayzie : gotta make a part 2. really enjoyed it. add more details eh?
hypeninja spiral : its notice a trials i've ever played but its kool but can we get like a rising crossover pls
jem velunta : simple and fun. always loved motorbikes!
domenick wagner : it is fun, like the story line so far. really good game
gergely leko-rozsa : it's hard, it's unforgiving, it's evil! i love it!!!
jin dongsao : good game, good graphics with nice story
a google user : super fast and efficient service, and i have a good time
samuel kaffa : it is good but i don't like the upgrade is about internet, i hate net games
vighneshwar bhat : the image of game of trials frontier is super soft and smooth and the other side of the game is
reuel munywa : very good game. excellent graphics!
terence banda : guys this game right here is super awesome and the story line is great wow i love it
joseph jiji : just amazing. keep up the good work ubisoft.
ketan jain : special effects such as fire blasts when u r riding bike is one the usp of this game.....i love this game... thumbs-up to the developer..he has nailed it completely
primalmyco : a fun game. a lot of content and you will not get bored playing it.
ferhad spahic : i use to play it 6 years ago, now i'm back again and it's just perfect. i love it!
michael brown : great, but it some how changed my name, it happened when i updated so how do i get my originally used name back
mason farris : excellent cant wait to see it progress.
abubakat anwar : fantastic! but gems are harder to win.
lil h : good game but the character needs more fall ?
dylan is awesome : i will do a shout out to my game updated the police station and d is awesome to get to the bottom of the best way to get a burger and aiden are you going on a new one i picked up the one who is a little bit of a burger and aiden is the best way for a new show up the one i am going camping and aiden are you going
prameela ps : super graphics i love this game amazing missions and ride
carmello incorvaia : passes the time and looks really good.
sinalo yabo : really amazing game love the graphics and good story
free fire tamilans : nice gaming controles real time and i never see this model gane nice app
adam hasselbach : i used to love this game on console. now i get the same experience, but anywhere!!!
shakeel lon3 : best game ever .....really nyc graphics...and above all thrilling
da king : i really love this game but it need an improvement in the saloon section
the reef samurai : awosome graphics but must improve multiplayer gameplay!
rajagopal muthumanikam : i have built my bike and upgrade all of the bike. the main issue is the fuel but the upgrade remains the same. this is the great game i played.
wamieth jassim : one of the most beautiful games i've played and still play every now and then highly recommend
khurram hameed : great game easy to play nice controlls what a game is this enjoy.
mandip singh : really really gud well build like bike boron ... even better grt ... finally found a gud bike game on android
christopher barnes : fun lots to do and fuel refreshes quickly. great game!
a gorki reddy : good game but need to improve garage settings
chrissy 3 piece : played console for years and this is a nice pocket option
mohd waliur rahman : hey i love this game but in the update i think it coming soon so that in the latest update i want anew map
anthony groce : i love the trials game. good to find a mobile version
rafael gomez : love it just like xbox need to have sensitivity option
mike husted : it a great game. but i am stuck on the download .it won't comepit the donwlond..
rishi animation : i played also pc version and this game is so amazing and challenging it is rage
jirehjames capili : cool and nice graphics all are great and fun
jamal shah : the great awesome app chamak rahy you have a great day inshah allah de oke you have a lot of mind if i don't have a lot of mind if i don't have it up and relaxing mood for subscribe to the jalsa or darna cause i have to go to the jalsa or darna cause i have to go to the jalsa or darna cause i don't think you have a lot to do you have to go unsub you catch on thin
rebecca longworth : was an awesome game not like xbox but really good for mobile and ios
pritam paik : awesome game awesome levels and awesome graphics
mitchell olisa : aaaawwwwweeesome i wish a part two of this game would be released. i never get tired of this game
wendy rhodes : i've played trials hd, trials fusion, and im going to play this (i played trials hd, and trials fusion on my xbox.)
edrich predas : there's a lot of bugs but it was fun so 5 star
reon motors : nice game minimal ads graphics also is very good
zack zarik : awesome game controls are great and very addictive game
kaushik garkoti : very nice game... highly detailed physics and amazing gameplay
reuben hayes : this game is amazing never had any problems with it good job creators
dmitry shmakov : super fun and great graphics and story!
john nickol : very challenging, can't put it down.
dje : its a fun game but it wont let me connect to ubisoft ugh
a google user : this game is sick not because it's a motorcycle game but because it's an upgrade game.
joel johnson : another great game from the ubisoft entertainment.
mad max : the game is super quality control etc,. is super tnx
shankar nayak : it's graphics and audio very heartless
jack harvey : the hamster said to. game is decent, tons of pay to win, though
sharon dsouza : it is a chalanging game it is like x box trials game but make types of bike ill
glen scott : great game. lots to do. hours of fun. love it.
gerry lazar : it's really funny and entertaining but the only problem is the gas
renaud adjaho : good this game is the must moto game i never play the grsphics is good every think in the gadme is good the think i likes the must is that we can upgrade the gear this game is good by and awsom.
stone mcdonald : great game with little ads and really fun
norbert kindermann : addicting game that u have hears about in a podcast
a google user : a pretty good game as far as motocross goes.
fhavour : the game is awesome i have not finished completed level 1 before writing this
nayeem iftikhar : awesome gravity and controls are perfect
aniket pawar : most are people like thi s games ... veri good games ...and this games grafics very beautiful... i like this games..
abdulrehman waseem : great visuals,graphics,story a 5/5 for me
shivang tripathi : very nice graphic and playing very easy very interested game
savithri raghavan : best game and nice graphics but the stunts are not nice
scott dallaway : great game played on xbox trial hd and so on
don romanticko : the preformans of this game is good for may cellphone galaxy j1 ace so i give this 5 star
micheal may : this is the best game i have played with a smart phone period.
dripper : please help me i downloaded this game in google play store and it always says licensing failed please ubisoft help me
marcus highsted : awesome game, can't put it down
a google user : good game.nice graphics. time thriller..
brian shinkovich : i played warehouse version on p.c. better game. i was hoping for more games.
mason shaw : it is a great time killer and has easy control's
ryan clinton-smith : brilliant reminds me of the old 80s game kickstart.
joe street : entertaining and challenging! enough said.
a google user : it has good characters and good bikes and i want all of them
eduard molnar : gfx: 9/10 gameplay: 9/10 story: 8.5/10 overall, great game.
pratheep s : awsome, good graphics , worth it
tanmay kshirsagar : nice graphics and control. i love it
michael west : lots of fun, probably my favourite android game and its free!
bryson harmon : good game the bikes are perfect and the driving is good
biplav singh : this game is so goood and his level very hard and not easy
a google user : nice one good graphics bt too many ads
james kadhila : most defiantly one of the most funniest coolest games i have seen and played
jeremy gandee : great challenge on this game and keeps me playing.
dhiraj rakhyani : has started lagging a lot when we open the world map. pls fix it
manish kumar : graphics and gameplay both are amazing
shaik munna : controls 3.9/5 game play 4/4 graphics 4.8/5 finally the game is awesome
raind shrum : great game. another better than 99% of the nonsense they make for phones today.
stas wallace : this game is great. wasn't expecting it to be as good as on console. it definitely is!
debarghya ray : spectacular game, amazing graphics, stunning paintings, astounding and astonishing bikes!
slim stock : i've always loved the trials games! this is great!
nilmini sandamali : super game.super graphics and crazy tracks
rich linton : hours of fun and the best game i played that keeps me coming back for more.
atakan uslu : thank you for making this game i am working hard to find good games please make more bikes
abhisek roy : 5star for the best background music. nice graphics too
lalit bisht : i like this game so much. graphics are quite good enough.
mohd haizam bin mustapha : should add local hotspot and bluetooth
the greek gods : play fix the map it's been a year pls fix the map i haven't play this for a year cuz of the map pls fix it
william astbury : really good quality game plus "cornelius" is really cute
uncheckedknight , : see i played it for a little while but this update gets stuck on 26% done i even tried uninstalling it
tiger claw kickass master : i love riding bikes and kicking bucth's but my most favourite bike is the super deadly skeleton jackal motorbike!
adithya raj : this a good game with 2d and 3d graphics
bangla help : i love it best trial games thank you male it offline very very amazing game world
mike stangel : fun game, i dig the little story line
flicky flicks : best way to pass time. totally deserve 5 stars.
h ford : the controls are very hard
josh pomeranetz : first i love all your games this one is fun and calm i'm not very far but i like the story
lanre joshua : it is a very good and interesting game for young people to play.
wafi moidin : one of the worst thing is update i mean i love it but when update comes out im very angry so fix it please and put a update knower house ok
haidyn mchugh : just like an original trials game, controls are good
librado sowell : i like it cuz it has bikes ..................... it really awesome with the story
john poulter : loads of fun and you dont have to pay to enjoy
soniya sharma : i liked this game very much whenever i spent my money it gave me more money instead
henry amponsah : this game is so amazing,but the controls are not that good
haoyu wang : please improve game experience on 18:9 screen.
bhanu kapoor : challenging very very challenging and fun
robert serrano : this game is very fun. i ride my dirt bike every day and once i'm done i play this game.
joe shaver : great fun! just keep playing and playing.
waleed waheed : perfect bike game ever nice graphics nice controlling
parveen akhtar : best game but need some more importance in controls
deon dalziel : great game in all aspects. keep up the good work
gabriel mcclure : great graphics and controls
todd zwak : great fun, no overwhelming commercials
genius arts : it's simply amazing. best bike racing game ever.
ranga rooffy : kills it for one of the best games if played in a long time :)
ajay bose : i love this game because it have good graphics and super physics
john clemons : apart from the bugs i like it bin playin for years
adrian marasigan : still a decent game after 7 years. i hope to see a new game soon
daniel brown : i love this game! great graphics and story
mohammed jiya : doooooooppppeeeeeee awesome thanks for creating this game ,it's like playing trials rising on phone
a google user : great game. they need to make more trials
deborah guess : even though i have played this game in 2-3 years it is still easy to play
jino joy : one of best offroad mobile game in the world
david g : fun, just like the console games
lyw gamer : nice game still my favorite motor hill racing games from 2014 i only play game on 2016 btw
emile meyburgh : awesome game i love it, ubisoft is famous, makes sense
henry guaracha : good game..can you restore my game,im shiny909..
tt3b xl tx : so many memories when this game came out i finally getting back i love this game
tweleroy : best mobile motorcycle game out there.
sarita singh : that additional file download led to unistall
a google user : love this franchise. story is fun too!
a google user : i've never played a game that i enjoyed so much while getting pissed off at the bad guys
jayson anderson : i like it it reminds me of the real trials on xbox
a_sweat : it has the ubisoft account so i can play i my old game files .
fareed muhammed : awesome game but defeating ancient master was very difficult
dinesh karthik : i liked a game lot but after completing a level driver acts like he's on drugs
aiwin : whoopie.. i just downloaded the game i've been looking for year's.thanks ubisoft
a google user : this game has some of the best physics i've ever got opportunity to play
kanta mizuno : the best game i've played so far. thanks @ubisoft i really enjoyed this game,keep up the good work
prod spindah : thevmost epic game but not better than trial fusion hd evolution dragons blood or rising lmao still cool soe i like it one thing remove the gas thing its kinda poopy since like the whole this......just doodoo lmao but just keep up the good work and stay safe byw bye boiz and girlz
ritesh pillai : fantastic ..i luv it..my fav childhood 2d game in an improved version
spencer allen brown : its aload of fun exiting upgrades an sweet jumps an drops
itstempest431 : love the trials series and this is almost if not better than what i expected
stephanie cantrell : i is pretty up to par but somtimes its a little easy
bufete araujo dieck : love this game, fun & challenging.
exotic skeletons : i love the game but it won't let me log in to my ubisoft account can you fix that thank you
piyush kaushik : update bike times are ridiculously long. fix that.
arno pretorius : it is a great game to play with friends.i loved this game a lot.
family account : trials frontier just the absolute best game ever
united king : i like this game you can install the game best for offline play time pass
mohammad emraan : osm gameplay great graphics good controls i give that five plz frndz download it.
sahil bhandari : smooth gaming experience at 90hz good game
j bennett : this game is addicting and fun to play can't put the tablet down
valerie young : it was a fun game the gas is anonymously cool the graphics are so good
john isaiah : like the baron but with plots and old western era ..nice..
craig siv 1 : cool game not boring always new challenges enjoy
jordan bowles : amazing game with great graphics
abhishek gautam : nice game becase it has best control and graphics
smarak sarangi : such a great graphics ...also works in notch
dewi wulansari : great game how about make a mobile version of far cry i think it will be great
gaming with mohit : best gamimg experience its look real vibration when jump
amy sims : this game is really awesome i'm going to keep playing this game for a long long long time
dennis boamah : this is the best motor bike game ever.i wish i can give u people hundred stars.great game
the holy warden : i love this game and always will. i managed to get like... 12th globally at one point!
mauer built : i am enjoying the rides super intense i'll be playing for a quite a while
a google user : i really love it best bike game ever keep up the good work
fs_shattered : i love the game it's a good way to spend your free time on.
minda terre : this game is cool the graphics ang control i give 5
akinola samson : interesting but too much of online processing
zachary richardson : great game just as fun as trails fusion
manju dilip : best stund game i ever i played because it have only less mb and graphic are so great i love this game
mohammed nafiun : good game excellent graphics,gameplay,storyline
danilo dzumor : nice graphics, well done
jaykob hatch : good game ive played for years i liked it then and i like it now
edward mikula : its a very fun game cool events, kinda expensive though
stinger p9t : i previously had a 2 star review but all of my issues where resolved. thanks so much guys.
christopher cordova : i love it. it keeps me occupied for the most part, lol!
jetryx calicdan : im so happy to play that game i feel like real drive a motor thank you for that game....
thanga raj : good game. time is passing when you play it
karn : more trials games please, im a beginner in this genre
daergan guy : never boringi cannot stop myself from playing this! someone save me
gomtesh chougule : nice game graphics are very good sound is clear
joeris llaneta : i'm play this game of 12 years is super proud..end is not buying at thanks for game
edwin jacob : at a particular itsbecome too hard, otherwisei would like this morethan pubg
dave as : very fun and engaging game, thanks developers!
502-abhishek kandukuri : what a game awesome bike game ever super bikes and places are amazing wow
jan andreas van rensburg : exiting and cool just takes to much data but i love it
a google user : i love this game so additive except for the fact that the fuel is limited
nabin maiti : very adventurous and inspiring game.
henry daniels : i just started playing this game.i can see me keeping this one.its fun and easy.
jack morrison : no ads unless you really wanna speed up am upgrade which is 30 seconds
saad waqas : games of ubisoft are perfect.
neelam bhardwaj : it's very good game with good graphics
a google user : great game with crazy control and good gameplay i love it
adri ajon : solid,simple,addictive
sujan neupane : very awesome game i like this game love you creater
nisar khan : game is very good all the bike is realistic
clayton rodriguez : fun gameplay, great for all ages
tim gillespie : *they gave me all my stuff back!* you made me start over because i transferred my data from an old phone tip a new one.
lara crofty : great graphics and time killer
sudesh kathare : u never get bored of it! i wish to see an update where u can earn diamonds in events.... thanks for the thrill #lovefromindia
jack burgess : fun and doesnt take up much space
collins efemena : cool game 1 of my best game but too difficult after defeating butch
karan saw : very nice game well done! performance and nice experience
peter anderson : played this game a lot as a kid and i still like it 5 or so years later
yasin kayemba : this is really beautiful, i love the game, i surely.
zoom 7776665554 : graphics are good no there amazing
a google user : it's a good game and the outfits and bikes are cool
mahlon bagwell : awesome! just like playing the trials on ps4!
terrified gaming king : this is a awesome gake with good hd graphics loved it
noel fernandez : best game ever simple fun and ritualistic
acetiv8 : loved this game back in 2014 and still love it today, would love to see a sequel or an update for this
karabo moyo : this is a nose games and fun to i have nothing to commplen abuat this game is so fun guys i love it
johnson cua jr : thank you ubisoft for this fun and exciting game!
evan williams : fun game lots of customizing its fun!!
tyler johnson : best game on the play store, hands down.
asha yadav : the game that entertained me a lot best game in my life ever love this installing again !!!
issac whitehead : i haven't played the new version yet but i really like this game is awesome game to play
friday egbulefu : just wish bike upgrades didn't require internet connection
aman kumar : best stunt game with good graphics
mr leo : love the game and the graphics
xyloss the gamer : i love this game because it is very intusted and pass my vasted time ,, thankyou
chilly willy : aggravatingly difficult yet fun!
badman piyush : i love ubisoft games.... this also a good, in fact a beautiful game
pratik kumar : file is not downloading properly in my phone.
hyperdrivestation 2.0 : nooooo why the ads ok then we'll can't play this then.
dzina : awesome game i used to play several years ago, today i downloaded it again can't stop playing
motivational speech : good game need new mood like story and racing
raja hussain : cbeksh infocuzgfxtdyef gvdjdgzsfgsyeyfhh shuffle product you are not in yt that which cannot come x that which cannot send address iss good xfsdwvdx
sonali nagare : this game is very nice i have played this game nice game and very bikes and very maps thanks for launching the game
madhavi bhat : nice game. bikes are stylish. very good game.
nazneen ghulam ali : trail fontrea is a good game good game i like translate not then much but i do play i'm not that much but i don't like it then much i am too like to slow yeah like i don't know something i don't know what does yeah i don't know yeah i know you don't even play them mine but i do i do it for like like a minute i don't like yeah dog
lone motimedi : very nice and great graphics
casey brown : great game played it for a long time just re downloaded
sameer node : best game always ubisoft entertainment very good job
sukhvir singh : this a very good games for bike by ubisoft , plz release watch dogs or watch dogs 2 on mobile
bilal t. : really good game my friend recommended it to me and its just one of the best mobile games i ever played
matt koop : every time i get a new phone this is the first thing i download. this game is awesome!!!!
a google user : best game ever if only their other gamez on switch was free **cough cough trials rising cough cough**
a google user : this game is amazing and graphics are clean
eric johnson : played awhile and left came back and its still awesome
cha wezi : good game and great graphics
eugene van rhyn : very good and its keeping u busy and time fly fast
ty jennings : awesome game. always come back to it when i'm bored.
astik singh : this game is based on physics and wonderful game
abhinav t : wow amazing.good job ubisoft.i love your vibration effect in the game,its really amazing
kyle guillot : this game is like nothing i've ever played before this game is great and i want to say to the creators of this game that they are awesome
subham mitra : awesome game.. need patience to complete
meme boi : best biking/racing game for andriod/apple ever
mitchell toms : great game! it is still as good as when i had it on my old phone!
dale melton : love the game and the moon game is fun to play!
matt hibbard : awesome game, love it on xbox too
a google user : i like this fun and funny thrill white boy game ,rockstar
shahriar mahmud : learn physics with fun!!!!
random nick : very fun it's one problem tho it's to addictive
victor alvizo : its a good game to play when you're either bored or just overall want to play a really good game
sean braithwaite : really love it,more updates please.
mahtee ahmed : amazingg game! like most ubisoft games this game works on low end devices.
a google user : linked it with trials fusion got some cool stuff
technical sbm : this game that are experienced only and graphic is better and mowgli write the game
mithun mazumder : best physics racing game ever
maria chairein l chairein : this game was awesome and good graphic you all must try this game
keric : this game is so good in real life you can get more money in the game
raja haseeb : very instructive and some difficult
a google user : fun game i like how you can do different tricks
william karanja : boring. i just put 5 stars because i feel sorry that no one will like this game
michael cobbs : amazing grahics but controls need work
mubin islam : boom awsum. try if u can balance your moves,
a google user : best motorcycle game i ever played it also has killer graphics
ed ward : i love this awesome game, i need to review it. . super!
sarge hagan 65 : i need to save and get it in my new haganwhite2009 acount because i loaded it in geogiagrace acount and my money's on the other acount can someone tell me how to transfer the money
luay ali : one of the most beautiful games in play store
imran ali : it's amazing graphics and fully paisa wasool
eliza whitney : pretty cool but gets littel boring after youv done all the missoins
a google user : good game graphics is cool
richard samsung : great game, highly recommend for some time wasting
a google user : it is awesome keep up with your good work
tilak kumar : ubisoft sucks in developing mobile game. we want rainbow six siege for android like area f2. please make r6s on android. u sued area f2 . make your own cqb game r6s on android. ubisoft should complete with other mobile game(pubg mobile) developers.
trigger yt : its a really good game, but sometimes it steals my gems
juliet portia leh : it is a wonderful game.i the game.you guys have done a great job on this
michael prather : 120 fps on razer phone 2 is great. fun game.
md saqibulla.007 : good game .wonderful graphics
asrit juunus : best game ever best gameplay best graphics
floyd ralls : good game. nice graphics
ijechukwu ozurumba : amazing challenges and magnificent gameplay
julian seager : awesome game..as good as the xbox version
a google user : good graphic and more addictive game nice when i'm free then i play this game all over nice game
akim cele : graphics are astonishing
allan jerome : a very nice physics based game
moeez ali : i love this game this game graphicis are super and crontroll are nice
volo34 gfx : now the game works, i had to figure out the problem by myself
retsnom ddo : trials more like try alls oh yeah good it be.
adam stanton : i love this game, have it on ps4 also.
a google user : nice game & nice graphics cool
cruzito 067 : i litterally play this game almost every day never gets boring
david minta : awesome games. best free hd i have played
pritam singh : nice game when it lands so the vibration is feels me very realistic
no u gay : this is a great game my friend was playing this game and i found it kinda good so i installed it and oh boy it's fun alright
a google user : it is a really cool game and maybe u feel bad,this game will make u feel gud
mohammad arif khan : i love to play trials frontier it's amazing
abyssaldusty : nice game i found it thanks to trials fusion
a google user : it's nice and it's graphic is also good
dony gomes : nice game.. good graphics..
mr surhio : nice game i realy like this game because its have very nice graphics
bradox lain : please the use of internet is too much but the game is good
steven roesler : it's a fun game very challenging
cody prock : fun both online and offline dawg ...i digs it
blueberry gaming : its pretty good and its challenging
gene james : heard it was a good bike racing game so i'm trying it out
mukesh saraswat : it is very good i love bikes specially mantis and tango
carel godson : an amazing game definately a worthy download.
tayyab haseeb : nice game but for upgrading it want internet
stany supriyo : mind blowing graphics and experience a new world
pintu banerjee : nice game but it's need improvement overall nice game
a google user : cool graphics best game for me thanks for making the game
jason anderson : fun right away, if you have some real-world experience
justin pace : pretty awesome just wished you moved up quicker
swordsman baby : it's mad by ubisoft, that means the game is good.
loveme donthateme : love this game its so fun to play. i forget that got things to do lol
n i h a a l : i love this game because it is very interesting and the stunts was awesome
jason gutierrez : fun love the xbox version so had to get this
jana bolton : fun to play when on road
nathanil ajaa : this game is the best, fantastic and interesting game i have come across
romi sean : this game could be more better if we can txt or chat with game friends
jamie rutherford : i have messaged the facebook page numerous times abd never received a reply.
david essex : it's fine it's crazy but i enjoy it thank you
mattison thurlow : good just a game that runs a little better on wifi
sameh younis : good controls and a fun game
excel press : i love this game but some time i get losse balance
chancy syngkon : this game is the best i don't want to write so much that is why i didn't write to much great game!
jacques harford : best game of its kind and please let the producers know the red head
daniel rogers : when im board i just look at the app and just click and dive into a new world
livin down south : great game.. i like the new tracks
sk tanui : it has good graphics
rehmmey avery : i like this game because it is challenging and fun
natalia garcia : easy,and enjoyable
yolande-marie jansen van rensburg : it's been a family favorite for ages. great game!
david ward : very fun to play for hours
daniel walbrugh : this such a cool game. i cannot stop playing it.
gaurav dubey : very funny accedent and sound good ubisoft nice work
ravi kumar pro : it a very good games it is fun to play it 10 on 10 from me about otherss i dont know
a google user : this game is crazy good! i've had it for almost a year now 5 star everything!
zikko official : the game is good all is good and it is working well
robert texas : very addictive, love this game!!!!
septic gaming : great game exspeccialy that it has a story line
golfer:matthew southern : really super fun offroad harley davidson motorcycle game it's the best one out there.
a google user : i made cringe don't pay attention to this. great game!
martin webb : great fun game to wile away the hours
bowyn gillett : the game is so awesome the bikes look cool
neil manders : the game will not load at the moment please fix
balaji mandadi : need more game like this. good job
karuna ammu : superb game awesome graphics
a google user : very high graphics nice game tryy it
c : the best motorcycle game i played in my life very complete and entertaining
samara washington : i've played it before and it's still the best i even had it on xbox 360
jonathan overton : it's like trials on the xbox but with a story.
greg lee : i love the xbox version. this is awesome
pro-fresh : good old trials, loved it and still do!
c y b e r : i loved it very much nice graphic and i enjoy it too
a google user : superb game the best bike game i've ever played u know. guys keep it up u r doing great!
akhilvinayan : good game and graphics was awsome
nit ally : best bike racing game on android
ankur ankur : nice game just try this in pc gameplay
vj brunzy : love this game, originally played trials on the xbox when it first came out
shaswat singh : this is the best bike riding game that i played please update it thank you
raphael morgan : i like this game because me and my brother like playing it together
armaan chauhan : i did not played but graphics are better
mars vacuum : why does it have to load every week? it's been 5 days and it's still % 87
keala smith : i guess it's the best trials game on android right now
lochana amarasinghe : good amazing but bulding cost is high
arthur wright : trials has always been an amazing game
kyle merrick : the bunker is now broken . and the midnight has been broken for over a year .pls fix
christty joseph : it is good and nice this game gets many restrated in this game but hey this ubisoft game is good see ya
nkosinathi leon dhlamini : i really love this game, and it runs smoothly too!
aashish kumar : brilliant game and very fun to play
hemant kumar : best and relaxing game on play store
haseerkhan. shersha : super stent and tricks
srinivas gudiseva : the game is good but i want new characters
shenik cato : i think the game is awesome,cool,sick!!
mr bullet hoover : it's a awesome game i would say 25 out of ten
abhay sukhija : its just awesome to pass time
star wars dog : uganda knuckles is the best meme remember that but this game is fun it's cool nice
yes it's suyash : not so good but i want to give 5 star to this game because my child love it
slime ball the 10nth : graphics are good
a google user : ubisoft good now you update a new version of trails forntier
joe ngugi : the best game ever made year and it's westlife
maguire blue : i love the way the guy dies and i love the graphics
sonne z. : very fun game especially since i love dirtbike riding
juicebean 101 : reminds me of hill climber 2 but so much better
a google user : i like this game so much and this is the great one by ubisoft. i like to play like this game
a google user : very fun game i like it a lot i used to play it when i was 4
shavon hall : awsome game just one major problem y do we have to wait for gas
kenneth martz : best froniter trailer ever been love it n nonstoppable till u wins:)lv it!
terry dwyer : just love this game from xbox to tablet,amazing
gavin martin : good physics based game
stayc. pain : i think this game is the best of all time.my dad always plays this game.
joe carpenter : luv it great only thing is i'm stuck on one of the ghost trials
muhammed hisham : better graphics better gameplay and i can login to my google account
ivan gomez : this game is awesome if have nothing to do. and it's noice
nigel taylor : one of the best bike game's i've played. big map aswell
joan murray : nice day to go riding heaps of fun awesome
vasquez beardoracci : can't compare with the pc version because i haven't played those
vengadeshwar v : awesome graphics games
car fashion mangalore 9008820388 : the best game ever thanks for making this game thank you ubisoft.
moudar saab : i had so much fun playing this game... good job guys!!!
l a n e : challenging but fun
diwas majhi : fantastic great gameplay great concept addictive
vijay nath verma : better graphics then others
madara ff : this game is base by a motor bike i love this game so much
jurassic marc : stopped playing my playstation to play this mobile game.
anime dragongod : one of the best bike racing games out there
preetha b : is very beautiful game nice sound quality time killer
mason lant : it's funny and very awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
muhammad azhar : i love this game because there no add between the game
kamal kamal : awesome never played this kind of game and also my favourite season"harley davidson
a google user : tooo good game u need too advertising ittt more
praneeth k : nice game nice graphics
seth fortune : i have no words for this games its soooo great.i really love it
bryan hillion : badass! killz time and is fun as duck
adarsh k shaji : it's really good game . it's a real fentastic game to play
eliezer maldonado : great game and i like the challenge
cherry byrne : amazing they should do a free mode
malik zaal : huge fan since i've been playing it on xbox definitely addicted
zihad billah : it's pretty easy to play
kirush gaming : i played this game 8 years my childwood favorite is this only
veronica facey : 10 words... its the best bike racing game ever!!! i love this!!! 10/10.
gun skull pro the new one : love the game but it needs custom mods
yashoda rao : very nice game plz..download for timepass
ay3020 : fun to play and never gets bort
how2troll : i like it cuz its fun and i like motorcycle game this game is the best motorcyle game for me!!!
a google user : nice game and graphics
brandon hoolihan : have played this game for years and still love it
imsomewhatofagamer imbigbrain : it's such a fun game recommend playing when bored
payman mohammadian : new update has the bug please fix it
bry allgood : awesome game in a store of unawesome games
a google user : i love this game it's amazing because it's fun ass
damian moe : this is so cool the rag doll affects are awesome
kewlgamingsp : dope pretty cool graphics
bad ideas incorporated : i'm not gonna lie the little squirrel that's says please rate is really cute so here we be.
kanhaiya srivastava : this is so good game........ i have also download this game in my every mobile phone.....
miskeen khan : i like it becuse it have many funtastic maps and good biks its best game
vitto austria : i love motorcycle games and this is a good game
moaner boner : one of my most favorite games for android--ever!! (=
waquar mohsin : this game is awesome. i'm very badly addicted to this game.
muhammad zaki rameli : super addictive, ive been with this game for almost 5 years now
mana lawson : the reason i giving yous a 5 star rating is i like the games is really awesome
teddy bear : this game is so fun and addicting i love it
a google user : i really like this kind of games.. great!
aviv joji : it is a wonderful game.the best dirt bike game ever!!
godwin onyebuchi : omg love this game good graphics so amazing
dalton beaver : good story and fun gameplay
scott smith : fun mobile version of trials
kanhaiya jatiya : mind blowing graphics this game is awesome
travis vigil : most entertaining motorcycle game i've played on my phone
petsokiller juju : i love this app so much give thanks nicely to the person who created this app
mirio togata : graphics are insane!
vijay kushwaha 36 : awesome but sometimes not working well
a google user : i have trials rising and i really want the trials rising outfit for free
angel girl : excellent and tons of fun!
amanda dunn : this game is awesome download it!!! i love it!!!!!!
omkar salunkhe : this game is best i am uploading this game gameplay video i love this game please spot me
all 4 memes : best bike game i've ever played, and i've played quite a few!
gaming with aarav rajput : best game forever i have seen in bike game this game is better than moto gp t, ,
googleman81 : pretty good. there's a hamster in a suit.
dhanashri thube : awesome very exciting levels loved it
a google user : we can experience the best price for the first time
a google user : no word just love it!
judith ojo : best game ever to play i know some of you may
wasp : i love this game but for some reason it kicked me out and said i was hacking
brandon murrdog murray : i really like this game ,it's so addicting.
regina mondzinger : thanks for the game is 5page the game of trials frontier
a google user : nice ,the best bike racer game in the world
deepanshu rajput : good for playing with international player
sankara rao grandhi : ubisoft always create something new.best game
chief ed : awesome game. two thumbs up.
eng20ec0042_krishnakumar g : good game but there is lots of add whuch is distrubing me...
levi taylor : its really great everything works fine
twistedweeds : best bike game on a mobile device
thakur harsh : ossssm experience i really enjoy while playing this game......
kyle lobato : very good bike racing game
abdul samad bhatti : thid is the best game i ever played in my life thanks ubisoft
ishika jain : this is very nice game download kara app
ollie haywood : great game to do if you are bored
zarif irfan : i appreciate this game very much. i hoping for it's part 2
a google user : very bad game very stupid and idiotic game i have ever played . once i get the maker of this game , i will slap him 0
immortal streak : nice one good graphics
shaun daley : love it one of the best games on the market
christian miley : cool game the grafikesar good
brittany sheeran : this game is super addictive, love it :)
deepak deepu : i. have already played in my i pad it is a fantastic game
the gamer : the best racing game ever!!!!
arman bacus : i like it very much thank you for this amazing game play
lucus cray : this is similar to trials rising and i love it!
lay sokchea : great game it fun for playing so fresh
cody graika : i have conquered almost i am stuck on the alien level
md akram : your best game
sal : i don't know why but on my phone i can't rotate and at the same time
michael welker : good fun fun game really love it
devin ortiz torres : had this game for years and still love it!
ibrahim adamu : it is the most fun and exciting game that i have ever played
shivani talakondla : i been super exciting when i am playing this it is extraordinary
adrian setiawan : the best bike game on android!!!
tony mcmillan : yeah almost as good as xbox version
a google user : sooper fun i am excited to play it bye bye.
all about aadi choudhary : best game ever the graphics are good
hank gaming : it is the best moter cross game
trippe_ drops : i think this games is the most fun mobile game
lwandle khumalo : it's a pretty good game.its fun and addictive
satya sundar : very nice game . and i fill very happy
lorde geofferson m. tungala : i love this game forever can i give you 5stars hahaha
deep sat : keeps me intrested always coming back to it
aakash singha : it's great game to have on in low size.
boogyman boogyman : its not that much good but itis enjoyeble
indian gamer : it's awesome better than pubg
kolt busby : this game is old but yall still try to make it a good game..........thanks for such a good game
brian thornstrom : great game. love ubisoft
guilherme delfino : one of the best games for mobile!
john carta : it is good but always ask you to update
arghyadip roy : it's the best stunt bike game that i have ever played
st pe : i love this game nice graphic
a google user : this game is excellent you should try in your phone's
safety doggo23 : great game wish you could race online
wugii 14 : cool but items are so rare
michael delaney : real cool and exciting to play
jason herbst : simply, a blast.
bhuiyan atik : i think this is the best game of bike rider
anouar boukhatem : god gameplay and graphics and control
avinash revanna : fantastic game ..every 1 should download this game
kojo asiedu : this is a very nice game. i really like the speed.
a google user : its very nice. game very time pass
jose luis : the best game the aver play, i love this game.
steven gordon : very fun and addicting
alexanto97 : nice game,neat and clean but the dialogues b/w the game sucks
blackk swann : i love it no hate great game i will support
christopher schlappie : fun and challenging
kid wood : still so sick after all these years
warrior's entertainment : good graphic game
shane hill : good game easy to master
shenuk rashmika : i was play this game in my i pod touch and this is a great game ever
savo todorovic : it might be abounded but its still the best game ever
eli bosley : awesome game!! try it out for yourself!!!
shadowtailed saiyan : i love it ive played it since i was a little kid
james-duncan danzi : good, am excited and enjoying the game
kamal sharma : nice app for time pass only
russell duckett : very awesome game when your bored
doki : overall really good game. recommend it! ()
zay zayn : my childhood game always been and forever will be epic
raju goyal : fantastic game but vahical cantrol is bad
a google user : it's the best bike game which i played ever. it's really nice
vedant sawant : the best game for my little brother!
stephen dean : this is a pretty cool game i enjoy messing with it
sheree vere : good but i don't like how you have to wait for your fuel when it's done .
david chinedum : i really love this game
wtf car : i finished the game, i miss playing it
renuka parmar tutorials : i love this game very much.... it's truly good game....
ismail imam : this game is so pissing but it is still so addictive
siddharth mishra : love the graphics
kenneth hough : most fun and addictive game ever
alastair bridges : great fun. seriously adictive.
christina bennett : this is a fun and challenging game
jahn fahler : love all the trials games.
a google user : good game. love the levels
bhargav ram # 007 : nicely done at 1 st and support ed to feel boarness
sameer ansari : this game is fabulous and if you play this game you think i am in heaven
vinod kumar : good game but some lag my phone is vivi z1pro
richard kenneth dizon : i cant purchase the daily bundle
adnan mughalssp : super excited and latest app
ashtin major : i miss this game classic
julian b : online working again
mo osburn : best mobile game out there
akram hegazy : cool game i really like it
kekana xolile : this game brought life to me and is dedicated to harley davidson
bastero bwoy : the game is amazing
yvonne piernik : i played this game when i was 4
martha asutani : i am a good player and i like this awesome game so please download this game
eugene van rhyn : were cool and makes time fly
tim mckaughan : best damn motorcylcle game for your phone!
carter cromwell : awesome game playing it all the time live it yum
tyler oberrender : love ubisoft had to try and now addicted
mamun ahmed : it would have been nice if the game was much more beautiful.
rk srivastav : best of all the bike games
jane cruze : this game is amazing and the grapihics are amazing
trey mwansa : its a very fine game i love it a lot
reema singh : very good bike racing game
asif hussain : very good game i recommend it to everyone
travis becker : love it just like i remember back in that day...
billy oppong : this is a very wonderful game i really appreciate this app
saraswathi prajval : ideotic i have rated because this game worker is my friend its really not nice it just hangs like ahell
ruthra ruthra : this is very funny game
jonathan terneus : i've always enjoyed games like this.
rich mattson : one of the best mobile games i've played.
koppo gaming : good game excellent game play great one i found (adipoli)
colton beck : it's the next frontier with dirt bikes
reginaldo castro lagarda : great motorcycle game try it!!
amal k abraham : very good app, must try it !!!
wheezy141 w : they need to make this for xbox n for ps this game is so fire
uma ravi : nice story and interesting game
a google user : very very nice game from india
don bang : this is a great game. challenging
sukdev khan : i have been working in a way that i would be happy when we were in a way that we were able to make sure to check out our new address is no way i would be happy
charlie williams : it's absolutely amazing! best game i have ever played.
daniel gutierrez : it's a fun game but i lost my account
rene oosthuizen : i think you should put in some ghost rider powers and mabe make some other powers and put in a way to fall in love with your character and maybe put in a way to change your gender hope this helps
rex : this game is awesome and makes my day.
alloh nkefor rodrick : the best bike game on android
a google user : my experience in this game has been amazing this game is so fun
mahendra varma : my favorite game super but it is a net game
brian j kiely : fantastic all-around!
rs goku : nice game i love ubisoft games and played all your games
a google user : this game is my favorite game, the world best game!
scott miller : me & my son love playing together,thanks
jacobs gesin jacobs : love this game, cool and fun
matt suslaev : it is an amazing game great work.
odogg akins : keep the good work i love it
ernesto hernandez : super cool game p legit and entertaining
zakaria chajia : good game! that all i have to say9
mace : this game is good and you could become god at some point
lord valke : amazing game lots of fun
tonio : its really a great all around game
a google user : it is very good or special app
siddharth malpe : best ever racing game yet
abdou cry : nice for a racing game
internet fbi : wow!!it's really a trials frontier
tanishq : a very nice game though a hard one
jonathan rodriguez : amazing i have a lot of fun
kareem tarek : ubisoft stunning as always
philip arnold : i love this game.very challenging
anal jose : i didnt play not yet but i am surprised&frighetened its not downloading
a google user : a nice game i can play this all day
a google user : vary easy game boy's
mg : i had to much fun playing this game
kogen petersen : very good and fun game
fireo 2 v : good game addme on cod mobile as daggerk1d
said athuman : i want to continue with this game
dean carmichael : it is the best game that i have ever played
ravi bhushan : worst game the stunt were easy
shxtlord69 lazetera : really good game do recomend
nathaneal lyngdoh : nice cool games .
zeeka 223 : it is very much fun.
elias ziwa : i like this game oh yh try out guys
joshua gardner : love this game.
brendan luke : your game is awesome
cl kairan : so adventurous and its so good to play
amin bhagwani : one of the best bike games.
sayoon kumaresan : it's my fav childhood game i would play this with my neighbour jeevan i think so???
batista scott : great game fun and addicting
prashant bage : this is addicted.. i love this life sucking.. game..
glen simpson : good n exciting to play for fun
cristian grigorasenco : great game, had a lot of fun !
a google user : the best bike game in the world.
justdavelol : i must say beautiful graphics
kabloc vacavoa : downloading for ever.... i can't play any more...
a google user : awesome nice brilliant fantastic excellent mind blowing game for me rohit ronaldo
ganga dharan : this is a great racing game i like this
ben litke : awesome game always enjoying playing it
matthew baslow : cool game, just started playing.
yaar badmash : good morning i have to go get my car from yours and you
jing angela clet : i've been playing this for years now. the best.
john rozario : as yet that the information you need to be a good idea to advertise the same time. uk universities yucky the cc fifth unhappy with the him jury duty to promote the same time. i have to be the first time in the uk. i have to be the first time in the uk. i use it. iu $100000000$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@#####!
mikeal mccormick : it was great so farr
ayan kangsabanik : very addictive game .
imrana sidi : the game is superb. thumbs up!
devil : nice game you should try brother
ivan the gamer : very good game. you should try this game
alvin kesuma : game from the past, i like it a lot
shahana akter : pls ubisoft help me i lost all my data but i was signed in in my account....i need that account back
user : i love this game and it's fun
roshini ni : i think trials fusion is greater but its okay
m. ranjith : enjoy this game best entertainment
lulu chute : great game to kill time
m.gowshika sri m.gowshika sri : nice game to play with it.....
ismail lashari : very nice game & i like it any day i am playing this.
narendra singh : is the best stunt game in india
a google user : wow! what an incredible experience
odogg akins : this game is so fun try it out you won't be disappointed
toasty267 : game good. cave johnson, we're done here.
rhythmatics : for a free game this is quite good.
devin aragon : it is going to be the best game ever made it make me happy
linda snyder : almost as fun as the first trials..
eric boyd : excellent game to try to master
naresh 760 : wow what a graphics!!!!!!!!
jhumur howlader : very cool game every one try these game
janaka ranasinghe : it is a super trail game
a google user : nice game this game liking guys all of play this game so nice and all like me
marlone kitsao : awsome game runs well on most devices
matt airey : fun anytime i want to play
the black beast-2003 : best motor racing game!!!
ben digby : this is the best game by far sbd i highly recommend!!!!..
james mcguinness : the game is well sick and the game is amzing u have to dowlowd this game!
skullking 321 : noice.i have played this game since i was a child
samwel mollel : how do i get a new bike?...the new bike required...how do i get it while there is only one in the garage..
arshman siddiqui : your game is very awesome i love it
anam clasher : game is fun and addictive
warriors gaming : i like this game its graphics is so good
a google user : this game is awesome good job
goldy patial : very nice game .it's amazing game.
pareed v a : amazing game.the game is soo entertaining
a google user : best game so far for a phone
het patel : great game! never feel bored playing it!
artdemochannel : hey, support, it possible to find that epic musical theme?
kartik tiwari : loved it man great game.
amit michael : this is awesome game i love it very much
saif walid khaled : this is indeed the coolest game for me!!!!
omar bagramwal : a good game i love this and play this its abestvrider game
rani singh : best game but not updating fasality in this game
vaibhav thakur : wonderful game. i enjoy very much this game
ron haney : best game in it's class
firoz jewel : i dislike ubisoft but the game is nice
mister biggz : cool game so far as i go on i will let you know more
a google user : i luv it my son can play
a google user : most addictive game i've ever played
dylan billa : loved this game for a long time
giridhar chandran : one of the most crazyyy game i've been playing nowadays!!!!
nipun mihisara : its awesome game. i loved it
jordan : so good no bugs best game ever
shrehan gamer : nice game super action and etc... is super
brock chappelle : love this game super fun!! :)
a google user : good game very nice thanks for game this is very good game
a google user : i absolutely loved it!
isaiah johnson : this game is lit an should go to xbox
swathi iyer : wow.. too awesome . love this game
mohamed mahmoud : good graghic and good control
michael rigdon : love it helps pass time
kapil pal : his was very nice game and mind fresh
coltin jett : this is like motoheroz best game ever
dev saini : this is a best game for bikers and harley davidson fans.i am also a harley davidson fan .
dale ramage : the bed was extremely uncomfortable harley gordon
steve gull : easy to play
soniya bayalkoti : good game for time pass!!!
chris serrano : i play it last year but it is good
a google user : it is very fun for sure
exiquel dante : it's a great great game ever amazing
karen hammer : better then any other bike game out
david twining : pretty good game liking the hell at it
clement moono : this is the best mobile game i have evr played
emil a : this game is really fun idk y people say this game is bad
shrikant powar : mind-blowing, very nice game
ashok kumar : animatoin is the best
krish karati : nice game, i hope it will have a update
a.koley a.koley : trials frontier is best game
jahanara akter : a very good game so it is worth 5 star
kalpana madke : really like this game love you unisoft
jeff moore : very fun challenging game
shanon honrejas : so amazing every one download this game
e : very excellently made game.
gevan mutuma : the best game and simple
sonal modi : very good. i have never played a such game
sadigou diaby : best motorcycle game i have ever played
jermaine curry : haven't had this much fun in a while.
mrtrasionalexander : can't log in via my facebook though
jovan ramos : i appreciate all the hard work you put into this
wakas ali : i love this game .it fun to play.
sandeep baidya : this is a good game for time pass
lester paul avelino : very nice game!! 2 thumbs up
hasnain abro : this.game is amazing it have amazing features
kinnae lindeque : this game is a very well developed game
nolan atwell : the best mobile i have ever found
anya deepali garg : really good. best bike game
s l u m p e d k i d d : i love this game it's better than any other i've played
jasskaur grewal : omg this game is suppap.... its amazing game ...............................,...,....,.........
exotic king : this game is really fun
tabbatha michaud : i love it it was fun
thespeedy123 : i love this game is super pure fun
ashish jaiswal : this is very excellent game
deepika mokkarala : really good game keep it up
sharifa gugu : this game is so awesome to play
tsar : so cool and fun 2 playing
maria malave : this is the funes game every
nobody : super game love to play this
tessa richardson : love these games cant get enongh of them
a google user : if i had to play only one game this would be it
satyam badhupulu : very good game about raceing
ralph carlo soria : awesome games i love it!
imran kazmi : the game is very fun
a google user : trials series is getting better nd better since the original trials hd on the 360
miad milad : good game and best gameplaye
tiaan kriek : has been one of my fav game now for years ..
im bored of home i want to go school : i love ubisoft it is marvalous i have all hungry games
salimrahimabad 1970 : this is a very good game wow
pieter conradie : its the amazing bike game i ever played
sudhanshu kumar : very good condition with this game
rittika mondal : can't find out any word to express how i am satisfied by this game.awesome
md rahi : bick game is very interesting
magda slimak : astonishing incredible best game ever
a google user : the vibration is a good thing to do in the game
vishal tiwari : this game is really nice i loving it
carl edem : good game by all standards
lonny chaney : awesome game addictive!
bapurao mane : i like this game very much ...........
a google user : great game.fantastic to be true.
tech info : very nice game and i like it
a google user : it's game is very joyful
manu mithran mithran : i love this game and i love the bike stunt game!
purplecg66 : this is my favourite game when i was 5
ladonna stacey : i love this game to the moon and back
shiji philip : amazing game.. i love this game
evans : i really love your game trials frontier
a google user : what i say about this game this is amazing
babli babli : vishal and very good to game and very much more than that
truescotsmancs : trials is brilliant!
vallappa kumar : amazing game. try it out.
arthur pendragon : recommended to all bike lovers
j austin : one of my favorite games to play on my phone
e-ein asri : best of the best.. good job guys..
a google user : i think it's pretty good it's not bad it's and
fianso : woow awesome game on play store
shaheel khandelwal : nice game ever :) osm gaming experience.
bijender berwal : easyeverything is easy
sohail khan : this game is too good frnds
christian mariles : the experiance was grate fun game
scott yardley : awesome game, period!
noufal ck : it is very nice to play and i love it
rajput rajput : avhsome game wonder full i like this game very much
azariah purvis : it's actually pretty fun
viraj tadvi : nyc but not working
fredg.b.l : nice ass game thats all i can say
derek jett : great game fun and exciting
a google user : addictive.... love this game
iderzian : one of my favorite phone games
a google user : best game in the world i love it
masaia4life : this is a really goodngame frfr
minesh pingle : this is very good game 2020
lawranc motii : smooth and cool
vikrant bansode : good grahics and story is good
a google user : i love this game it's awesome
gamer 2.0 : i like ubisoft games but i have no pc and laptop please give me pc or laptop
michael baker : love this game very fun
cobra yt : best game of bike race
djejshj shsih : awsome game soo much fun
sarika pawar : best game i've ever played...nailed it.
a google user : i love this game's story
william helt : awsome..... the download wont start
william bage : i feel i am riding the bike..
sarfaraz khan : amazing and addictive
a google user : this game is very good i like this game
palukuri hanoku : nice feel n graphy
tristen mccoy : its an amazing i love it
nozi : it's fun you should try it!
samiran gogoi : nice game and so fun
james bees : awesome download i love it
darlyn castillo : this is a best game to play.
akhilesh s : this game is nice to play
devil gaming : good game i am giving five stars for this. are va....
a google user : best game played in years
a google user : i think it good and addicting
savo : best game ever thanks ubisoft
yunikplayz : nice game i liked this game so much
alex rodriguez : can't wait for more updates
madhu bala : i have never played game like this its awsome
travis wright : awesome game.....i love it.
mustang game changer : very nice and good village
pardip basfore : this game is best but change the nitro
abhi bhuva : best but take lot of update
ajinkya zinje : this game is excellent to playing
dilip yadav : best game in the world
pradeep srimantha : wow this is very funny
sachin badyal : this game is very intersting
fun for you mhbr : this game is awesome. and good
a google user : amazing game that in never see
david adams : sweeeeet but annoying
muhammad ali huraira : my first ubisoft andriod game. great game
afsal shah m.n : superb game ubisoft and can you make assasin creed for android
a google user : is the best game ever played awsome
eternaldragon : i played this game for 3 years.good
manish dubey : it's really a good timepass
ali humsafar : plzzzzz updet more amizing levals and letes things
sougata roy : it is a nice bike game
rishu kumar : ?.............. .. . ...........juju and code dance music video games in two years of experience and code dance music 9month the day happy birthdays and code d printing and code d printer is not a good time and i have a good day happy birthdays and code d printing and code d printer is not a good day happy birthdays and code dance music video games in two days of nearly a year ago i have to you can do it was not call me in two days of nearly a year ago i have to you can do it was not call m
ahmad nasrul qohar izzuna : this game can be the best of bad game
dog cheata : it's very very..............fantastic game
paul 87 : good way to pass the time
priscilla jenkins : this game is awesome to be a backflip bmx
vikram bairagi : best graphics good effort
heroboigamer 47 : cool game ever download this game
a google user : this game is funny
anamool raaut : very nice game i love it
jmotes6 : i love this game bc it has action
laurynas kudakas : nice game very precise
a google user : this game is fun and awsome
a google user : evering is well but not download
a google user : so nice to play this game
w baloch : best game played after a while
monika avhad : this game is both hard
tupapinosleeves g : by far the best freaking game out there!!!
j smith : love it on xbox and this app
consolata njoki : is like a real race i love it.
jordan thayer : game is pretty fun
bishal pradhan : i love thish game,its awesome
mohammed - bs : best game i've played since 2016
k1ngs bl3nd : trials rules! no mustard on my bike!
devil gaming yt : nice game is at my house in
devils of youtube : wwooooooiiooooooooooo what the appppppppp is this i love to play this game
santosh thanekar : wonderful game i love it
a google user : the best game in the world and
dasari narayana : this game is very good day at school today so i'm going back to sleep in my room is so true i guess i will be there at the same time as you are so cute i like to be there at the same time as you
gd toxicbird : i'm play on my old phone and now on my new phone
elmien van reenen : it's an awesome game
anjayya chodavarapu : good enough interesting nice game
arishet mishra : this game is very nice
julia metcalfe : best game ever! reccomend playing
tyshanio tyrone russell : its a cool game didnt see myself go this far
a google user : it's a very amazing game
violeta garalde : this is extereme sttunning l love this thing
don cottrell : best mobile game out there
john shade : funny game to play
conner mcalpine : good for relaxing
jason coover : so just as i remembered fun
ememem gaming : my favorite game of all time
lupe awx : this game kept disconnecting from ubisoft
minhaj rashad : this game is very nice and i like it
nithiya kumar n.g : over all i love this game
sameer kr. singh 10th a : this is very nice game
sandile mphahlele : this game is awesome!!!.....
aaron hansen : i play trials all the time..
a google user : best motocross game i played
dareal sheem : great games love it
a google user : it's a really fun game
vivian rivera : i love all the bikes
subash sanitha5050 : fantastic game ever played
a google user : this game is so good i love it
chinthaka gunawardana : the good bike game i ever played
danger zone : the ubisoft account does not work!
jamison hickman : great game very fun
ilona ponyatyshyn : it's cool but why does the guy die at the end
frank whiteman : cool game awesome.
mick : good as it gets.and its free.
tian nel : fun and addictive
thien phan : i think , you add mode editer on this game!
rakhi kumari das : this game is very easily
quintin smith : i played the first trials game but never this one
manjunath .y.j : hi this game is very much nice
1ds19ml027 ranjan c.k : bro its epic no. bro which game bro. traials frontier
timothy sullivan : really fun game
ryan turner : this is the greatest game i have ever played;)
tamilkudil ravindranath : super app you have download this
kal shadow : one question, is tango bike exists in real life?
frosty gaming : the best glad i downloaded it
treasure adams : it a good game to play
durga prasad hembram : the game is very nice
roman villa : played this game for years!!!!!
muhammad imran : fun and addicting
a google user : cool and amazing game
dream boy : very hot game love it
{md irshad ali} : it is really good game i am very enjoying in this game
atakiti abraham : wow... the game is so awesome
a google user : the best game of the world
gacha girl 92 : the best bike game ever
ben jacobsen : love the trial series
sheila koyen : the best riding game i have played
l2 army - learn to lead : it is very intresting
david dean : i would love to play harley davidson games
brennen chavez : love this game!!!!!
tamil status : don't install this game this hang on mobile
tariq zia : awesome experience with this game
motu patlu : perfect bike adventure
harnoor chona : the best bike game for me!
fern sola : good game. expensive...
kristopher kincheloe : it is best the game ever
a google user : very very nice and super wow
a google user : trials frontier is a super game
lily j : this is a awesome game
ia cunanan : guys try this this is so fun
a google user : lol game much entertainment for us
steven adamowski : love it so much!
cassandra jackson : such a cool game to play
clive : the first time in a long time i get to see you guys soon as i dont even know
nadeem ansari : nice game .my favourite game
kian jaluag : good experience for this game i have a cheat joke
a google user : i thing the game is so good
bradley de wild : the lag is real!!! plz fix that.
a google user : love it but little
nithish b : it is a superr game really is good game
dragonborn brawlstars : good work by ubisoft
shreemad burade : best game of racing
wqhj studios : big trials fan happy on android
bryce hourigan : this game is awesome
bonnie maartens : real good try it its great
hsoona bt : the best in this genre
franklin crosby : i would like to know why they hell did i get banned when i just switch devices
deep srao : best game stunting game i have played
strawberry tots pre school ernakulam : good game great control
zookster567 : it's a great time passer
lorenzo ebias : very nice game!
ali saleh : what a great game......... lt has all
nat lucatero : this is the best game in the world
sumith pradeep : loving every bit of it!
priyanka ranjani : very fantastic game
las. art3mist : this is real ! i loved it !
bobbycs : best bike game in playstore
dexter boy gamer : great and amazing game
achu ajith : help full and nice
a google user : very good and fun
a google user : this game is excellent
125-eltimash siam : very good and nice games
jundo alm : very nice game!!!!
ali. fatahi : ohhhh my god this game very good
arnaz nawi : it's fun to play
shashank kumar : very good fire game
willy woitas : play since the begun. its a livestyle now. cheers
joe taylor : it's great and fun.
ms.brandy lynn knight : love this game!
sean fernandez : love this game!
satish kumar : this game is very good
riley freeman : this game is amazing
santanu mukherjee : it's a really very good game
uttkarsh gupta : this game is very good
arshiya skandari : idont know maby this is best game in conyry no. this is best game in the world
itsy aleck : reminds me of an old game
gurpreet gopi : this is my favourite game.
a google user : thanks god this is super game and cool and carzy
nolan jr goodall : it is a very cool game
ashley layton : so amazing i love the story
allison bragg : the best trials game ever
gacha migz spryxen : you can now tricks in this game
sushila debi lodha : i just loved this game...........
mana lawson : i like this game is cool as
yaman meena : please why you are giving us energy please remove that energ mens fule tank
a google user : slow but good
bear grizz : cant stop playing
kabir kumar : this game is very enterest
kuntanaah kofi : is one of my favorite game now
priyansh garg : cool game bro i like it
dhanush cb shoba : it nice game for me for you
sangita harde : very very nice game
daim hazire : good to hear about your experiences
leon groenendaal : love this game awesome
joy kormoker : its a awesome game
game over : game takes back me to my college days
ninja gaming : it is very good but not nice
andrew kirkpatrick : awesome very addictive
vikramjeet singh : very good game 10 stars for my
a google user : this game is awesome
ani rios : this is the sickest game i've ever played!!!
a google user : this is very vv good game
a google user : this game is very nice
shane rey dumpa : wow i see nice and good games
amal jose : not yet perfect still
srinu podilapu srinu : game is exlent super super best game
jeff vasquez : best motorcycle game
rian margaret pamatmat : i like this game soo much
dylan rodriguez : its an awesome game
birendra singh rawat : this he was amezing game so please download this game
gaven clarke : love this game
lutmir halili : the best play in the world
shivakant soni : this is awesome game
sherry cam : i love this game lot
sushma kumari : this game is awesome
menna elshhawy : so cool and then you have to do is
jagu durga sheshu : super game and i love this game
deepak kumar : it is very nice game
rich ducharme : love this game
jt mckay : it's a really good game
nisha the show kumari : thanks to inventn this game
mercy njoki : it is the best game i have ever played
noah ayomide : awesome app!!!!!! try this game
guri sohi : very good game i love you
sundu tesco : best . racing . game
kamal thakur : such a big fan of this game.
dotto mpazi : thanky you're trials frontier game minded and you're try over
shadab ashraf : online racing should be introduced..
raykell rahming : make a basketball and football game
j mills : this game is so fun
sahil badhan : nice game i like this game
akshat agarwal the musical life : it is a very nice game
a google user : this is almost wonderful game
izzul firas sahri : i like this game concept
dinkar ingale : it is very good game
mr. unknown : it is a very nice game...
wafeek sadek : the best game in the world
tschwag : why will the update not download
zeinab najjar : she's a very nice game
nef man : top game. dope game
chaiti sarkar : the game was very nice
andres roses : great game, so far
getassist edmonton : i really like this game
sithurock94 : good game wait for 2
ian vdv : great little game
a google user : the best game ever made
kivi da mighty : just a ubi's game expectedly good
henery eldridge : love it great game
jonah robinson : it's a bit more about races
pixle gamer10 : it is the best game i ever play
saad qadir : best game playable
lokesh kumar : very much exciting game
vidya venu : good game its on point
janus : this game is awesome!
harry hillman : best game out there!!
a google user : killin time to the best !!!
nicholas flakker : like the games because.
a google user : wow what a fun game
de-graft pagasty : i really love the app
kimberly brummitt : the experience is amazing
yahya almadridi : the game is enjoyble
krisna aditya : i love this games.....
madhavan madhu : superb game for boys
anthony watson : been playing since miniclip
donovan leach : its been pretty cool so far yeah
jaymanan sonpal : super cute and osm game to me
taqi rizvi : for some reason i got banned for violation of eula rules i violated none please help oh cool game by the way
bedlamite : good clean and wholesome
lpeavs21 : the best game ever
jason phillips : awesome game loved it
norazurahjalil norazurahjalil : can i have a lots of fuel tanks
bilguun bg : i love this game
oudom yontoplay : so good i have ktm 450 bmw800 all moto omg so cool
a google user : i really love this game
harley smith : the game is so cool
stuart sedgwick : awesome and fun
a google user : best racing game
kenneth hough : it is super fun
badak keren : love this game.
purnima devi : it's best ever and ever
kaushal jaini : hi cool cool bro this game
monster 420 : its good adventurous game
a google user : make a setting to make your own race track
a google user : i thinks that it is a good game
tyrel cotton : best game i've played in a while
mohsin khan : nice game good game well game time pass game
woody jonson yt : i love this game so much
jason stamps : it's the best game that i have ever played
a google user : i think this is very good game
yousuf joorawon : i've had a blast playing this game.
epic gamingyt : i love this game
kamaji yadiah yadiah : ilike this game because played it before
hero yt : this game is so nice i this
a google user : this game is awsome!
juan pablo arenas velez : the best way to wast your time
a google user : what a wonderful game
mr. durjoy : what a game! really..
rudraksh sengupta : i had played this game 5 years ago lmao
shoyab mansuri : please friends download it this game is made for real racer......
house of god ministry : love this western game
chinmoy chakraborty : a very nice game
aman rajpoot : it is realy good game
josh brock : love this game
filip svob : best trials game ever
m khan : nice game very good
the comedy store : i really like this game its so osm?osm
jodie : great game umm plese give update
toni audiozone : i think the game is cool?
a google user : it is good. i love it.
luiz fx : very nice game
a google user : it is actually fun.
rafael surillo : lots of fun
yug soni : i am very happy in this game
pahlo thomas : insane game!!...addictive too
shaamil abdula manafi : it's very well made
arizona keagamaan : it very intersting
alvarez lotsch : its good thats why i gave it five stars
ashir khan : it's a best game
sheikh umair : very nice game...
sathish kumar : super game is trials frontier
anthony elzy : i like the way you think, ..
syed amaan : best game ever played
a google user : nice game ive beated butch haha hes so fat
jaro marquez896 : wow this a cool game ever!!!
matthew masci : nice. still going after years
07-amar : good and classic
kiran das : i love this game
storm tiger 2 : i like this game so much
uf 07 : this is my favorite game
lekasha coakley : i love this game
gayathri d : super game ever played
syril shanti kj : wonderfull gaming experience
tasha t : it is a fun game
abdur shaffi : entry for the summer
hari shankar : pubg fail from this game
siya keketso : thanks for the update
mandinga zamvule : a lot of fun
anish thanks : nice very good games
a google user : super and amaze ing
a google user : very nice game
caleb cox : awesome andfun to play
hane hane : very good and bad
sanju sunar : we no free time andufvldgchdgxjxgxkbzzvxnxkshbzhzb
ikram mengal : bad and bad very bad
ician bilog : track this game is beutifull
ehtisham khan : very. nice. game
lalaine harriete : nice.. but!!! many update
troy denny : very nice game
python av gaming : not very good but ok
john bmj : fun and adventurous
indian poor gamer : what a superb game
jagdev singh : ghhfyhhhigfukghvdtu7tdvkogyitdy uy8ytuft7hhc gyi has a lot of good morning ji but it gyi and i am a good night to be a good man but i don't want to unlocked the right love you want
sreyas rajesh : best biking experience
a google user : im so impress in this game
tejpal singh : this game very good
just cheese : i didnt actually play it
oluwaseun ajibola : it's an interesting game.
andi andi : is an addictive game!
carlos rodriguez : bast motorsports game on phone
bhajan umesh kumar : its a great game
peter smith : really cool game
anirudh bhardwaj : nice really very nice
jayawardhana : this game is a great
johnathan collins : love these games
manjula jana : very nice game
passion sss : this is the best game ever
carl wagner : in my top (five) 4 games 4 mob
a google user : good game.i like this game
abdullah faisal : very nice game
ray dixon : its an exciting game
a google user : nice game play......
a google user : great game so far
george van der westhuizen : great game awesome
kirav yarik : i love the game!
zodi x : ubi knows how to mane a game fun
a google user : i think dis game super game
fidelis abrampah : best racing game
george findlay : duz anyone no what's up with the midnight club??
munashe kisimisi : cool game_good control
sumeet joshi : very nice app
pranjal jadhav : this is the beast bick game l have ever se
azan baloch : good game very nice
vincent chacky : very nice game
sz shufflez : very nice game
simonlandyman : it is good fun
lukas the goat : game give me huge boner thanks heheheh
the army god : i really like the game
rubi parwin : very nice game
roland g. robinson jr : trials on mobile is ....
ramgharia sardar ji : this game is awesome.
puranmal jangid : it's crazyyyyyyyy i just loved it
a google user : this is a good game
jeffery scott : i love this game.
hend asem : this is a cool game
kevin rox : thi app is very interesting
lighting god 2735 : it is a fun game
redninja : this game very good
jonaida marie gamboa : ilove this game.
bhuvaneshwari dessai : the game is to good
donna : best trials game.
stacie thompson : this is a good game
elijah cox : can y'all do every event that y'all did in the past? please
jarrod robinson : i love this game so much
jaggu bhai : i loved this game
a google user : what a game superb game
tree parks parks : love these games
dr. umer salman : best game of childhood
alok kumar : very cool game
ahmad zikri : the best game for me
pete king : best of them all
dalexzz2114 : i love this game!
aaron taylor : its a good game
a google user : i love the game
rze name : soo nice game really
chigozie sunny : this looks great
zion bailey : i love it it's so cool
anshu nagda : very nice game
a google user : this game so good
amrit tamang : very nice game
sambhu prasad : its too good excellent
a google user : lots of fun!!
medusa m : best racing game
vladimir pobor : lot of fun
a google user : love the game
aamir sohail : very nice game
elite tech : very nice game
gurmeet pal : this is a good game
shah jan : thanks you very nice games
hentus kitchen : best racing game
a google user : i love this game
asmat sardar : very nice game
shiva yadav : very nice game
vikram gaming : i play this when i was baby
varun gopal : really loved it
dharmendra kumar paswan : very nice game
charles francis : the best bike trial ever
wig addict : i love the game
beth fulton : love this game
adeyemo bamidele : it's simply the best
taweng bbx : this game so nice
munthakur muntjakur : the game is so good
qalb e abbas : my favorite game this
sharky obama : very nice game
george h : lots of fun
jcoreaz 1460 : like this game a lot
austin mummo : totally cool game
vikas gurav : it's nice games........
paul cowan : yes great fun
a google user : cool little glitchy
gonzo gonzo : very awsome game
adarsh maurya : tu uhyhyh jihuy uuoyui is a great place to work for and a great deal of experience i think it would be a lot of people and people who and the people who have been in the for years to come and visit their own in the same
ryan liggett : love this game
kevin hume : f#$@&$ great game.
lungile buyani : its a nice game
samiksha tondwalkar : your game is fabulous
tajwar : loved this game
kishor devnath : it's a very good game.
adithyan am : super and excited
rajesh diwan : this game is so good
omaan shah : it is the wonderfull game
krishna jain : very good game
connie scott : i love this game
zainiani tok : this game is cool
b.udaykumar kumar : super racing game
vj gaming : this game is under-rated
mohammad abid : this is a best game
status hub : best trial game ever
avinash bhalerao : i just love this game
robert mureithi : why isnt bringing about to play
a google user : love this game
a google user : please send more upddates.
shane white : this game is great!
moumita panja : it's a very good game
memo : the best game i've ever played
aslam batcha : need a trials frontier 2
a google user : i love this game
robert alvarez : it's!, hell of fun!, lov'in it!.
yousef yousef : i love this game
at p : just wow so additive
a google user : add more footage
yazmin alaniz : i love this game
aden dow : i love this game
warish ahmad : very nice fantastic
a google user : it's nice game
sachin girkar : very much nice game
mohammad shahjhan khan : this games like trials fusion
damian loki : such a fine game
jacob campbell : yea i like cheesy puffs
milan manoj : i am not able to play
noah amezcua : a very good game
joe rapier : this game is awesome!
sajan cr : good and super game
randhawa gamers : i love this game
cayden miller : yes best game o ever
patricia katwesigye : the best game!!!!!!!!!!
joju jomon : very good game
the unknown : this is an faltu game
eyad hossam : its very easy
michael teye : coolest game ever
omer farooq : this is too good...
paul robbie dawson : enjoying the game
mohammed thalha : nice game, and well
sadakat khan sadakat khan : currently currently currently currently fifty try offering if purchase if purchased s sitting in posting a topic rarer cl l djinn komal shiva stab l am rk khan and noughtygirl wish me no 12 novl love my mom... morel love my mom... more
rose mary : such a cool game
alapati chandra sekhar : this game was super!!! and the game was extreme
bushi malik : good action game
brandon todd : great on pc
mark stephenson : right good game
a google user : nothing but good game
abdul fatah bala ibrahim : its seriously amazing
wadiee kob : this game is so gooooooof
sheetal lalji yadav : nice game in
payal desai : one of the best game
oo ei : the best game the app stor
robert todd : i love the game
thoriso mantsoe : cool and enyoable
robert spoon : it's a cool game
falah almazrouei : this is grade game
sanjaykumar bilure : this game could not download
adorboe kelvin : this game ia fun
mohd sohail : thanks for game
hugo clark : fantastic the best experience
dai tuck : loads of fun
anna napoli : it is a lot of fun
andy curiel : i can never get passed 1st place
raja das : not bad this game
kunusha rashid : goood game bring more
a google user : ex i love this game
swag boy : very amazing and exiting game
pradeep naik : nice game my play
joshua alicea : i love this game
isioma sandra : amazing radical sweet swadical
reily dennis : i think it should have hot girls
murli nikam : i love this game
erika cornejo : a very good game
rodney kulp : it's a great game
djchoji20 a : it's an asome game
mudit garkoti : this game is mind blowing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a google user : extremly good extremly good
a google user : i play this when i poop
devil devil : heavy game super
spoopyfam : challenging most of it
the worst player : fun as heck
galaxy cm : super good game
danish usmani : very good game
akaelijah124 animate 10 yt gaming 3 : ubisoft putted a account to connect
tim smifdog : yeah its fun
shawn bruce : i'm playin it, aint i !? (jeese)
google user : perf, it's like trials fusion
mithil hm : the best game
samantha bonfitto : cool and fun
sumit aggarwal : very very great
anugerah : this game good
christopher simmons : fun and exciting
sorang sibam : it's not very nice
akash sharma : it's good game
robert alejando banguera naranjo : it fine game
md rony : nice game to raceing lover
laura tafoya : good game gg erigfeeh oh annual donations
kyobe william : nice and good
hamsi42 : it's a awesome game
moonlight kharmawphlang : this is veryyyyyyyyyyyyy good
163k fl3cko : the best game ever
mamun hasan : super exciting game
sabuj sarkar : it's a nice game
a google user : it is nice not bad
jake paul dylan : i love this app
a google user : i this app very much
a google user : good game5star for you
asim pal : swapnanil huiii to? i have been trying for your thoughts
a google user : you are the best ubisoft
snewp : lol thats all i can say
vasilis katrisiosis : it is really good
a google user : no other game comes close....
asian user01 : real feel thankful ubisoft
chastity patterson : i love thisgame.
luis ellis : is very fun
shashank ankam : thx for this app
ratty awuni : this game nice
a google user : i am so like this game
hitarth raval : love this game
clarence verano : wow i love it
bona wimmerth : greater than greats
sohit 0407 : this game is cool
retr0 : its really good
manikanta reddy : i did not played yet.
a google user : that,s best game
jay da don : this game is boss
romi arkan : yay trials on the go!
aman tripathi : i totally understand why people are not alone
ar aaron malachi roopram : please bring back the midnight circuit
neil whittredge : been playing since 2009
a google user : i love this
rajan maru : tq for give me this game
arya jourabchi : exelently amusing game
mutangizi remigious : nice and good
kamarul hisham : can you give us hack ur app i ll give you 5 stars
mac titus : yeah awsome game players install now
kareem ayman : ilove this game
achin jana : it's op xdxdxd
supreme skate : awsome adventurous game
mohd faiz : very nice geam
vivek kumar das d88 : my favourite game
amol chaugule : very nice game
farzad asadi : the best game in world
mervyn sutton : n bloody right royal game to play
nathan mccann : top notch game
parsian royale : this is so cool.perfect game
uncle stevy : its so cute
a google user : i forgot how to get the shark character
hariom jaiswal : not played yet
a google user : this game is a sa some
ayesha ayesha : it's a good game
999_darkness : the game is good
david danladi : it's a must-play.
jason merritt : better than housework
tejas parab : its so realistically
pawan singh : wonder full game
ahmed zaki : breety game thanks to creators
daniel stockenstroom : thank you so much
leon paul : loving the game
pubg warriors : its top game
a. vincent awudi : it is so good.
kyriakos annivas : the best game ever
a,r jr , : this game is varry colling
mian sab : i love this game
md rahmani : thanks thanks again
karthik kl : fantabulous..game..to play .
its me : good but great
brett reitz : trials is the best
spooks : trials is my childhood game
githanjali dahanayaka : good games ilove you
roshan lal siroiya : awesome love it
michaelandchristina king : it's tight as hell
richard johnson : the best so far!
girdher gopal jangid : this game is intresting
sk ali : awesome mind blowing
idris arma : good game app
nephateria moore : like the motorcycles
elijah cox : i love this aap
a google user : is it online game
sam op : i love this game
dumitru george : is this game on pc?
urs_arfath : super.... excited game
vijay mohan : thanks for the gema
a google user : it is nice game
maadhatter 0n3 : very well played.
a google user : oh what i say its a great game
whboom gaming : i really love trials
rama chandra : game game download madi please game download madi please
shadow#7057 : it's awesome!
md jobaer : two years and yet safe roads dhaka university and united states accuses harbouring nuclear program and york times reported tuesday morning saturday night before
dan layne : doooope!! trials on the go!
nirupama bandi : it's very fantasataic
blaise yoyo : vary perfectly this game
lapynshai w : i have trails fusion
adin smajlovic : # this game is so cool
030ngursangzuala : like the challenges
juan viviers : it's awesome
a google user : not bad at all
anas sheikh : this game is brilliant
nandha kishore : masss good app
sans the skeleton : im really close to getting the mantis
a google user : best in the planat
cody code420 : got my swing back in my ding a linger
p u r u n g : grafic wass good
jacob graham : it's pretty epic
csyu chetty street youth union : wow!!!!super game
a google user : liked the game
aaron jones : i have a trials addiction
payton brannan : it's a game changer
rishworth ghosh : fabulous as ever seen
justin street : love it again
s_alam shetu : donload this app
asfan solkar : to add more grphic
jefferson ngatia : it has more than you think
combat combat : when new update...?
kevyn daye : play the game!!!
suelen ventura : good job brothers
akhlaq khan : game 2 come back way
minecraft dude : just what i expected!
gix y : verry cool gg game
a google user : bast game for world
alex golden : i have played trials rising
yassin amr : shiloh and bros among us red sus
daniela smith : its the best
jose hernandez : the best game
sing hollic : it's interesting
sumithra damayanthi : this game is asom
annayappa annayappa : bear triais frontier
parzival : very good game
kaikena moses : i oove this game.
7s1j : please bring ktm event back i rlly want ktm 450 rally
riel ranoa : wow is so cool
sonu saini : bogor mast ha i
a google user : it was super
kenneth david : this is amazing
erin carter : it is cool
moumita das : lallantaap.i give the answers unknowingly
skateboard sasuke : g here ic is so he do bhai hey there r hey it is hczrf he became go get we yet we turn bc been do it it is he he hey to it in wb been he he hey to it he was going to he is the it hwh g hah if is so rjhtggd do can hi guys feel we hey it irish the it gt get to the unit is in do here the he he he he he he he hey we are the do unit huug in if ohio do to help that you to you it if you guys that ft trust re re he u he he he he do to rh here if it hfsvb bc out tryiovdscb he hey we eg he is u do do g
a google user : what a game !!!!
muhammad omar : it's the best
a google user : it's great
nikesh m : it's great
purity gitonga : is the best
jeremy henthorn : who n33ds a console?
chanel nicholas : go now and play
mason blake : not that bad
avraneel dutta gupta : it's super cool!!
yasir khan : wow cool game
sandip biswal : crime to our debuting sector detonate cn
a google user : ok go for race
sabu p.v. velayudhan : i dont know
eric kussiy : woderful.tumbs up
barry tatum : the best of the best
nga lott : i need a first time.
redrum : its insanly funnnn
satya sankar sahoo : extent game of me
gregoree oaks : tons of fun
priyanxx negi : theek thaak hai .not so boring
yamon clary : the best game
tejas yadav : texas and the two i was just thinking
a. muthu krishnan : atuc has been in charge
saravana manikandan : it is aosome
rashmi tandi : ok i'll let k bat and ball rolling b vvvvvrhagf you school today and uuuu
chill apollo : aw to the some
sujjewa piyadarsahni : note that i have attached a
chris mason : its good bro
damien hill : baccy cones and suburus
rishabh dubey : rishabh dubey charge minds youtube channel ko subscribe karo please
a google user : it is cool
ralph grajeda : it's the best
cayden b : it is also me
a google user : the game bast
adrian bustamante : it's cool af
sultan sul : waiting trials frontier 2 ?
renaline ann rafael : trials frontier m my gems
samule okoro : it was super fum
niranjan badhri : ghost of course
taimi awan : this is fake
a google user : i love you mathu
haryoo : drakor truck me fouth
a google user : what a game
veins cellers : what did you want from me
greg andrew : https ay cool
greg saldana : game is ass
a google user : tanuj verma on the beat
savitri pope : it is the dest
dinesh kumar : cox cliff for flux gloving gov
brad mitchell : addict to this
angelar gumbeze : triaks frontie r
diljit singh : isher singh hundal
borislav mollov : hacks go brrrrrr
tarun yadav : what a game
titus green : i this game
a google user : somthing missing here
suraj m v : saucy..loving it
jay gawande : free fire lover
a google user : this is best
n.s. seenu : no kkjht y what is your
princy sharon : awesom musical game
gopal rastogi : what a game
john holley : it was lit
sallu gurung : plz give me iphin
cj hawley : bunker was down but has been fixed finally! 5 stars again
adrian salzwedel : great game lots of fun
gato silvester : thank you
jeff gibson : this is by far the best moto game for the device gaming experience, everyone should play! even after years of other similar games this still holds up as the best
benyamin penghoshi : great game
troy taylor : my bunker stopped working. is it just mine?
justlivinlife : it's good
walter richey : great game
hlaing myo kyaw : best racing
matthew masters : great game
sai prashanth : mind blowing
dave mark gorion : great game
lionex gaming : the best
mr clumsy richard : the masterpiece
chris boysen : really like this game,lots of fun for me an my grandsons we play all the time.
nathan phillips : i've been playing for a while completed the agent bike,but now i'm at a point where i'm almost stuck . i have the 3 ghost on the island, 3 "expert",samurai levels,and the robot mission where the racer is fast,and boy are all 7-8 missions hard to stupid hard....i'm hoping with new update to open up some more levels, cuz i'm about to quit.....help,lol.game hasn't added anything in 6 years big waste
david gorion : great game!
brian wells : it use to be the only game i woud play but they havent done a update in so long i dont even like plaing it anymore
rose anyango : great game
callum mahoney : great game
ahmed joy : love this
andrew mellish : still playing
ema magige : professional
josh ohler : great game
aaron carter : really good side companion to the console game. looks great custom artwork and runs smooth. many hours of fun and frustration. running on galaxy s9. im sure i had this on my galaxy s3 aswell lol great game always used. had issues before with screen size but found more options to change settings through my phone and even the play store.
vinayak patil : love the game. but stuck in midnight circuit. from yesterday also bunker is not opening.
zsolt csaky : been playing since release, i cannot get enough of this game! i wish the next mobile trials game will not be free to play with ads, but rather a one time purchase.
don : was loving it till i updated my phone. now the game plays in hyper speed making it impossible to play
whilipino : this game is awesome and great along with the console games trials hd and trial fusion.please get this game and it is very appropriate for young ages and has a great story. this has customization and many other features
olegs ruksans : after last update app is closing. reinstalled the app. now everything is fine!
manouel : bunker is working again. great game when it comes to graphics & gameplay.
on kara : the game is amazing! the physics, graphics and soundtrack are good!!
arpit singh thakur : stunning graphics, smooth gameplay, interesting levels. love this game.
soul paranormal : perfect game to me loving every moment
mike ruano : muy buen performance s10 lite
kevinwadey : please sort the midnight circuit bug
dj mommy delgado : cool game!!!
emir zuleta : great game!!!
krishnamoorthy r : this game is awesome
masud parvez shawon : nice and mind blowing game
siddhant iyer : amazing graphics.
larry nail : cool game.
pawel marek : cool
buzz torbert : is there something that can be done to fix the midnight circuit and monthly season? it won't allow me to use either of them?
brian sowers : keep this mfer going
chad hudson : good fun is this
bill m. : great game
steven williams : great game
quyen nguyen : great game
alex beckham : great game
christopher keane : good times
shawn williams : great game
martin macleod : great game
raymond kimani : the best
beagle bagle : its good
glenn cravy : it is fun
renee grebenick : addicting game
irham amin : g to
confused raccoon : being a massive fan of the trials series on pc finding this got me super hyped. by far the best trials game for mobile. or was untill active development stopped. it can get grindy and the micrtransactions are still there full price. but for a long haul game it's great. i'd like to buy or finish unlocking some o the tracks i only have half unlocked though... please?
david rennie : totally worth downloading. fun game with a good story which makes it better than the usual recycled bike game of just go from point a to point b. and the ads aren't overwhelming so you don't feel pressured into spending money.
daniel : omg. addictive and high quality trials game. i love it and hope they'll develop new mobile games. i like this approach on the franchise a lot and i can tell it has great staying power five years in. great work ubisoft.
bear : it is a tricky game to master but it is an amazing game everyone should play it
skillshire : really good and really challenging but buch is really mean and anioing!!!
joseph pulatie : it's a fun and challenging game.
oluseun joseph : redownloaded it cos it is so awesome. best bike game imo
johngoo12 : constant updates and holiday patches, great game to play
aus3a nwahs : great game!
srin 11089 : great game!
phyl john perez : very cool!
aubrey duckworth : great game!!
darshana lanka : great game.
john kello : this game is fun
brandon brooks : great game
12-md. hanif : awesome graphics
san dnz : great game
braeden teal : really fun
azahar azid : good graphic
sam benson : really fun
jc sow : top game
god mafia : beast
antonio tate : cool
noah trasvina : cool
lourenz skie altobar : cool
zacharia lyons : cool
takoda medicine horn : cool
jerry lethco : cool
logan livesey : #lovethisgame
james evans : love this game and the people who play it. the comradery is great, top level players help lower level players improve and i would like to thank the guys from engage for all their help with donkey. engage always!
hitesh nageshwar : now tired as a lots of efforts required to earn bike and new tracks.
priyanshu nagda : cool game
alex d : cool
michael treece : oh yea
mark pritchard : addictive, fabulous
jason jarvis : the game is fun but after 2 weeks it is still froze on the game sync and freezes there so still cant play. if you can fix this it's be great.
patrick foster : freakin cool
adam lay : the trials frontier that we all know is best for keeping track of wet sundays, and long drawn out work weeks.
scott boone : addicted " give me more" now , still playing everyday.i have now played for 2yrs daily and still love it , its awesome
hacked rjl : still love it after years of deleting and re downloading
raizo black : i really like this games, simply but hard, dynamic, very cool game!!
manuel grimaldo : good game to waste time with.
7am's clocks, bells, and chimes : great game
josh lemaster : great game
kevin deans : great game
omprakash bm : cool game
ezra becker : awesome sauce
ashik ashik : thank you
kano morojele : great game, love the maps etc.. only hiccup is how the progression of the game is slowed down by expensive upgrades. otherwise all is well.
tasque manager : this is my favorite mobile game, alongside another i wont advetise, this game is great, love it.
amy visser : been my favourite for a long time
stephen rusconi : great game!
notvan0ss : fire.
muhammad qaisar abdullah : wounder full
thomas poprovo : much yeet
alan chagoya : wondering when the game is going to get updated because it still doesn't work with android 10... fantastic game when you are able to play it though lol
dustin do hendricks : great game and good companion to trials hd
matt faloon : help please!! butchban? i transfered my s7 files to my new s10 via "smart switch" wifi and now i'm banned for cheating? i need help please
simon parker : why wont the game let me click to join ubisoft
craig skinner : adrenaline without pain.
amir mas dehghanpour.f : the best
xeno manz : good controls
rodrigo dill : silly story line goes right along with the wacky action. compelling one to play, the characters engage with cartoons charm. can't wait to keep leveling up!!!!
brian bandretti : everything ok until this new level it crashes everyone now smh
damsel malasmas : one of the best android games without a doubt, ever!
chad mcaulay : fookin luv it even after recent update no problems what so ever i have bet butch but i havent found all areas loving the new look also still not had any problems with any update or special event
darnell : great game
russel carter : great game
scott banner : fracking cool
charlene averette : need more!
dan hickey : cool
jimboy diontab : owesome....
ripcity 420 : awsomeness
dave lowe : great game, easy control's. my only issue is wait times for upgrades. its awesome that you can watch videos to pass the upgrade times, but still a tedious task!! if it was a tad bit easier it would be my all time favorite game. still though i love it!! one of the best mobile game's ive ever played
steven chase : red lynx is one of the greatest game companies out there. i always look forward to the next game. its every bit of the trials we all know... eventually... you see it comes with an insanely long upgrade process that makes you want to purchase their micro-transactions. ive been playing for 3 years and still havent unlocked all bikes or even fully upgraded the basic bikes (dont unlock special bikes, upgrade your basics first). currently, i'm ranked at #1750 and never spent a dime.
the nowhere kid : bro i don't know how many ways i've tried to contact yous but still nothing back. reply.
leo varelian : this app is simple and easy to use, it refreshing my mind when i get a stressful, download it now and enjoy it as much as you can.
kyle michell : fun and exciting wish i could get my old account back. made it so far and bought so many in game purchases
nayeem abrar ahmed : nexus 6p user, great game. besides the occasional connectivity issues,
there game is perfect.
ibrahim chowdhury : brilliant game, had some trouble at first but now it runs smoother than most.
lisa becker : the improvements you guys have made in the last couple of years regarding upgrading your bikes are greatly appreciated.
nisan sarma : the game was destined to be good as it was made by ubisoft, and the graphics is simply one of the best, thanks ubisoft! for this awesome game, always thumbs up for your games(pc games too)
daniel costa : good fun can stop playing the only bad thing is the energy
ryan wayman : honestly one of the most saucy games ive ever played, keep it up.
rahul chaukat : a decent game that would keep your interests
kurt winder : i enjoy the different themes as the seasons change.
derek kehoe : four year's and still playing. ..that says it all.
allan lee : what a game the best bike game ever boom boom
minecraft tyler m : its cool!
adam parmenter : fun, exciting ....
kendrick edwards : absolutely amazing gameplay
blake smith : it's cool
the one kid : it's cool
liam dowling : great game
justin linde : great game
caleb koch : great grachics
curtis parsons : awesomely cool
lee mccartney : great game
danny sharkey : great game
austin eddington : is cool
glenn anderson : cool
3e2 go : cool
lahore gamer : very fantatic
achega martin : graphics
rahul thapa : sorry for or all the things i have said to ubisoft actually i love this game, great work expect more from you, keep up the excellent work.
iwan everson : i love the game but the throttle butting keeps on not responding... i've flipped phone and still doesn't want to fix the problem... all my other games work perfectly fine... don't even know why i'm commenting because i'm not going to get an answer anyway
ahmed abd elhamed : please increase quality of graphics more and more like play station4,if possible.improve visuals and effects to high degrees.make game fast and smooth all time.improve encounters,conflicts,actions,hit,crash,skills,risks,championships,tournaments,challenges,explosions,speed,power of engine and balance,i want these all to be real,exciting and attractive.add new environments with real conditions of weather.give me new versions monthly with all improvements of game performance.
kimberly m : best motorcycle game i've ever played. it is a good time killer.
nature lover kp 512 : nice game play even my child can play this game easy
curtis o'keefe : loving this game.im in the top 30.persent.i haven't spent no cash on upgrades yet .top 15 % here i come.
bluemask32 : i really like it for all reasons
jake rider : sweet graphics for a phone game.
eric quijano : great game!!
josh mccracken : great game.
zk___420___zk : great game.
bimal gurung : cool game.
ralphie lopes : time waster
shyamanta neog : mind blowing........
isikeli kunabuli : great game
doan ilman munandar : good graphics
prabin hamal : good platform
sibasishbh zaqwsx : very great
steven g : great game
sab mix 36 : graphic awesome
shohag shahriar : mind blowing
eftekhar rishan : its good
naranjo90 : cool
anshul yadav : cool
a google user : it was great
jose ruiz : nailed it!
sabina begam : very super
akib kaiser : thnks
sam force : tops
roman : edited : 3/27/19 i'm happy with the response as such the change in my review. the game is great, graphics are good and controls are simple. nice to see trials getting love on android. highly recommend this game as it's not a forced iap how they keep adding more features or can't wait for trials 2
jacob young : own all the xbox trials and friggin' love the physics. though there may be some minor buggy things sometimes, this version for the phone/tablet is amazing. i've played on and off for years and haven't been disappointed by it.
soulstorming dany : hi, it is an amazing game, i'm playing it for 3 years already, but why some times, at the slot machine, is asking me for 1 gems, even if the countdown time is over and it should be the "free spin" ? it happened a several times. anyway great job for u guys, creating this game and still working on it with new stuff !
ali jarvis : i love this game, 5 stars all round! been playing it for a few years now and still love it! would love to see more missions appearing.
kile mcdorman : pretty good game. i haven't played as much as i used to but, still, it's a good game. support isn't too bad either. they've always been there when i needed them.
jahin mahruf : worst game ever. why i have to download again after installing from play store?
corey smith : great game, i play every day.
stephen pettigrew : very cool!
emmanuel danladi : good graphics.
andy harden : great graphics.
kenny : cool.
michael bartlett : awesomeness...
pat rush : great game
zombi dcay : great game
a google user : great games
chuck aber : great game
azree tarif : addictive game
dabba420 mcg : really good
erberk uz : thats nice
iyab sane : perfect game
a google user : perfect game
yousef g : great game
abu saif abdullah : good app
pavan kumar : cool graphics
a google user : the best
gary hoskins : great game
santosh deshmukh : mind blowing
travis mcdaniel : great game
manomi : ! "finisnihg touches", , .
ahron hambley : wicked bro!!!
a google user : bom assim
shanon henry : awsomeness
uwihanganye cassa : can't
andrew hsu : constantly asks me to sign in to my ubisoft account, but it gives an error once i try to login.
william butcher : make a new one, to cash in with the trials rising release. plz n ty. with a track editor
erfan sedaghat : this game is the best motor racing i'v ever played.
sangeeth wijegunerathna : best bike game i ever played.nice stroy and exllecnt graphics.
raheel ahmad : no match for my trials...flawless.
andi raku : addictive game
a google user : great game
ananya kapoor : beautifully crafted
a google user : great game
a google user : awsome game
david benjamin : cool game
andrea pisani : great game
joe netherton : cool
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
quakeru : so far i have 2 suggestions for the devs. one is they make the purchasing for everything not one clickable. so far i purchased 3-4 items i didn't want, and messed up my play. and second is for them to fix the hang of the quest tab from the left in the map menu. when i open it, the game lags at like 1 fps. edit: apparently the hang was fixed. i can't stop playing this game. the most addicting and the most challenging game i ever played on android. period. the only android game i spent real money.
david borden : great gameplay and very competitive. the bunker can have some speed hack cheaters which is very frustrating.
bentorki b : a really cool game i enjoy it so
nicholas andersson : good stuff! update: still good stuff! yet again: good stuff!
nick h : servers too full now, takes forever to load head to head lobby
a google user : cool game
david milward : brilliant thanks
mrzulkif : great game
hamad yousef : great game
charles montoure : cool
chukwuka chidiebere : reallynice
scott patterson : reminds me of trials hd and evolution on xbox live
xac : a really awesome game with awesome graphics, music, gameplay, polishing! great work devs! update- i'll answer the most asked question! this game is not pay to win! try it, its a masterpiece, you won't regret!
muhammad ab : it's the most pretty bikes game i ever play
heather caufeild : good chakenging fun! 5 out of 5
a google user : its cool
roshan rock : good graphics
zareen taj : good graphics
a google user : pretty cool
akshay waghe : absolutely gud
kitchen_arm : cool
icyborgaming tm : xtreme boomblast
benjamin botelho : i have played all of the trials games on x-box, and this version is just as good, there are a few features i wish were in the console games, bike upgrades for one. overall its like playing the console version, but portable, love it!! keep up the good work red lynx. also have had no issues playing on phone, game runs smoothly, and no glitches or lock outs. awesome!!!!
roark rodriguez : if i uninstall and reinstall this game will i lose my progress? favorite game but lately it's opening up, letting me do something, and whenever i try to go back to the home town area it just goes to black forever. really sucks.
kool name : i love this game hands down the best dirtbike game on mobile just wish there were more ways to get gems in game.
richard deschamps : you guys that can't play, don't play bcuz this is an awesome game! had to restart a few times but picked up where i left off and kept playing. it's the best game i've downloaded!!
bruno ghesquiere : extreme nice been playing this one for more than 3 or even 4 years!
humaniodxeno 889 : a great game for passing the time and never a dull moment.
alexia : great game!
a google user : it's fun
b10h4ck3r : a must have for all
a google user : nice graphics
sushant kumar : awesome gameplay
jeanom bature : cool graphics
benjamin turaganikeli : great game
sachith pattikiriarachchi : its good
captain brown butt : cool
ruan molinari : top
courtney alexandroni : addicting!
pamela gullett : super fun trial bike game. excellent story line n plot, and is continually updating n changing. plenty of bike n apparel changes, tracks and detail are incredible!!
artem shatalov : update, downloading newest content... i play from time to time but seems like it always updates, so instead of playing, i wait 5-20 minutes until it's updated...
saurabh verma : great game
a google user : its awesome
maanoha : awesome story
jake njoro : cool
f : been playing for years. despite its issues, i've spent thousands of hours on this game. great stuff.
maximiliano schmidt : best trial game ever. help players to get all the bikes a little but easier, 20 dollars to get the bmw, come on, it's a game...
curtis h : using a note 4 and lg g7
a google user : chl rha h bhai ...bore hone time ...asi timepass ho jata h
jessica allen : it's nice
a google user : awesome graphics
mohsen abbasi : worldclass game
a google user : great game
i'm a heathen : great game
sandro natsvlishvili : great game
royston bruce : its to expesive to upgrade bikes and you need upgraded bikes for some levels
abcyoudead : this is agreat time killer withan amaz ing story
william f. scott vogel : this game is totally insane, i love it!!!
karthik pottem : this game is really addictive game
a google user : love tis game
harley mott : pretty good
a google user : well written
a google user : its good
tom ortenzi : great game
fortunate omonuwa : awesome experience
antionetta crymes : pretty good
a google user : owo fantastic
sheila moore : cool
legacy ink : it's osm
damian chapman : for the love of all that is holy can i please just pay a fee to never deal with adverts again. half the time these adverts crash the game and it kills an otherwise great title.
louis erasmus : its an amazing game. it can be quite impossible as some stages but the game males you want to play. 5 star worth it.
tyler harrison : awesome game! good graphics, never lags and the controls are completely customizable so you can move them to any area that's easier for you!
heckbrother : it's the best trials game out there because it has a destiny like grind to it. only problem is sometimes it doesn't connect to the internet and you have to delete and redownload the game just to connect again
peter feeney : it is hill climb with a story line, it plays good ads are not too distracting.that's
a google user : i want a new heavy graphics game like this
mr nobdy : good game sorry about what i said me being stupid but overall good game just a litte hard to progres but worth it
geoff myers : best dirt bike game ive played by far. well done ubisoft
a google user : most awesome bick stunt game i ever played.
basir khan : game is very nice but fuel tank is very low
chenna keshavareddy : i love this game,it so great and also grapics
brenda evans : i think it's a damn good game
a google user : very good nice bomd coca game
. rinzler : really awesome game god bless ubisoft
a google user : it's a fantastic game , download it !
mark pearce : fantastic very good
yossarian quezada : great game very adicting
youssef-eldghedy : very popular and perfect game
a google user : it is nice game
a google user : great game
tahir khosa baloch : awesomeness game
aldrich snyman : lots of fun
charlene boltz : cool
ethan neubecker : cool
dimcho dimov : cool
_a_s_h_i_q_ _m_a_ : cool
a google user : cool
liz bradbury1 : i love this game so much however if there is a challenge to get something at the end of a race you should just be given it if you get a gold/ beat leroy/butch not from the wheel of gortune cause its really annoying when you have done a level that is really hard and then you dont get it. please change ut. frontier fan
joshua bumgarner : i first played trials as a demo on xbox 360 and loved it, but when i saw this version in the app store i was skeptical of quality in comparison with the console version. after downloading and playing it i am thoroughly impressed and recommend it to anyone who is a fan of the trials games
roland hasford cudjoe : wow wow wow wow great game can u use de characters to make a boxing game or even make a car version.
rashied zeigler : i do racing games all the time this is a good one play on
aisha imran : very cool game but needs a little bit improvement in the graphics and vehicles and levels
a google user : this game is totally off the hook
shawn rupp : i have played it 4 years ago, and it is still amazing
rubz jello : an awesome game for me and my brother to play
michael brummell : i think that getting the gear should be a little easier
sher khan bhaijaan : a fantastic game of ubisoft. i like this.
trigger lyon : great trials, was fun to follow a story
vlad d : cool...but i hope it's easy to get gems and not need to connect to internet for upgrade...
a google user : it's brilliant and loads of fun to pass the time
jared ingream : fun. something to do when your bored
pramod kumar : superb well created game.
yakuza zam : awesome game great graphic...
friends of bd : i love it.great graphics
sikender shezada : amazing game i love this game awesome
arjun sonone : wow..what a game..nice graphics and controls.
ganesh agarwal : it is a. good. game
crxddylol : it is the best
a google user : this game is awesome
a google user : very good really
kevin carnage : this game is fun
a google user : love this game
aaron victor : the ish
pranjal mishra : thanks dear
didzis skudrevics : owesome
eddie launay : great game, could do with out the iap's but much of the game is doable
free, i've made it pretty far over the past several months. one of the few
games i keep coming back too even after breaks
pl liandika : great game. i have a lot of issues with connections as it always tells me
there is no internet access while there clearly is. i miss a lot of fun
looking features because of this ie the daily dog reward thing, the
multiplayer mode, the old lady something etc... it always says there is no
internet connection.
abin ajay : guys trust me , this is the most insane game i have ever played so far.
best storyline. physics perfectly done.
danny cochrane : this game is great. it helps clear my mind and at some points can be a very challenging puzzle for me to solve. ive played most trials games and this one is on leval with those. i reccomend 100%
bill fancher : i have always loved trials and played them all and still do, this one is great to play on the go, hate how's its the typical in app purchases type but its whetever, its still fun minus the stamina
a google user : i like it it's fun but i wish you could change your name anytime you want
and take off the helmet and dye your hair and costimize your face
rishabh sinha : game crash no 3 2 1 shows on start several time that cause not start the
race
white will smith : classic ubisoft trials. more or less reminds me of the old trials/first downloadable one on 360 haha still have the demo on a 360 hard drive somewhere
tanner collins : when i heard about the mobile trials game i was skeptical but it gives as
good a feeling of classic trials as i can imagine a mobile trials game can.
ayotunde ayoko : so far so good..the use of 2.5d graphics are ace and controls are very
intuitive... hopefully it won't nickel and dime me to progress
tmk khan : loved & played too much,so higher than i've ever tasted, thanks for giving us this very special game
a google user : great game it's for players with skills and not for little cry babies
that want everything given on a silver spoon.. keep up the good work
lokalidad southmusic : this is excellent game ,i lost this game before but after a year i check my
gmail app recent and finally find it again,but i cant load my saved game
,cqn you help me with that ,tnx
a google user : really after all i found a real android game. best android game, great work
ubisoft. like it too much.
matthew waite : i've only installed this game in order to complete the 'step into the
light' challenge in trials fusion but from what i've seen this is no longer
possible to complete. please confirm the current status of this...
dice v : following in the epic trials line, this game is a great challenge and the
best bike game out right now.
matthew gomez : addictive game i installed it at first it was weird but then i couldnt stop
playing it
void gaming : i loved the game, but never defeated butch yet so doing my best. although
fabulous game
amirul asraf : great games & maybe u can improve in patch which we must download..many
update in a day
my muzix : excellent game boring game story and collecting stuff ... huhhh finely
install latest mode version . now i'm happy ... ignoring boring stuff poor
energy and lots more now just enjoying pure game
solidstate : over all the game is awesome. many people complaining about ads. on the
first place before you install apps or games you will see if it has ads. so
don't complain, too many ads!! fvcksheet.
trackez : this is a best bicycle game but minimize download is very slow my internet
is full . the graphic of game is good
death schuldiner : i love the trials games! cant wait for rising to come out. hope i get a
chance to play the beta. frontier is another great trials game. ubisoft did
it again.
ronald junnel : this game dude this game look at there flicker there is i will wait i will
wait for you now watch me whip watch me nene now watch whip whip watch me
nene
midknightoker : this is a great game 10 stars!! trails is the only motorcycle game that's worth downloading, literally all the other games similar to this at all are trying to mock the og.
kenneth brown : great game only problem waiting times for fuel and bike upgrades
alex iunski : amazing game and great way too kill time. #superaddictive
a google user : by far the best bike game i've found (and i've played alot of them)
chanz chan zeb : liked it very much but the controls are not much effective and gigantic
improve them plz
dale jones : i will forever love anybtrials that comes out whether it be on mobile or
console always a fun game to play!!
anup rana : i loved this game! downloads extra data but after all it's awesome very
great time killer and physics based game. its not much hard to play.
awwwweesommme!!!!!
jasmin gonzalez : this game is very fun and additive i can't stop playing
suma genoy : i was sent by hungry shark svoulution to get a shark i came from hungry shark evoloution
a google user : i though that this game is not good but when played i was amazed.
a google user : this is one of those games that keeps you busy trying to get more items.
great game!
a google user : i really love the rpg aspect of the game, very addictive.
umiss ismiss : long time ubisoft bring a legend game
albot john : the finished end is go to death, but the game play is awesomely
mx miraj : this is such an outstanding game that i have ever played in my phone" loved
it"
nitronoddy : a great build up your bike as race crazy tracks
devraj basnet : great and best game for passing time.but regarding to its controls please
improve it
jeffery lulay : this is a very good game really fun good game play you can always count on
ubisoft to make a great game
duane hicks : it's a good game to pass the time with but could have better controls
sabaton fan : i love the game,love the graphics,and i love the game it's self but i wish
u could change ur skins
a google user : so awesome best game i've ever played but it's a little hard
a google user : play this game when i was younger love the game i will see if has improved
aftab khan : very zaberdast khaista nice good achi pyari game
fire blaze : this just wow good graphics good controls everything is perfect 5 stars
a google user : it a good game but it should be little bit more sensitive controls
ritesh rajan : though it is a nice racing game but you should make a save in play games which is missing
a google user : t h e game is cool yen areyou guy gona update the game
i am : its cool i found this game from hungry shark evolution that game is also
cool
logan sniadecki : this game is awesome it has a great story and its all aroud the best bike
game out there
trew wilson : awesome game addictive and challenging i love it if it had more stars to give id give this a 10 actually
bobby chinnu : awesome game excellent graphics there was a bike racing it is awesome
brilliant
suryank tiwari : simply excellent in all fields. keeps me hooked.
a google user : good game new challenges keep the fun going
kris seaman : wow what a game hours of fun fact.
a google user : i like the game very much in this game graphics are very perfect graphics
gaming with jr : i love it, i just wish it have a new update.
christian aguirre : this is one of the best games i've ever played
laoch dubh : great way to get your trials fix on mobile
berita bongol malaysia : this game sooo best on my all games
aiden zendejas : this game man is so great i love it
demetri sanders : one of the best games on here so far 5/5
sheela ki jawaani : absolutely love the game. could u pls make the game multiplayer
mangal katagennavar : best and one of my favorite games
a google user : i think its awesome and can you make another game so you can get a new
outfit and also make some ads give more than 1 gem
brandon krenz : this game is amazing! the campaign is intense! one of the best mobile games
i have ever played! five *****
noah bourque : i think it is the best game i have played yet
a google user : great game it is the best game i have ever played
alejandro garcia : its awesome and its ubisoft's games
a google user : the game is awsome so fun and addictive
s.r.p police : it's so nice game
gourav arya : this game controlles is very good i loved this game
aaron rhys : smooth game play and fun character "adventure"
desh premi : amazing game i love this game
sanouj ns : please help me to install this game
jonathan friday : i really love this game it's very entertaining
a google user : so cool had not had it in so long
a google user : it is very good game i love this game
putul shah : you should improve the control system
ntl._ki yungzo : the game wasa good idea
a google user : controls are tough all over awsome
a google user : the game is very interesting and addictive
abdul basit : i loved it very much
jean ludt : i really enjoy playing this ge
a google user : the best moto game ever
lawson spencer3319 : best motor cross game yet
armando salas : los angeles times reported that the last word say word say
j swag 9,000,000 : love it!! trials on the go!!
lee bailey : cool game , love the graphics
sayed nafisul : game of the year keep it up.
tarina davis : it's a great game love it
ayush saxena : awesome game. maybe best
mark bailey : it's a really fun game.
razor a : this game is fun.
a google user : i think it's kinda cool
alecz butuhan : great and awesome x-treme action game....!!!!!!!!!
a google user : newly diffrent game. this game was only model new generatoin new update
a google user : good graphics and funny game...
sergey jung : nice gameplay balance! (y)
hadid fayanto : addicted to this game!
shref beboo : this good game very good
savio .t : i don't know
gent-i : awesome game. alot of fun....
a google user : it's a great geam
eshrak ahmed : im in love with this game
a google user : awesome!!!!!! best race game ever
xx xxkanexx : very addictive and fun!
dude itz me : 9c game.... and.... you check it one time....
robert laster : it's ubisoft. enough said.
a google user : keep on new update and an of line upgrade plss
a google user : the facebook group for project so much
deepu kuldeep : awesome game really loved it
julian garcia : great game and awsome graphics
a google user : it was good game forever
a.k.i nation : nice game and good tracks
jovan stankovic : this game is super good
a google user : this a very good game
adam large : addictive game realy good
mike kerger : great vraphics fun to play
curious kat pictures : amazing game with awesome graphics
vinod peethambaran vinod : i think that it is the good game
inder pal singh : nice game with nice graphics
cyrus deak : make the character costuming and personalisable
gario ghost : very stunting game love it
jason banks : cool game.
greenninjamonster10 : great fun game lots of fun
a google user : it's cool
a google user : it's good
a google user : this is very interested
krashant : very good to play
madin boss : i love this game
mohd huzaifa : this is the best game
a google user : best game on phone
a google user : i think is good
king zevs moda : very nice game
farhan khan : i love this game
dhiraj sai : i love the game
leroy wallona : badass need more
suhana singh : world best game
ebuka derrick : it so so awesome
a google user : aswm you time pass
i play mincraftformemez lol : a very addicting game
rama njoroge : loved it.....
a google user : i loved the game
bop it : this game is great
a google user : i love this game
ricky jones : i love this game
sheldon lee roy : love this game
dillon hullenbaugh : gas grass and ass
md talha : need more ubdates
the best : everything is good
louis allen : great game
terry pope : the best
joshua hurd : it is fine
andres merchan : great game
a google user : really cool
dimitar pepelishygcds ev : great game
renald mark42 : realy enjoyed
desmond heredia : cool game
a google user : awsome game
edrick fourie : love the is game
gd dez4fun : cool game
a google user : its cool
mr.languid : really fun
jordanforfun : great game
a google user : great game
israel godoy : racing is nice
j j : it's very addicting
brandon l. ducote : addictive
a google user : cool
deadline socool : cool
lucifer devil : cool
zti3r : cool
muhammed musthafa : top
the real dirty dan : its fire
a google user : its awwsome
nighthackerplayz minecraft : asome
rip tide : i like the game so far but i feel your character flips to quickly, it just
makes the game less enjoyable. otherwise its great
sourav roy : awsome game play nice graphics and here is a new thing is great use of
vibration system...that's why i love ubisoft . this game need some changes,
but over all good
a google user : this is very interesting game and it is very adventurous game for boys as
well as girls . i loved this game very much in fact my family loved this
game when they are free they play this interesting game and that all feel
good . i thought that only this game (trials frontier ) is a one of them
best game in the world. kunal a game lover .
paul f : guys game is by far the best trials experience on any device. i love it n
can't put it down. just got new phone it was the first game i downloaded n
within 20mins i was sucked in & back to my old level (as it didn't save i
went from android to apple)
samuel a : well my only problem with the game is the need of an internet connection to
upgrade bikes
game x : you now what i love this game its super and dear friends please download
roblox it's wonderful game belief me $$
tejendra dubey : trials frontier game is over the weekend and we will have to go new bike. game are fun and thriller
dayton morgan : it's an all around good game even if you don't like dirt bikes
jonny bradley : great gameplay, super slick styled graphics, controls are well balanced.
fun story/ meta. very nicely produced trials experience for mobile :).
hietboi : best game on google play, the story is amazing and the controls are so
simple, yet so precise!
rahul nambiar : asm game but controlling is dam bad
a google user : please play the game guys because this is awesome its graphics are not too
good but it is really a fantastic game
aamesh tiwari : the game is awesome. and the vibrations make it even better.
chad harrison : loved it lots of cool features and even has a story mode.
rush gamer : good game for a gamer boy ..... with cool graphics and cute gameplay . map is nice , missions are good , btw gameplay is nice .
zain saleem : amazing game, it is the better way to spend your time with this game, i
loved it.
a google user : epic really good graphics. this is one of the best there is. thank you
thatrandomblackguy : clean amazing and addictive i love this game i hope u do too
a google user : nice game you should try it just love so much
nebiat berhe : i wanted to play this game since i was a kid and now i got it and what i
like about this game is that it is full of adventure
bill willis : amazing just wish you didnt use up gas
vikas swami : this is amazing stent no 1 game
a google user : this is the best game i ever had on my hands
shivangi tripathi : it is the game i was searching for with stunt and beautiful graphics
all sites : good app amazing graphics and good gameplay with nice controls and story
chad johnson : play every day... they change up the events to keep gameplay fresh!
sushanto harder : it's a great game for entertainment very good grafics and so good controls
omg skully : this game is awesome but it could use a update for the recent e3 release of
their new game
chukwuemeka : it's what i have been looking for but i wish it could be controlled using
tilt
talha khan : this game has very good graphics
sam and jack vlogs : this is the one of the best motocroos games iv,e ever played
hunter williams : it's good but it takes a long time to download
a google user : it is very nice game i loved this game very much and it has good graphics
a google user : fabulous game plzzz try it graphics are too gdd
dang rau : good game! thanks so much
jordan and jamie swartwood : great game i play with my son all the time
rajdeep dutta : really nice game please try it.
a google user : it's great i love the graphics
ismael iita : is best; smooth control and user friendly
a google user : it's ok but awesome
claudia grams : the best motorcycle game with motor storm
a google user : nice game thank u ub soft
nikesh shrestha : amazing game crazy physics love it
shakti shiva : wow what a game fantastic. i just love it
a google user : this is very nice action game
bryson wallace : love it make a part 2 please
marshid mohamed : good game n best graphics
a google user : its the best bike game lol
a google user : i don't know
doom v.5 : i play the others. it's dope
a google user : i love this game really nice game
a google user : awsome game to play. worth it
chuck buck : sweet game! flips allday!
amit rajput : awesome loved physics and graphics
parasagani venky : super game in the world how many like you gave
crystal chapman : its ok nothing really to it its like reg nintendo
sai reddy : hell of a good game ubisoft
junaid : it's a nice entertaining game. the graphics are really nice.
abhay singh : that's amazing game app
fat tubbie 12 : it's so much h fun!!!
scott minikhiem : i really like this game. well done!!!!
dx c. : its funny i love it
boris theblade : awesome game! thank you
a google user : loved this game very entrusting
sai swaroop : awsum graphics just loved it
uknown gamerz : i love this app...best racing ever
dzunisani chabalala : really great game. i'm loving it.
julio garibo : it's really fun
fred gentil : it's really fun
queen pearl : nice game .... loving it so far
anim saha : good game and graphics
peter cj maddy : the game is fantastic ....the useful time pass......... i
ravinder kumar : nice game play.....
chad robinson : it f***in awsome!!!
a google user : nice story for begining a game
a google user : osm perfection so nice
c.quibuyen pogicarlo : the bike is really fast
gaming freefire yt : this is nice game for me
a google user : the game is so cool
a google user : nice and create new level
amar patil : i like it is cool and love it
a google user : it is vey nice game
a google user : super cool bike game
suvam dutta : the best racing game
judah mallam : why does it download all the time? it's taking more than a day to load..
can u fix it ?
a google user : really love it
a google user : love this game
lovish verma : it is good game
a google user : its a brilliant game
a google user : simply and best game
sandro _749 : i think is cool
a google user : super nice and cool
a google user : a great app
a google user : mind blowing experience
lucas frady : prutty good game
a google user : very nice game
amit shahi : having alots of fun
a google user : very nice game
arash arianpour : please released for ps vita
a google user : very nice game
ruatdika dika : i love this game
gokul pradeep : awesome thrilling graphics
a google user : this game is amazing
prashant mulewar : to much fun
a google user : i love this game
a google user : interesting superb
a google user : it is a good game
jody arnold : cool beans
tyler ash : it is a great game
ja bec : it great
suzanariah ibrahim : very addictive
a google user : this is amazing
cr j.3 : bucth cheats slot
pops keeps it real : reminds me of excitabike
srinithish n : i love this
a google user : cool
carlos de la cruz rosa : cool
a google user : boring
a google user : it's trials
a google user : the game graphics is super
eto lohe : i like its graphics
a google user : download it again and again and
michael butler : bring on xbox
a google user : should be online
alex faynberg : this game is amazing. so fun, i can't put it down, always saying just one
more track and end up playing 20. get it you won't regret it. they did such
a good job with this and the ads are none intrusive and don't hurt the game
play. i recommend it to everyone!
dick p : good game but i have one issue. in multiplayer you get super cheesy
opponents who take advantage of what i think is a glitch..the opponent will
basically be wiped out but managing to hold on somehow riding upside down
and gaining wheely points..they will drag across the map until they can hit
a ramp to flip over gaining tons of points and being blatantly cheap..again
love the game but that needs to be fixed because your multiplayer becomes
so ridiculous it isn't even fun
mistie stevens : great time consumer for being on a road trip but would be better if it
didnt need wifi for upgrading your bike.
dylan albert : this game is amazing. its ridiculously addicting, takes skill, and always
has multiple things to do
levi stephens : basically the only mobile game i play. controls are smooth plenty of ways
to make in game currency. 1p/10 would throw my phone in frustration again.
lourens meyer : you should look at your online part.....i cant always connect and theres no
problem with my networks
manny m. : great all around game. got me to spend money on unlimited fuel and
consistently play for months.
chelsea zeller : i redownload this game cause my husband thought he found it on the ps4 but
it wasn't this game. so i installed it and forgot how much fun i had. great
game! keep it going!
jasper knight : this game is like trials fusion great game. hey ubisoft can u bring tom
clancy's rainbow six siege in mobile please see pllzzzz
russell labs : pretty fun. kinda a bit clicky through the story parts would've liked to
get to the gameplay quicker.
malou nuguid : it's so cool thank you but the x games norway season is done i only got to
the 17 rank but i just got the middle oufit of the neon blaze and i didn 't
got the bottom piece of the neon blaze and the middle outfit of the neon
freeze so please fix those i want to get those outfits please
a google user : it seems fine to me. haven't played much thou. like 15-ish minutes or so
a google user : liked it but little control problem and loading problem also plz improve it
otherwise it is nice
kianvash ghahari : this is absolutly the best motocross game ever! awesome graphics and details, perfect physics, and a fine story telling to make us play without getting bored, good job ubisoft, in android you are a river with infinite depth!
abhijit pramanik : good but use fuel tank for race is not a good option.btw good job ubisoft.
aaron duff : brilliant game could do with more activities to make more money and gems
other than that it's very addictive
jonathan fries : this game is really easy to get hooked on. lots of fun.
killer b : the game is very good in general but you need to slow down when it comes to
updates
mr. magic : this is is a good game that's all i'm going to say and best game like when
are you on a motorcycle in the desert
a google user : in like the game alot i think u should make a defrent version of the game
gamingbones _bt : ell what do i think, i think that it's a great game for once and it's nice
but fix the ad's.
vtusks : i'm stuck in the loading screen . and it's not even loading .... pls help i
missed this game
a google user : lol i downloaded it to unlock trials baby on hungry shark evolution but
it's still fun
szaloki robert : i just realized i've been playing this game since 2014, and i still like it!
private duck : it's fun i highly recommend it if you like motorcycle games and storymode
gamees
mw games : just got trials fusion on ps4 , this is perfect for out & about on the go.
lisa walsh : really fun game! nice graphics, great game play, controls are well done,
well worth the download!
a google user : bro plz help me my trals frontier has bell lost plz give mi my game
progress krushna dhanne 18 name plz give me plz i like this game plz don't
give again and again updet because of storeg so plz work on this i like
this game
rhys glasson : good fun and gets better the further into the game you get.
topcreem' : become a biker ninja. and also i love this games hii yah
adrian anderson : i love this game i'd say that it's a game you can play and we
christ8fer113 : the graphics are really good and th game runs smoothly
a google user : is an amazing game its easy to work and great quality
ulysses s : good stuff ubisoft done well with this best trials game
crazy savage : great game is really fun so far and not to hard
a google user : this game is very cool and it could have better grafics
taj mo siddequi : one of the best game and one of the best graphics i love to install ubisoft
games
a google user : it very nice games its graphics is so goog that the reason i like it
brandon poole : this game involves the gamer when playing with all the controls keeping the
bike and rider steady
girish kumar : i love this game because it has a very super bike all can download it
christian caraang : i very very love this game this my best game ever thanks ubisoft
dopplegamer x : my favorite silly motorcycle obstacles game!
ali masri : its a very nice game and i like everything at it,nice!!
gert strydom : epic move from console to phone.
krois pro : it's a really awesome game.ubisoft is the best!
jose gonzalez : such an awesome and totally fun game to play!!!
john sleeba : great game. ubisoft. thank you
jcmathew mathew : it's a really good bike game and i love it
james lockhart : fun game and like ubisoft console games
play for country : best animated game, very nice graphics worth downloading
zir rock : this game is so awesome that i could freak out!
a google user : its so nice ,its my favourite also
big smoke : great game but still not trials fusion
r.suresh kumar : graphics super try many stunts amazing physics
a google user : i wunt you to sponsoer me#1
mate : ads + cache. waaay too much. do all the video ads have to be 30+sec long?
alcina pieescu : so freaking addictive! good story an visuals aswel
05 gandharv prashant dharmik : nice bikes i love this graphics and game
cesar silva : best i love this game si much
jose ortiz : i love it it's good game and addictive
french baguette : fun, great time killer 5 out of 5 for everything
a google user : i like this game because i like these kind of games with racing and driving
galih lawana : it's really cool and nicely game ubisoft
victor nogales : good really a good bike game everything is good
baala ji capricorn : i love it...best game ever ...my request play with friends vs friends pl
update
a google user : nice be continue give more like this
juan dela cruz : its my favourite game ever
r.i.p xxxtentacion : epic great graphics awesome gameplay
otis nipper : need a charter builders that would be sweet
gage lawson : i love this game so adictived
daniel pannell : easy to control overall fun game
sindairis negron : i love this game is soo fun
mr. wais : hi friends nice game i am very happy ok bhai
aram asikyan : the only game ive kept downloading over and over again
nphgap : love this game so much
a google user : it's a great game and crazy game
rudhreshwar k.s : this game is amazing!!!!!! i love the bikes the tricks and other stuff!!!
a google user : i really really like this game it's really fun
adrian go : so beauty full game
dipto roy : it's more better than trial extreme...like it
joseph healy : solid fun for a free game!
g386 420 : i think they got something here needs controls adjusted though
a google user : it's an awesome game.
a google user : me like doge and the game
thischannelwascreatedinnov2017 : good graphics, good gameplay, easy control.....this game is
awesome.......
rocco : ubisoft always gets it right
rattlejunkie : quality is trails . cant wait for trails rising
cedy zeus : amazing...but the control is abit weird.
harxcrid : i love this game.
a google user : it's good game
joshua miller : love the trials games!
anudeep dude : it's very very awesome i love this game really it's very mind blowing game
kami mccall : it was a good game !
a google user : my fav part is fixing your bike
samantha-ann wengert : i think that this is a very well created game
isaac santos : it's good.
sk nawab : the game is awesome graphics
a google user : this game is full of fun
cash holt : fun game to pass the time
sarfaraj mandal : nice game and great graphics
a google user : a very good game
a google user : trials frontier is fun
dt3b : amazing game tonpass the time
440 _tk : its the best racing game
aboudi radwan : the better motor game
tesha taylor : the controlls was so easy
raj narayan dwivedi : it is the best stunt game
s anuradha : a nice time breaker
a google user : it's cool
jacob hargues : it's good
a google user : really amazing !!!!!!!
jay prajapati : game is dominating players. i used 10 tickets in row during a showdown and
when i won the match the game doesn't gave me points
a google user : i love this game
cloe roy : this game is amazing
samrat dinkar : very nice game
a google user : this game is amazing
clasher gamer : wow this is good game
puja syal sheikh : very nice game
ya boi cory : really good concepts
a google user : it is the best game
a google user : awsome just awesome
a google user : it is a nice game
suneo bin agung : i love this game
romeo tonna : love it so much
borhan borhan : i love this game
k b : great game for sure
a google user : the best game
gabriel robertson : awsome!!!!!!!!!!
face entertainment : helps me burn time
themarsgmello djpro : i love your
tristin savage : the game is awesome
adonis papapavlou : keep coming back
shenna turner : this one is asom
dreadshot 37 : why only on mobile
chris allen : very addictive
arni magno : great game
benjamin barnhill : absolutely love it
viji sekar : wow that amazing
killer 303012 moreno : great game
kissit whole : it is awsome
mr fixxxer : nice really
eric fero : cool
a google user : cool
md samir : addictive
kenneth daniel : cool
karen patel : race it's first
a google user : it is alsom
blake arvay : addicting asf
rafael lalpekhlua : they are crazy
tushar khatri : awosome game
narga rider : it has very fun and addicting gameplay as well as some really interesting
ideas for maps. what i really enjoyed though was the fact that it had an
actually interesting story compared to similar kind of games which have
none. it isn't pay to win and rewards players for the effort they put in (
especially in the multiplayer. finally you get the sense that as you grow
the village grows with you starting with only few of the buildings unlocked
as you progress new people come with new missions and unique character each
one of them.
justin talkowski : i'm a fan of the trials games from red lynx and have been since the
original trials game online. this is a lovely, polished bit of work that
you can dip in and out of. perfect to hit up during a lunch break or on the
bus. lovely stuff!
a google user : it is a amazing it's a good game i love it so much it's like i can't stop
playing it how do you come up with0 this
isaac selders : this is the only mobile game that's ever been good enough for me to
actually review. as someone who has been a trials fan since evolution, this
game is amazing for a free mobile trials game.
guehef ali : i'm in love with this game omg just can't stop playing been 4 years now
and i just can't stop
robert wilbanks : should be able to swap controls for throttle and pitch from either side in
custom controls. i have to say that i love this game,! addicted!
icysuki_ : i was waiting for a trials game to come to phone or ipod you what i mean.
it is that this game is good but some updates could be better like more
tracks and hidden ones.as well as really hard tracks like the tracks on
trials fusion.plz this game is to easy and there should be ninja tracks
3r1c 29 : good game i wish you make more fun by creating more model of motor
cycles,characters costume and land scape
raymond jackson : i don't care i just want to get a baby ehark in hungry shark evelution
a google user : i only downloaded this for the free trials baby in hungry shark
manidhar : nice game but it requires some times internet connection that's sad
wesley ducker : really good graphics and the control's are easy. good game!
ricky dodge : cool features, and a good story line. all around fun
patty scarpaci : i love the gravity... sure it may be hard but its life on a bike
adam hopkins : very enjoyable. i spend too much time playing this game lol
goodboy gb : its been a great game do its very good but the bunker seems to not connect
i already have some internet but it didnt work can you fix this?
rio fejeran : so far so good already gt blueprints on my 5th bike ooooweeeeeeee
sully frombawston : simply amazing. physics are terrific, storyline is fun, challenges are...
challenging.
brian miranda : best touch controls in a game i've ever seen.
assassin : its one. of. the best bikes games
ayush bhandari : this game is wonderful! siriusly
montero . . : i love it but it is challenging and needed lots of focus.
karuna. kp karuna : awesome gameplay nice graphics love very much
kesandu maduekwe : its truly worth the download..great physics
davy russ : awesome game although controls can be a tad unresponsive.
bhavna bindal : i love this game so much it is the only game i play
al mamun : this is the game what i am lokking for the whole life. it should be a
editor choice. amazing game, superb.
isaiah quiroz : this game is amazing, the grafic is so amazing
hony kwt : very nice game i like it very much.
randy sisk : what can be done to correct? allow some of the older special offers like
native warrior.
labrent coleman : i love this game very fun
donald harris : great game upgrade online serious
ammar king : best optimized game on google play
christian pittman : i like how the game offers online challenge's
a google user : trials has been and always will be dope, keep making these me boyos.
juggernaut xp : love the game,speed and rides
zerochillyt : this is the best i've ever played! great!
ryan smith : it's a good time killer
eg gel : update as possible for new possibilities!!
jayden bray : amazing !! so much fun & cant stop playing it !!
keerthis muthal : not only a good job."best job"
anish mhatre : why wont the game start after the latest aus open update!? solve this asap
a google user : perfect game ever!
troy gd : *awesome , *exciting , *challenging , *time-killer >
battle hero1992 : best that is smooth amazing!
bigtmd : it's a good game
midwestdieselpwr 12vc : trials is frickin sick
freaky friction gaming : the coolest i played
flame fort : i really enjoying this game
86vertigo : yeah its a cool game
a google user : perfect and excellent sites of game
snipper_king112 : i love it so much
ubaloxh ali : ubisoft your games is fantastic
jeremy mcgrath : great game for being on a phone
leo murrungun : it's awesome
kevisetuo suohu : it's great
damen dennis : been playing for year's
john leih huerte : it so cool
kheyali sarkar : this is amazing game
absurferit 312 : controls are hard fix that
william messamaker : great game
a google user : pretty good
iamtolazytomakename : it is cool
andries grundlingh : totally addictive
nexus blitzz : developed with love
froggie : addictive
leonora sister : cool
widya yp : addictive
vlad grasutul : thanks for game
d3dm1 st3r : interesting title maintaining both ease and excitement in game play as well as the interactive menus! tho it fails to produce it's add reward at times it makes for in interestingly nice in game physics and challenging environment to have as many strolls one likes. over all a solid 7. game well done
valdyr loki : the last update totally ruined it. it simply shuts down, won't start anymore. fix this and i'll change my review. later edit: well? it's been almost a month and the game is still unplayable. when is this gonna get fixed?!? later, later edit: it's been months. i don't know how many. many months. i just installed the game again and it still doesn't work. are you gonna do something about it? later, later, later edit: i uninstalled the game, then downloaded and installed this last version here in the play store. it's not working, it shuts down by itself. are you gonna do something about it or not? it's been like six months. later later later later edit: please read what i'm saying and don't just give me an automatic answer. i have already "downloaded the last version" more than 10 times! if you would have read, you'd have known this already. it's still not working!!! it's as dysfunctional as your customer service!!!
joshua hilliard : there is a user by the name of dimon, or diman, that is known for exploiting game mechanics. however there is no report button in your game. otherwise good game.
jason paape : favorite game on my phone. great control. great tracks. microtransactions
are reasonable or avoidable if not interested in that.
ana keller-edward : unresponsive touch screen input on occassion. must introduce compatible controllers to make trials frontier rule supreme. loving it .....
erkan kaya : the game is fantastic..it should be improvement control..latency problem while press back button.
a google user : very glitchy after last update. struggling to enter bunker. struggling to connect. struggling to spin slots machine. please fix. before update ... good game.
donovan wood : i think if youre a fellow lover of the trial games, then you will absolutely enjoy this version. i recommend this to everyone who enjoys a moment of simple badassery
malik uzair : it irritates me that it need download data in just 1 or 2 hour
vahn haro : i'm sure this is the first game rating i've ever given. to be brutally honest, i'd like to say a lot more... but the game is active behind the okay store window i'm writing in and i'm in a big rush to get back to it.
elizabeth k : i'm hooked! this game can be little challenging and lots of fun! i find myself shouting encouragement and cheers at my own accomplishments! great gameplay, unending do-overs. this is a nice one!
victor ochoa : it is pretty cool but it said rate the game and you would get free gems.
hemprabha richhariya : this game is very expensive game so i am give more stars
smarajit sarkar : i just love this game. but after a few days it just stayed on the starting screen showing starting. pls help.
josh barbosa : if the would set buttons higher on the screen for the samsung galaxy 8 plus it would've great seems like the curved screen messes up
corey curtis : its great but the last few updates have been crashing at the load sign
ez_ ez101 : its not like the trial games like i was expecting. but it's fun, adventurous, and creative. and that's what i'm looking for. thank you
jade daw : pretty great honestly just wish controls were a little more sensitive or whatever the word would be to touch although possibly could be my glass screen price for lol #1
arvydas vygelis : good job guys.. and how to get old account back.. i log in in ubisoft and all bikes and rewards is gone.. need them back.. plz help my!!!
lynette pieters : race is a fun thing. i love the midnight cricruit.
tricky : fun if you have ever played trials fusion on xbox or ps4 than this game is just the same thing
maria camachos : i think that it gets &better better all the time !
sahil dhaka : its such a nice game im playing this game for a long time i loved it. but ads are so disappointed please give us a solution .......?
kyle priest : dont buy into negative reviews, this game is pretty awesome!!
abdelmonem abdrabo : love it. i cant restor my account i logged in by facebook and by ubi id and nothing
rakhadian noer kuswana : i love it. the whole game is excellent, the graphic is amazing.
ultimatecreeper : the game is good but when i lose control i just leave the game
a google user : it's a chalenging type of game
a google user : its a phsics based game with many fun obstacles and challenges
brandon t : this is a great game its like when you die you turn into someone kind of ragdoll mode.and i love the way three a thing at the end of a level and then you get smashed or something
ashan perera : this game was soo good and really funny i like it. try this game one time.
a google user : it is a fun game i have never had any problems with game play
hamza haris : i love this game but their is no any option to customize your bike
clayton machiela : love that you can play offline and reconnect later without losing any progress
xyan lum : you shoud make it easier for people who cant pay money on the game like me
ishme azam : your game can't be update in play store..
aquarium man : very nice game but the flip buttons are too hard to control
misty whittle : it was very good thanks so much and have a wonderful day
laddie _witafatty : everything to expect from a trials game!! magnificent alot of fun
a google user : best bike game! i highly recommend it.
javonn white : this is one of the best games ive ever played but t the great tbing is that the graphics are phenomenal
arijit rana : the midnight circuit helped me complete the bandito... thanks for that.
djthe stopmotion and games : good game just to make the best game of the year edition is not to be missed on the best game of the year edition .
vibedout : i love this game because it is the best game i ever played and i love racing games so you guys should make another game of this but a evolution
dark storm : amazing features and also have good graphics such an good game
a google user : this is one of the best mobile games i have played in a while. good job ubisoft
a google user : want more and more sharks in hungry shark evolution
a google user : this game is great and exiting but i wish it had some more realistic trets
thorn moore : should be able to connect to my uplay account to earn coins for my games please make this feature
jordon cullen : this game is the best i hope they add more levels and bikes possibly more chance of getting outfits p.s im a mario bros fan could you add mario and luigi outfit and bike please other than that great game
mark anthony : its cool and keeps u focus love it
tyan yan : i loved this games. graphics so awesome.. so addictive
a google user : best trials style game on the market. nothing else compares
tommy barrett : great game one of the most addictive i've ever played
a google user : love thee updates since last i played
sky fall : love how you get to customize rider and customize a variety of bikes.
rebecca archer : i think you should make the steering easier
sayyed dabeer : best time pass i have ever known
chris ellix : brilliant game it could do with longer levels though
patrick hinshaw : great for passing the time love racing other people
colton themaster : this game is awesome it should go in the hall of fame
a google user : beautiful graphics amazing game play lots of fun
lord arceus : i love this game keep up the good work
vincent cosio : best game i ever played on my phone.
velia gutierrez : i love motorcycles and video games and i love this game
a google user : it is very mindblowing game and it is also better than bike racing
ivan t taylor : amazing game, such an amazing experience
curtis hamlett : hard, long, and challenging. my 8 year old loves it. her favorite of daddy's games. learned on x-box, but love mobile format.
anthony gagoua : best game ever thank you for making it
reis baker : probably the best bike rider game on the market
pat klupngam : storyline equals mind blown!
diogo barros : great game. the ranking system is fair.
vikas thakur : great controls ,nice graphics, addictive and awesome levels for playing
erick gutierrez : i used to have the game it's awesome
samrat aryan : if you play it . it is very interesting
rekha khulve : please download this game very nice
a google user : better bikes at the beginning... thank you
pranav sharma : currently my favorite game on mobile.
a google user : the game was good but it's controls are bad
a1 kapo : well set up game with a good story.
zac the boss'em : you could make it so that when you go in to a tunnel you don't have to slow down to not bang your head, otherwise,the best bike game ever!!!!!!!!, the controls are a little wonk,but you get the hang of it in like, the first run or two.
abe shavin : awesome game, great gameplay, fun fun fun
aman vishwakarma : trials frontier is my second love
monsterhero boy : its in amazing game and its free
cnr rgue : these is super game i love ubsoft
west brook : graphics is awesome controls are even better
a google user : very nice but paly online
a google user : i like it so much that i could play this every time
chehal : the best bike game ...ever. always enjoy all ubisoft franchisee.
ryan hatch : addictive and simple. truly trials
ruan van der merwe : this game deserve a red dot award for the best android motocross game thumbs up i even go out off my way to purchase play store credits to buy in game stuff
tony smith : just downloaded this already it's addictive
a google user : that is nice app .really nice
jimbo slice : loved the oldschool one and love this one!
communist crusader : it's a great time killer and a lot of fun!!!!
jeremy olson : very fun and addictive!!
sarang shaha : can't fuse any crafting items? pls. help
karen phillips : this game's sweet as...oh yeah
neil melia : boss game. love it
kundan kumar : very intersting game but too much adds.......
a google user : it's so good
joe doe : one of the best!
rogue leaf ninja : fun and addictive!
juizy : it was very good thank you
blue canary : a very fun game
david ness : simple but very fun
jeremy edbert : this game so cool
a google user : a very adventurous game
goob stevens : wonderfully well written story
richard piper : this is real good game
kawsar islam : it is my favourite game
nick sanchez : interesting characters and fun to play
wrestling revaluation malayalam : good graphics and good game
reza khoshnood : it's great ...
ben chang : fun with surprises.
cruz cynthia : love this game...
rivvy : great game...
oscar murillo : tis, the bees knees
nakita aberdein : it is stupid
kaddesh hill : pretty cool game
kendall davis : i love this game
christian morris : fun but hard
imbr 2007 : this game is the best
mohan vamshi.y : this is a good game
nathan sloas : challenging but fun
satish kumar : good racing game
chinmaya b : graphics and physics are superb
blackraider : really good game
a google user : nice excellent work
naveen tharushika kothalawala : superb very interesting
a google user : it is really awsome
a google user : best game in the world
ravirana rana : i love the game
a google user : lol i love this game
barry peggs : i like playing this game
junior tararo : pretty good game
nicholas hurd : love getting this game
jasim : grand great game
gauri godkar : this is a successful and excellent game
sam osborne : great game
a google user : great game
a google user : thank you for this game
danie caldwell : love the trials
a google user : great game
a google user : cool game
holli afusia : really fun
darren crane : it is awsome
a google user : love the physics
a google user : great game
diamond gaming : everything is good
blake ingram : it is it is qn ausm game
a google user : cool
radenmas irfan : cool
xpert thief22 : addiction
gary lettman : cool
aidan corrales : cool
0001110 000 : cool
a google user : cool
aditya dubey : story with racing
aritro sarkar : mind blwoing
a google user : this game is off the charts!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
contreezus : this game is awesome on the nvidia shield.
braden rempel : great game, been playing since it first came out. just got a new phone though (galaxy s8) and when i use the feature to stretch the game to fit the tall screen on the phone it does mess up all the hud on the game and isn't playable in that way. it would be nice if that feature could be fixed since it is annoying playing with black bars on either side of the game.
riffska 2k : this is a great game. loved how u can just save everything to cloud and play on different platforms may it be ios or android. one thing bothering me tho, is why do you guys always check my progress and always ask me to confirm im using the cloud data? if anything i already said i wanted to use my cloud data and yet it happens again. keeps askin me to make sure i was loading my cloud data. fix the problem, its getting annoying. nonetheless, great game. also, hate the fact that the game needs to stay online in order to get xp, or else if u race offline, u wont get any. is it just me or is it a bug?
slyoldfox : i've played this for literally years, and keep coming back to it for the fun gameplay and events. however, i am suddenly having to sit through 30 second ads. i've spent enough money on this game and this is unacceptable. if this does not change i will uninstall.
steven farrawell : good game but keep loosing acceleration, do can never beat racers, or track records also require internet upgrade bike
aaron moniz : if you ever played the trials dirtbike game on xbox in the mini game store this game is just like it i was so addicted to it but xbox broke definitely must download this game.
christian dupree : i really wish you could map a controller to the game, along with the ability to purchase an ad-free version. other than that, it's rather fun.
matt stone : freezing up and you lose fuel over a freeze up. also watch adds and don't get anything like it tells u. but the game is very very cool and ill keep playing no matter how much problems it gives me!!!!
dr. drift : excellent graphics, story, and gameplay. runs smooth on my low end galaxy j3. an amazing game, one of the best free to play games i've ever tried. kudos!
sunny jordenson : clear, crisp graphics and characters, easy to follow instructions, challenging yet easy to advance and operate your motorcycle, interesting characters, you can upgrade your motorcycle too....fun for all members of the family!
joseph orchanian : i played this game around the time it came out around 4 years ago, and just now coming back to it recently, i still love it to this day. even with a lot of new features i never knew about in the past.
corina kelly : i updated the game then all my progress got deleted
selgy : it's so much fun graphics are really good game performance aid excellent and just an overall good game
a google user : in the race the oppount player is not falling down and we r falling please imporve that
thomas hunter : lol mama and my sister was gonna talking on my way back in and i he was gonna talking bout about me it is not the same thing to u and i just want to see you and u know i love u too baby i just want to see u and i don't a lot of one of my those things 54
sherry wilburn : great game, love it. they have extras and contests that keep you wanting more
jami viljamaa : great game but the energy runs out so fast
tristanwoof943 games1010 : i've played it a while back. just couldn't resist bringing it back!
tag o star tag : one word amazing game..adventures loaded only requirment is good internet.. for updates
julian cruz : this game is so awesome wen i'm in my car bord
liz post : best free game i've ever had the privilege of playing, two thumbs up!!
blessing 5 : can you please reward me with all of the bikes,coins and gems
prabir biswas : please remove the things that happens when i complete a track.
a google user : its ausome game its better than trils fusion
a google user : great game but i really think the you should add controller support
deante gleaton : great game love the dirt bike sounds makes it more realistic
alireza shirkhani : still tha same bug in the opening
alex mirica : it's good but i can't need a update
hovhannes kagaryan : love this game except for one thing it cant seem to recognize that im connected to ubisoft almost all the time and in result i cant move forward in the game
neal denniel cruz : nice game , great gameplay and has a good graphics ... amazing
dragonborn997 : it's sort of fun but the characters look weird
a google user : i love this game it is awsome
arthur camello : its so good game ever my life
abhiamal 2brothers : cool game at all super graphics and good sfx
girish sharma : one of the best bike riding game i ever played
a google user : good overall add more stuff to unlock bluebrints
avinash : super graphics very exciting to play every track
iqbal ahmed khan : i had a demo in my xbox it was very nice
ryan jerz : very entertaining. like the progression of the levels. good game play
josh bertram : lot of replay value, tons of fun
jorge munoz : great game while being toasted.
junior leon : make it easier to make diamonds an coins
a channel : great graphics and game play, but this not an offline game...
girish gupta : very good game i have the jackal
jake roblox and fortnite and more games : i think is a good game but my gams
mario : it is a pretty good game i love it
a google user : now that's how you make a game!
potato man : it's the best game with hungry shark
lil' beat : i loved the game until i connected to ubisoft the game restarted
guneet singh : just love this game, really entertaining game
saquib rahman khan sk : i like the bikes and the control and garfic
dalyus bmg : great game and saves data from device to device love it
parth kaushik : awesome and fantastic and graphic its awesome
chhy seng : really cool thank you o
brudduh bingus : all in all its a great game
kirk sherrod : great story line and fun upgrades
aditya dutta : thank you for making a best graphic & smoothest controlling game for mid range or low end devices........ it's worked well in every midrange android phones.... loved the game...
a google user : it's good for time pass
jayden mathis : i think it's amazing b
jason pedersen : love this game! very addicting!
james willie : great game. time consumer.
dontbeasimpontwitch : i love this game so great!!!!
ricky indragiri aunurrofieq : addictive game.. let the stars speak..
vamsi nalluri : best racing race...best trails ever!
foxytrap gaming : an outstanding game! download it!!!
linna root : i love it!!! life changing
singher akmal khan : i love this game
a google user : abdullah is the best player
a google user : it is a wonderful game
sidhart khurana : i love this game...
leigh anna h : play this game everyday!
julian rosales soccer ife : awesome i love it
farha choudhary : my brothers love this game
anuj sharma : too addictive.
a google user : keep up the good.work
serb zoro : i love this game
abolarin bukola : simply amazing and unique
jenny lopez : it is so cool
kim hughes : pretty cool game
a google user : its a cool game
shane baughman : very fun and addicting
tony ferguson : great game
saad ahmad : never install this please
a google user : great game
gregorius andika : great games
jason gonzalez : great game
blackniumred : cool game
stacey : really good
c.g.a. 23 : awesome i love it
mighty coolest : game is to good
somerdawn kerns : its cool
youtube13 player : love the game
a google user : smoother
austin o'neal : pay to play though lol
spaceout_samurai : it's ight
tahir yousuf : i like this game this action game
moody osama : it is butiful game
haidan yonardi : new graphics
shikha vijaywargiya : ubisoft are just making best games but i think that this game needs a good story then only this game will be in a good lead but ubisoft i need a game which has high graphics like gta 5 and it should be of 5-6 gb free then see how the game will become famous like clash of clans and popular like gta 5. i am not comparing your games from others but i am just making ubisoft a best game company or like that
christopher garibay : it's a fun game that can keep you entertained for hours. the concept is simple enough and each track has different levels of difficulty. there's also ample opportunity to earn to level up and earn new bikes.
rohit dadhich : this game is really awesome every bike lover like me will surely gonna love this game. i em very addicted to this game it is really awesome
fernando miranda : this free to play formula really worked well with the trials franchise, you guys did a good job on making it fun even for free users.
chris cogsdell : best game ever love it the only sad part is that i'm done with the story really wish they would add more challenges would be nice
a google user : awesome game, can play for hours. just need to make it easier to get diamonds and more fuel. other than that best bike game on google play!
glenn parsons : my only issue is since this latest update my full screen no longer works. everything is way to big. i'm using the s8 please fix the issue.
kadoodle carter : i thought this was a great game thanks ubisoft for giving me something to do when i'm bored lol
a google user : bro heart touching locations and cool mind game just guysdownload this game feel happy love it
werepat : stands the test of time, but badly needs an update or a sequel, just to extend the story.
zachary wilson : unique, challenging, captivating and extremely entertaining all in one. a great distraction and fun way to pass some time!
doctor obscure : nice little addition to the trials universe of games, watch out for those microtransactions, as always, but possible without them.
a google user : i've played many of these types of games, but this is by far the best i've played. great graphics and story.
ganesh rajput : great graphics & wonderful story line thank you so much for this creation love you guys its just addicting
a google user : the game is fantastic as i would say best bike racing challenging, best graphics, and best league ubisoft have made a best games
a google user : very nice game very good graphics there is no thing in this game that you don't love this game
sherrie spratt : i down loaded this to get a trials frontier shark baby in hungry shark evolve for short in that
essam gamer : excellent physics like ps3 games physics and good graphics. .!
hking28 scoots : it is a very good idea to make sure but the control is not good
atif fazal : not working fine on fullscreen mode on s8+
ronald kapotsa : its kinda funny and everything about it its great l love it
chows : one of, if not, the best mobile i've ever played
raul sanchez : the best game ever have to hide my uncles phone
a google user : nice to play with the free kick is delivered to your inbox join the conversation without any other way round of
madhav 225 : no words to telll its just like awsome
jaseena najeem : oh man freak game loved it ...give it a thousand stars
a google user : it is fun challenges u to do ur best love best game ever
a google user : kicks ass pretty cool game almost like the xbox version
bad prateek : this is the world's best game and what a graphics are very awesome please download this game
k den : thus game is amazimg highly recommend it basically trails fusion on your phone its awesome!
ziggy stardust : id sell my wife and step bastards for this game!!!
abhirup : one of my favourite game.... controls and story is very easy to understand
brianna the awesome girl : the graphics are really good and the way it just is intense it's just crazy
dark runken : so funny when i got crashed and so cool
rishi mulchandani : this is the best game in the world i have ever seen
a google user : i love this games so much ok it's so good riding game
a google user : excellent but please do not take internet connection for upgrading the bike
nazrulislamnaz8 naz : this game is so good i cqn play it all day
dragos fire : this is the best game i have played in a year five stars
debbie blanchard : it is a good game but maybe have a new bike for starters
alberto gonzalez : beautiful beautiful perfect time killer thanks to the creators good job
swagy swine12234 : my favorite race game other than happy wheels i like the gamr
tarun kumar : i loved it great game graphics is also good adventure game nice game
j g : this is one of my favorite games to kill time.
atul antil : very good game but it have a lot of ads during play
manas ranjan behera : what a adventures game ,i like it.
gamel mcghee : best trials game besides trials the original version on xbox 360
seema gupta : best biking game i ever played but i only have one problem about connection my wifi is working but it is not connecting to the game it always say unable to connect
deunni rivers : it ws amazing funny endings loved it
rahul singh : it's nice concept . story is amazing . i think you'll improve control
chandra nakka : excellent game. i really enjoyed it. thanks a lot for designing this game.
movies 4 u : amazing app i loved it fantastic controls n graphics
hector poop : i like this game so much this is the best game i ever plates
robert ward : lots of fun, many different missions to complete which keeps it interesting
a google user : this is a awesome game!! this is just like trials fusion
v. k pathak : i like this game a lot this is amazing and addicting game
a google user : it's amazing game and interesting game it tells us about how to stunt
christy eppes : i'm sure you will love it
vijyyshav jeet : i am very excited to play this game
hemanth babu asokan : how do we enable the in app purchases
s arya : best game i've played in a while (on mobile)
antdawg0 : what i think this a great game but you guys need to have a higher chance for the wheel to get something good
shubhankar kumar : it is very good game really good graphic
ern3sto16 : is just so cool and awesome.
donald limoges : it's awesome it has lots of fun
sarah cowgill : awesome game you should get it
tamya mitchell : love it good game think you
hackerman : honestly an amazing game and its really challenging
pratiyush singh : i am surprised in very good game
andrew chesterman : quite a good game i like it anyway
antwine estes : really great game to play for all ages
sandeep krishna : its an awesome game... really interesting game
besso mj elblasi : i love this game keep update
awesome wiz : why that much bad reviews .....its a good game than i expected reaaly nic controls and nice graphics and yaa nice concept ... really having fun with it...:-)
appycampa : have been playing for several months, almost on a daily basis....great challenge.....new challenges pop up all the time keeping it interesting..........would like to see bike upgrades happen a bit quicker without having to pay too much cash.....would highly recommend..
theboiisdatbest : i think its so dum
a google user : i love the characters , specially my fan
arsalaan rehbar : this is a amazing game i love this game . but this game is data game
richard twigger : fun game, great way to pass time
smart gameing & pro shooter : t his game is awesome i like this game
irineo rodriguez : the first time i played it it was cool
a google user : this is the nicest game i have ever played
mora : nice game ubisoft i like ubisoft game like farcry.rayman.assasincreed. very nice game i like ubisoft
jonathan pimento : ubisoft always makes great games no doubt.thanks ubisoft
bhavin mayani : nice one...look and....the.....fog are so...much looking for night time
a google user : it progressively gets harder as you play.
srijan sharma : the most interesting part is "the end" of each race..loved it!!!
a google user : nice game play you should play it
a google user : friends super game it pleases game
abhisek banerjee : amazing gamee !!!! after prince of persia this one is the most awsome game by ubisoft ..... well done ubisoft ....!!!
learn games : very good game! love it!
ankit thakur888 : pele's i have win
greatwhite2 : one of the best games ever!!!!!
sam son : this game is fun for me
anthony : i really like the game but why is there a lives system!!!!!!
a google user : good game . good luck with the game
a google user : loved it.and very interesting
pavan raviteja : it was awsome but i need more risk.....
a google user : the best game ever i have played great time killer
a google user : i love this game !
lori young : it's a good one
mohammad azam : awesomeness at its best..
a google user : absolutely perfect
ankit saini : this is very strong game
ak chaudhari : really good game....
river coulson : this game is so fun
drr ghostin : better than gameloft games
kabir singh : best bike racing app
suyash : cool game interesting recommended
suchismita gharai : best motoracing game for mobile
gaurav j baruah : very good and exiting game
gaming deewane : it is an awesome game 1
robert fulton : i love thia game
a google user : awesome u should download it
a google user : this is nice game arfath
a google user : its a pretty cool game
rupendra kushwah : nice game very entertaining
a google user : good graphics nice game
a google user : it is a very good game
a google user : addictive!!
a google user : loved it a lot
mahesh waran : awesome game very very addictive
vishal kunwar : it's good
mamta joshi : you fools ask for our opinion?
legendarykingz : it's awesome
ryon robinson : it's awesome
fritz am cordero : this is awesome...
a google user : the controls are good............
a google user : challenging and have a journey
sunitha dias : very nice game
smart boy dhiren keerty : i love this app
a google user : nice game awesomeness
rafik vicchi : i love this
a google user : it is nice game
a google user : nice game play
seanpaul lawrence : very good and addicting
semaj wise : loved it since the release
zombie master : i love the game
mansar sk : it is interesting game
deep patel : this is amazing game
omprakash batham : love this game
william lucas : very easy to play
franck teves : this game is awsome
isreal garza : good and fun to play
amtez singh : it is a nice game
mohit kumar : very beautiful game
a google user : my favourite game
archana dagara : the game is fabulous
a google user : thik thak hai timepass
void gaming : tell us what you think
a google user : super game awesome game
trip see : this games is great
sohail khan : the best game
a google user : this is very goooooood
sujal rajput : very good excilent
bhawna khatri : very nice game
arjit singh 02 : its awesome game
kennenth sauls : it is a fun game
harivesh arya : very nice game
savage kid : great game
julious shannon : great game
considered memes : it is great
shea watson : great game
ashish rai : really good
a google user : it is cool
i t a c h i : doop and fun
wahyu saul : love this game
juan juarez : this game is ok
ryan 1k : beast
alex menchaca : awsome game
sameeraj vijayraj : good timepass
john bazan : it is cool
surya : loved the game
bloated marshmallow : great game
somesh kawade : graphics are nice
molina'sracing autoshop : great game
jewles johnson : very addictive
a google user : cool
md afroz : crazy' ridings
yosafat elim : addictive
eliyas shaikh : cool
ghufran khan : loving it
george lopez : it's a blast
yamen anaya : i will not write
a google user : this game is addicting to play
atd legend gaming : it's ok
a google user : wast, wast,............
a google user : why license
outlaw kimbrell : to much loading
lilferdo57 coolduds : it is
sahil gaikwad : tails frontier
alka blecha : bhavesh valecha
henry rk : grate and
jaswanth gadde : this game is super
eva : it is aswome
big bubble sixty nine : boss
david hutchings : very addictive game that doesn't try to suck the money out of your wallet...
keith templar : this is a good port of the trials series. i do own trials fusion and working for that special rider suit but it has a great story even if not completed so i recommend this to people who love the trials series. edit: i just found input lag and it is making the game unplayable please fix
william nunnelee : hey guys so here's the thing. i downloaded a game and had to reach castle level 7 for a gem bonus.(400+) went thru all that bs and got nothing. please give me my jewels
sophie : i think it is a very fun and adicting game. i love that every time you get to the finish your character gets hurt in some kind of way.
myth knowledge : i've been playing this game for a few years now and i love it, nothing compares. i decided to earn myself a few gems today by starting a 14 day trial with now tv. but i haven't received any gems. so now after the 14 day trial, i will pay for the subscription and be at a loss... where is my reward? and where is the "contact us" option in this game?
eric muchemi : i absolutely loved this game. the persistent hacker problem - them filling leaderboards such that there's no point of trying your best, was the fly in the ointment.
mohd azizi : this game is amazing so far as a mobile game. it has crafting, completing quest to unlock new track and bike and unique sort of npcs
jonathan black : love playing this game. there is a glitch though. when i'm in a showdown and win a race, it doesn't credit me with the victory.
kingog kush18 : the game is fun but y'all gotta take some of the adds off they appear in the middle while i'm playing
dead man : i wish the makers of this game would make a track editor and let other people play posted tracks...plz and thank you
piyush yadav : the game keeps on crashing after installing the in game downloads the app requested for. the game screen starts till verifying download and then it force stops. tried clearing cache but still no luck
esai gomez : it won't give me my old account anymore if u want to restore it my account is mister i had the mantis
a google user : awesome game no adverts you can pay money to get advantages but you can still win without paying. some games almost force you to pay if you want to do well.this game is very well made
u : everything is nice and cool but the amount of ads shown are insane! edit:(27 december 2017) the ads are now in normal amounts and the game is still lovely and i love how they add so much to this aswell
bobby c : i'm done. i've been playing for a couple of years now and i cannot play anymore due to the incredible amount of bugs. gas and lean buttons won't respond at the worst times. i can't even get through my showdowns anymore. uninstalling. alert me when it's fixed.
david e : doesn't get any better. played for 3 years and you can play without paying but in order to keep up with all tracks and bikes it has become pay to win. that is the only downside and would be an epic game if it wasn't p2w
demetrius addison : best game i ever downloaded on my phone ever in my life i never had such a good game that i enjoy it so much i am addicted to this game i enjoy this game so much that i even play it when i'm in my class i said that's all you guys are reading this download this phone download this game now it is totally amazing you wouldn't regret it download this game now! so please just download this amazing game
james peters : really enjoy this game. it's challenging and the races are never too long to fit in a little play while waiting somewhere.
cody pena : love this game, just wish someone could show me how to transfer my save data from my ipad to my android. i'd play it so much more.
matt n : fun for ages. brilliant graphics and controls. ever expanding map of courses. great balance of time to play and rewards for that time. multiple ways to play that don't all use your 'fuel' before you have to wait to play again. no need for iap unless you want to be top of the leader board asap. i love this game
a google user : easy to play, controls slow at times, other then that great story line and good game..
uphere yt : the game doesnt load it just stays at a blank screen for like an hour i tried rebooting my phone it still doesn't work
rob jones : odinvanvliet is currently cheating in the bunker! realtime evidence so do something about it! check out both of our times!!
sic psychopathic : ive been a big fan of the trials games for quite a while now. it's cool to be able to play one of these on the go or while you're waiting on something. trials frontier is a great game. the controls are fine for being a mobile game, but it's much easier using a controller for these types of games.
luke dyer : keep winning in the bunker and midnight circuit but not giving me the win, very annoying. brilliant game else wise
joe mcfarland : great time killing game, wish there wasnt so many micro transactions though.
a google user : i loved the game because you can upgrade your bike and not only that, it was so much fun too
hiradc : best mobile app ive consistebtly played and kept coming back to due to new content. great community
tamara moody : this game is so much i can't stop playing it.
a google user : y'all have in this game the motorcycle bike and i just got a new piece of the bike thank you and i like this game i forgive you and i like this game i forgive you
a google user : the game is awesome better than most i've played lots of tracks but when out of gas if u bump one wrong thing when on the screen where u can pay dimonds for gas if u bump the screen when at that point your beat it takes the dimonds it doesn't say are you sure u wish to spend 20 dimonds it just takes them i've been beat 2 times because of that but other then that one of the best dirt bike games i've played honestly ever
viral patel : playing for last 2 years or so and still addicted best game to play
fireplayer nic : five stars bc i have every single trials game and now they made trials frontier 4 mobile devices, i mean come on that is just aaaaaaaaawwwwwwwweeeeeeeesssssssssooooooooooommmmmmmmmmeeeee
cory pierce : there isnt any free gift to claim in the special offers part of shop i got a message for...weak..proly aint worth nothin anyway...thanx for the great free game though..
skelirous - : its one of the best games i've ever played and the controls are fantastic. rated this 5 :)
a google user : its kind of stratigy and not at the same time but this game is extrimely fun
david luna : i am fully enjoying this game and dont want to put it down.
theo reed : really nice game but i hate the lag when ever i am playing even outside of a race it lags so bad so when i am in a showdown the lag happens and i lose the showdown and also when i update the game i still have to download content wich takes about 30 minutes its ridiculous.
a google user : great gameplay not too many advertisements i recommend this game
a google user : it's a great way to pass time. and i truly feel that it's the perfect mixture of challenge fun and strategy!
zac davidson : awesome time-killing fastpasted racing.. give it a 10-10
simon ward : great game!compared to the games i play this is one of the best download it ,!
sam feinberg : fun game easy play acts just like a real dirt bike
a google user : really fun! just enough interactive to make it unique and different. great work guys
ava franck : omg i love this game plus if you the hungry shark evolution game and this one you can get a baby trails frontier shark
a google user : awesome game thank you so much for this but can you put a girl that would be great and make everything freethanks
brisco cooper : didnt think it was going to be fun,but once you get in there its a challenge.great gameplay, user friendly.keep up the good work.....
a google user : awsome game should be easier to get daimonds but awsome game none the less :)
andre lopez : i love this game so much it has awesome graphics and every thing else is great in this game
cringe king : stoped working on my phone plz fix it i love this game so please fix it for me i rated 5 stars so please i beg you to fix it please
stephanie mayer : i think its a really good gamart and i like it alot
a e : i like this game its cool and awesome it's the best motorcycle game i played
chad stopyak : love the game, can't wait to see what's next in the updates
v3du : a very good game and very good graphics . i give this game full 5 stars
geeown tamoong : i love it good game but balance is not good maintain balance other wise it is good game
triple c : it's a good game but my dude keeps wanting to go back
enclave soldier : i love it because it got me the trials baby in hungry shark evolution
biswajit roy : it,s a very awesome game i have ever played in android from ubisoft
phillip kentner : it's a good game to play with and i think it would be a good idea to have a good time with the game
ksj1865 : get hungry shark evo and you get a reward for playing this game and hungry shark evo
a google user : love the game but it constantly thinks there is no internet connection and i have to restart the game
capones friend : great game was a fav on xbox now its on my phone its just as much fun
saxon mcgee : its amazing how they made the i loved it and recamend you to get it
sue powell : it shouldn't flip on its own
a google user : i love the game and all trials games but for a mobile game it is great
nicholas green : please don't ever stop supporting this game!!
brondell : cool but could use other bikes and choose other gear
freddy bouchard : playing since almost 5 years a 10min everyday now...great fun!
arjun floriano : first bike game i have ever seen that have story. thanks ubisoft
polly hannah : good gameplay, mini trials!
lance svederus : anyone who wants a good adventure game. look no further.
sight : its jst awesome .. i loved it
mohamed shafik : not bad but some times good
gayle kinard : i loved it. it was a good game thanks for inviting the game.
gloria rosscup : i it is like the old days
eric zepeda : i really liked this game fu. campian and fun multipayler
anush sanil : one of the best playstore games. i can play it for hours and hours.
michael osteen : fun fast game seems simple enough for anyone
mark saw : great game good graphics just got the tango
a google user : it fun free cool car game loved it
vinay acharya : one of the best game ever played
travis giusti : great game, graphics are awesome, a great game to pick up and play and pass the time 5/5 *****
senan damyuka : great game it's very natural
keno bradford : i love this game addictive i have played it for a while .
jakob santos : a charming addition to the trials series.
flynn faust : it's amazing for something made by ubisoft.
a google user : its amazing game love to ply
a google user : fun and addicting i love it very very very fun
russ matthews : best trials game ive ever played
oscar camacho : its a fun game you should play it
a google user : the best game ever made in the world
donzell moore : need little upgrade it very good game
daniel moquin : it is a good game but a little lagy
mark alvin bukenya : the best bike game there is!
james aleck : lot of game's and this one is awesome to play
indie keegan : great mobile installment in the trials series!
showkat hossain : nice game. good time passing.
zeeshan siddiqui : i want the bmw f 800 gs
rizki novali : nice graphics n story,, recommended
josh henry : been playing for some time. love it yall
a google user : i think ubisoft games are best games in the world
ss ganga bai : this game is the best bike rideing game in the world
jason brewer : fantastic game. needs more maps thoe
that kid stezzo : i like the game it is really good
jordan armstrong : it is cool beat that butch
kevin crum : hello racing and having fun and motorcycles
a google user : it is one of my favorite games
darrell ashwell : love it love it whens the next one
brotherhood of steel : good game 4 out of 5
ever flores : its good make more of this game
omidi ghayouri : its the best game very addictive
minty : i love the game super cool
james carrillo taylor : this game test your skill
andrew delgadillo : its a good. challenging game
sergio pardo : good game. realistic physics.
a google user : please take out the ads please!!!!!
luis perez : i like it because you get to do so much with just a motorcycle
alexander jameson : this is a pretty awesome game.
lil art : it's a awesome game download it
julian martinez : i think it's the best game
alex : it's the world's best game!!
morgan d : it's great love to race
john angelo garcia : i really love this game.
andy wolf : everything shouldn't cost so much to buy....
a google user : this game is soooo....i don't have any word
a google user : it is a grate game and if you don't like it then you story
tk chara dhs : it stared into my soul
a google user : i think you are stupid
a google user : makes me wanna play the other versions on my xbox again.
pixiljuice itme : its fun and simple!!!!
ashwanth ravi : works fine !
rajendra kumar : it's very intersting game.....
chakrapani chakri : it's really awesome
shelly smith : i love this game!
uglythug : frustrating but entertaining.
neil flanagan : completely addictive, love it
bubbs700aolcom : fun game , challenging
dawn liby : great game of the year.
classical zombie gamer : this game is great, but does it have cloud save?
exility : its so cool!!!
jeremy bailey : awesome moto game!!!
a google user : friend showed me game and im hooked
simon george : an awesome game!!!!
emily bowman : i love this game!!!!
kcool guy : i want to change my phone and i don't want to lose all played game and progress. how do i transfer it to a tab or another phablet.
isaiah maldonado : its good
trailer movies : the game very good
neo howard : very nice and really liked
russ johnson : cool hlast crom the past
lupita mendoza : best game of ubisoft for me
bessie woody : really challenging and great graphics
brayan aguirre : such a challenge and really fun
a google user : excellent graphics and a good bikes
azam roslan : hands down one of the best
paaritosh singh : extremely addictive!!!!!
samurai's_goju : it's really good
hannes richter : very nice game very good
tropic fruit : it's good
vk pharmacy : amazing graphics man
jan amberr ausan : awesome,make the game smaller?plsssss?
dharmeshsingh rathoer : it's professional game
ronnie murray : really fun to play
salina chavarria : its fun and cool
a google user : i love this game
a google user : this game is great
kuldeep shekhawat : this game is awesome
escapingsanity2 : having a lot of fun
steven zamora : its fun and cool
tohid a : i love this game
marco moreno : its a cool game
pj landin : i love this game
cenc ored : best game in the world
shun d : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
demarcus baxley : it was great
abdullah - a i-galib : coolest game ever
xxcoolkidxx brown : cool freaking game
a google user : i love this games
star nine fox : great game p
dylan castorena : u need to get the game
alyvia piazza : its a wonderful game
prod. trxlynate : so much to explore!!!
mahesh babu : it is a super games
dylan curtis : it is a some game
a.j. ellis : great game
elysia goodson : one of the best
starlet guy : love this game
elite dusk : cool best
hawaii paradise : love the ride
pat paulsen : awesome thanks
mark rogers : great game
nuk3 kevin the cube : love the game
kaon gladiator : mind blowing
a google user : love this game
a google user : really awesome
danny wallace : great game
gasjglkagnmsa gk;lsamgalkgang : it is great
a google user : this game is the beat game
aditya jasuja : addictive
a google user : cool
stressed out judge boy : cool
tommy hardin : cool
wyatt evans : it's assume
steve williams : this is the rest game ever
a google user : it is supper
thumbinyour bum : free stuff
a google user : epic addicting
sudhi. kahate : think more
mathew lessard : its
ray reeves : i lovet this game! it's frick in awesome!
tavrion collins : this game have goodpocturs and no ads
chad cook : it's good
sidney brown : cool
allen moore : i've been playing this games for a long time. it's gone with me from device to device. i just upgraded to the samsung galaxy s8, and when i try to upload my server account, it says my phone version is older than my saved game version...wth? i'm ranked 5,000 in the world and i need this figured out asap please!!!
gasper koprivec : its a great game,realistic physics and is a great time killer i love it that there are so many quests from different people
a google user : i think this games awesome but they can up the graphics
ozeki app : after the update. the app forcecloses upon opening. xiaomi redmi note 4. snapdragon 625. 4/64 version.
cyber vortex : clash royale and trials frontier are my favorite games on mobile. in trials frontier, you get excellent graphics, an ok story line lots of customization, different bikes, online competitions, and you can really tell how much detail they put into the levels. overall, this game is highly underrated, and should be more popular.
jennifer white : i love the game
r4zor's slaughterhous3 : takes me back. i started playing trials back when trials se first came out. all the way to the newest game. now i can enjoy the same fun on my mobile with the same kickass level design, sweet graphics, physics and the hilarious fails. just wish. the ragdoll was as laugh out loud as on the pc versions. here hes a bit sticky, stiff and less prone to end up in hilarious positions other than that. still 5 star game
og the lizards of wiquor : this game is amazing! it has all the features of a game you desire, has! it's addictive( i don't stop playing until i'm out of fuel.), almost endless(there's always something new every time i get on), and how the game plays is phenomenal(the graphics are great and the physics are awesome). i would recommend this to anyone with some storage saved. this is why i give this game a solid 5 stars! thank you, ubisoft!
claude lamotte : my son and now i play it plays almost like angry birds with all of the gravity affects and all the physics.
ahmed abd elhamed : please increase the quality of graphics more and more like play station 4,if possible.please improve visuals and effects to high degrees.please add cars.please add more new locations like the ice desert and more new bikes.please improve conflicts,encounters,actions,damage,explosions,risks,skills and challenges to be more real,exciting and attractive.please make the game fast and smooth all the time.give me new versions monthly with all improvements.
emmanuel medlock : it's so cool and more 3d and you can do cool tricks with fast bikes work on the people faces they look fake make them move or something or make them talk out there own mouth please in the trails frontier 2 if y'all make it
anup mondal : there is not much in these type of games, but nice effort by you guys on this one, simply great
mahmuda cader : the game is superfun as it has an amazing storyline and stuff. but it is seriously irritating to have it downloading stuff every ither day.
robert youdan : very close to the console versions i've fallen i'm love with over the years. haven't run into any bugs so for a free game it is worth a download.
jimlahey 78 : ugh i lost all my stuff all because i logged into my ubisoft account. the gems i bought and all my stuff is gone now. thanks
the tax consultant : top game .in top 2 games it will be at 1 position and so easy controls my small sister who doesn't like bike riding but she is playing and finished 20 levels. good job make more games like this
mark tehaara : the games fanfreckn cool azz thank you for putting your time and effort in to making such an amazing game graphics to awesome backgrounds and best of all it's free so thank you again and a definite 5 from me. :-) :-)
al zie : fun a d addicting. been playing for a while now and i can't stop
j. b. : highly addictive...best mobile game i've played...i enjoy upgrading the bikes and the challenge of becoming better to improve my times
nikolas jackson : its great but it can be very frustrating abd difficult when doing specific races though
robert pyle : frustrating, fun, awesomely fun game. played something similar years ago on web site called mini clips. good job ubisoft!!!
ynalvis aguilera : i have a suggestion. how bout this... instead of 3rd perosn side view how bout a 1st person view this would make the game so fun! keep up the good work
jordon hicks : been playing this game since release and have been addicted ever since! top 1% of players!!
running hooves : great game played it on and off for a few years , haven't had the problems other seam to but great non the less
daniel wickwire : love this game. really long story line . but it starts to get a little confusing
frank tovar : i like trail fronter cause its dope and the bikes are cool just ish i had a cool bike :(
nayan nahar : best game (bike) i have ever played.the bike is little dicy (unstable)i
request you to please make it more stable in your next update.overall it is
good.
akshat mishra : in love with ubisoft and trials frontier!! awesome awesome job this game has got a good physics i m damn sure every player would love this thing!!
umesh sharma : good graphics wonderful work by ubisoft i think it would be no.1 dirt racing game in play store,windows store and apple store thank you for giving me a heavenly game thank you
strawberry king : if you enjoyed any of the other trials games, excusing the sometimes clunky controls, you will have a lot of fun with this game
larry banks : this game owes me 457 gems that it never gave me rather than that perfect
criticalbasics : this game is amazing and very addicting too its like your riding on a real dirt bike...guys you should definetly download this game cuz its awesome as hell!!!
ravish kamboj : amazing game for stunt bike lovers! the graphics are smooth and offer great intutive control over the whole gameplay. go on guys, this one is a gem !
a google user : beautifully done. awesome graphics. fine controls. yet, somehow, extremely annoying to play. if this is your kind of game, you'll love it.
school time : great game! fun and interesting enough to keep going! love it! the controls are nice and the settings to change the sound and other options is really great!
tdi : it's awesome the control's are very easy but you can crash a lot
sandesh aryal : show me what you got cause this game is pretty smooth mann god save us all
gerald proctor : great way to spend time... great game and simple graphics with easy controls make it a great game for all ages
kacey packwood : the best game ever played on phone and are tablet. iv been playing over 2 years
falloutzen : this gane is an awesome game who cares of the haters and love it
ugonma waboso : awesome game play great story awesome graphics ,best bike game this phone has ever had
xsii : its great a little difficulties but in the end its flat out awesome
joshua thorne : i have no words to describe it
khalid ashraf : this game can't be described it's simply amazing
aron fay : one of the best mobile games of all time. i'm playing through a second time now.
53_alamgir khan : the game is just awesome....amazing graphics and controlls with a good story
saugat magar : everyone should absolutly try this game its worth it.not much to say see for yourself
kalpesh tandel : this game is my one of the favourite game...........n please subscribe my youtube channel n like videos and share who will my videos they will get gifs
szay14's vlogs : its very perfect i love it so much i cant stop playing
russ and amanda mayled : this game is awesome i used to play this game on my old ipod .
tom milligan : love the game but it won't load after the most recent update.
juan miguel songco : wow this game got better before nice u guys i'm proud
never die : give me the best game ever bro i like it you are so creative as well the ow part
kr raja : no words to say..its awesome
programmedfordamage : all the fun of trials in interesting, bite-sized tracks. highly recommended.
sulochana poojary : excellent game i have not seen this type of game i like it very much
luzviminda rosillon : i like the game but when i finish the aqueduct. it starts to download something!!
santosh awasthi : good graphics i want to tell you please don't download this game
demetrius damarcus jameson bartholomew the 3rd jr : i love this game but you need lots of fuel for one race
a google user : excellent game but was big memory game additional file i download total 678mb game
lisa french : itts a easy a game not bad funny and good fun game
dimitrios lange : cool game recommend getting it before you haft to buy it xd
eddie burke : rilly addicting if u love motocycle games awsome to play
krs- plays : thats very nice game there are many adventure best graphics
a google user : osm game guys great graphics and sound all about osm game i love this
hkl ksoft has better aim than hkl solo : i like the fact you have to use strategy
a google user : your game is awesome and your events are fair this game is not a play to pay game
ahmed fteita : since last update the game crashes alot!!
flash parker : hello. thank you for your best support and your best games for all platforms. i love you ubisoft
hardeepsinh chudasama : we enjoying this game.but we need more and more stages for more fun.thnk u
avnish goriyan : it so nice game and good graphic i like this game
william bryan : this game is nuckin futs, very entertaining, good job
ayesha lakmali : i love you the game one time i delete the game and i forgot the name and i search and search and found the game so now i am so happy
brc allehpur bijnor : it is a very fantastic game i love to play this game it is a very good game and i also give advice to other people to play this game
a google user : i love how you chase butch.he is so easy to beat.
johnny williams : fun and challenging at the same time. thumbs up!
prakasam thirumal : it is a very good game and i loved it
tyson cutler : amassing game great and the best bike game i have ever played
squid boy2244 : this game is the best game i ever played.it's epic
saurav biswas : awesome game.. great job ubisoft
marshall lange : great trials game very smooth its perfect
random youtube user : there should be a screen touch control which isn't allowed by this game
i i : i love it.. but it has to be optimization
aniket : awesome game but some changes needed to be done on this game.
dhaka rocks : this is most wonderful game i have ever seen...
renaldi aetmon : one of the best from ubisoft. keep it up!
a google user : it's a wonderful game and it's levels are very detailed and fantastic
liljoker : ive been playin this fame for awhile and it still good
a google user : this game is very amazing i loved this game
sandesh yadav : i really like this game , this is an awesome game don't miss this game
a google user : asome i saw the game rating and download it
heather crowley : it is sow fun it mack's me speech liz
king wolf : it's a really good time killer
sreebhuvanesh 08 : i love this game wonderful graphics
silent : this game is really well made and addiction
cameron kuehn : it is a nice game but really hard to control
dharminder singh : best time spending game, love it
raymond reynolds : love this game it's so fun u got to try this game
izzike6 : it's a great time killer and game
elyas mohammadi : it's very good game
harold bell : i love this game you shold make a secound game of this.
a google user : i loved the background music and bikes voice
wayne swanepoel : great game keep the good work coming
a google user : superbbb game trials frontier great graphics
patrick nyong : thanks for your work god bless you
abhi nav : the storyline is great and i love the controls too
jeevan alexander : the best game i ever played
efty h : wow awesome game i love it thank you
chirag ganiga : i really love this game awesome
eros jimenez : i really liked it guy s
may may : this game is amazing ! enough said
arti arti : it's good and very well. interesting also.
gevanni gordon : it's great make of em
jonathan rosas : i would shoot some one in the face just to play this game
gage ratliff : it's good if it came on
neha singh : very nice racing game it graphics is nice
tudor v : when i open the game it closes again.can someone repair this.
alberto aponte : its a cool game, i enjoy playing it
daniel pelletier : awesome for suspending my mind race after race
a google user : this is a very good game is injoing game
pranjal jaiswal : all things are good so cool
manohar singh : game is good. but need to be off road
anshul kumar : i love so much this app
a google user : greatest game ive ever played
a google user : love it the game play so amazing
pastel narwhal : its like evolution but better
a google user : thanks again for all of zoom z
francis rashwinder.s : good game and graphics awesome nice
jagjeet singh : i love these type of game
a google user : trully .i like this game so much a fabulous game
modabbir islam : very exciting game ever, nice graphics
bidyutkanti behera : good graphics and nice game play
a google user : it's very fun to play
brenda rand : hmm i don't know
travell mccarty : best game on the market a must have !!
arsenio flores : rush and will be crashed!
rico js : ! ubisoft. ! !
bill nye the science guy hampton : call a good game and a good time killer
kaysha parkos : game was so awsome so much action
dennys diaz : cool game to play when high .
kuldeep singh bhati : great time killer addictive game!!
raiyan alam : an great bike racing game
vishwas chandorkar : if you don't have a bike dowload the game
sohel rana : this is best motor game in the world ...i love it...i playing all time
stephen leech : trials frontiers . can't foult it . perfect to play . thank you .
a google user : it's a pretty cool game
srujan r : wonderful game to play,good entertainer!!!!!
shamit lawania : finally got something to hang on...... asta lovoista baby
mehul sharma : its & actual controller bick game in the world....
kyle raymond : well made and fun to play!
a google user : best game i have ever played... #trials frontier...
monica arguelles : this game is the best out of all of my games
a google user : i love this game it's a great tim3 killer!!!!
pravin rodriguez : best game to play...but fuels get over soon...!!!
gowda nithin : i wana play this game ...... but this game isn't working
sinoj kumar : perfect game, loved
guru prasad : very good..game bro
aditya kumar : i love it this app and best control!! oh! ye###
maju thomas : i like it by this game.this game was amazing.this is really good and so its amazing
mohammad alamin : love it so much.
jonathan calhoun : great graphics!!! wonderful story!!! awesome job. keep it up.
hyzer : love this game... nice graphics... keep improving the game dev!
denny neelamkavil : i like it very much;but this game needs a lots of data
sajeevsn sajee : this is a excellent game... i really enjoying it...
a google user : it's really nice
sans the killer boss : thd best game...simply
eugene nyarko aniagyei : it's awesome, and great.
a google user : i love this game.lol.
steve knobbe : great game!
ujjwal mukherjee : world's best game
kyle hurt : it's a great game
a google user : i loved this game
shawn brumby : it is fun and funny.
ezekiel beckett : it is a awsome game.
landon havard : its really fun.
ruben reyes : great addictive game!
a google user : the grafhics was nice.
faisal ansari : i love this game i am sooo ............... ................. ............... ............. .........
tanish verma : wow this game is very real game
robert andrei : ubisoft is awesome!
debdulal dhar : a good game by ubisoft
ganta krishna rao : it is really good game
a google user : it is very nice game
christian vargas : this game is really cool
lucidrm : i love the game...
ganesh kumar kumar : i love this game amazing
a google user : very good graphics and control
a google user : very very nice game
christopher avendano : this game is so cool
phoinex jackson : love the game and good graphics
bhapinder khatodia : this is best game of bike
kamal tiwari : it is better than the other
juan peter sonnenberg : i love the game and controls
e e : this is a very good game
andrew blackwood : i really like this game
tyler cole : i very fun to play
mamta hasam : bmw os really fun
pro killlers first : this game is very cool
riya yadav : mujhe ye game bohot pasand aaya isme bohot bike h bohot updragde h isme multiplayer mode h par ye ek download mangta h jisme ye boat time leta h
ushan kavinda deshapriya : i love this game..
dikshpreet singh : lucky the razer.
anurag singh : lots of fun with this game
jullian sterling : it's good
joe littlecreek : it's awesome
ritik bhagat : chale tab toh btaee...
_ ghoby : it's cool
a google user : good app
a google user : this game is awesome
abdullah-ee-023 : this is a great game
a google user : my favourite game
ravi kamad : the best game
mateo skeets : this game is addictive
flor solano : is very cool
fw sai yt : it is cool game
wobble wainwright : enjoying this game a lot
lucas casal : i love the game
a google user : this game is wonderful
a google user : very nice game
a google user : happy thank you
a google user : just awesome to play
a google user : i love this game
racoon ginger : fun and exciting game
riyaz sayyad : good control and graphic
sanju bhattacharya : it is a very good
sameer kumar : a must try game...
ashir khan : i love this game
a google user : i love the game
yoza wiranda : great motocross game
a google user : gharpics is good
prem kumar patra : love this game
jesse james : great game
a google user : nicee game
a google user : it is nice game
super sanic : make an other game
a google user : this game is asome
a google user : the game is super
a.c. : its really addicting
a google user : i loveb this game
atom p : epic in every way
joseph widener : the best
mogodiri herman : great game
a google user : it is great
a google user : awesome fun
ahmad baihaqi bin ahmad jaidi : addictive cock
matt myers : totally fun
indian hacker : nice game is this
kylo pig 52 : it is great
a google user : nicely game
plzmebeatz deezythadevilproductions : great an addictive
a google user : this is the best
sameer kr singh : awesome great
daniel o. : great game
james garrett : its awesome
nakisha young : cool
a google user : cool
sebnstu woodchat : cool
mr. g : cool
meghna verma : addictive
d gould : get rid of the energy
ozne o : to many ads tho
mohit kaushal : that game is so goodd
joshua justice : it's ok
afroz s : too long tutorials...
kousal kishor yadav : very very super game
nate crook : on deadwood valley when you are supposed to find the piece of candy at the end of the level, it's not there. its the last piece of candy i need to get and there is nothing there so i can't move on with the candy missions. please fix.
tatanswrld : it's asome
sirish siri : fcuk the game
chandra gk : bmw boombbastic
a google user : this is real game
a google user : funb for thumb
a google user : boss game
alvister almeida tybbaca : nothing
jeffery keithley jr. : addicting
rickydean dean : thanks
mando white : addicting
adam hathcock : adicting
renada fortune : first sometimes the prize wheel don't to spin and it takes away fuel p.s both games force exit all of the dang time. this was before i change into a better person about a year ago but any way i total love game and it's working perfectly fine. but not the prize wheel bug hope you read the review before the change then it will make things clearer you see. anyway i love the game.
wolfenstein : i think its awesome for kids up to 6 to 40 years old and it has great
graphics, solution for many ads turn off your wifi dummy.
david bonner : really fun motorcycle game, but half the things you can do (like bike upgrades) are failing with a "you must be connected to the internet" message. hoping it's something they fix quickly.
siddesh kelkar : cool game. please keep on updating with new stuffs. every time we are waiting for a new update with lots of new challenges.
chris belmar : it's a great game only thing is i didn't get sum tickets i purchased because of online problems the game keeps having
vee an : i other this game by shark evolution but this is lit i just love it and it's fun and cool no wifi needed
kingpistolpete garside : only one problems can only see one person on facebook and can't see my other friends or times .
srizon : this game is amazing! great time killer, love the graphics, there is an intense storyline, customizable features, easy to control. overall a nice game. definitely recommend this.
shaun hutton : the game u need its defo n the top5 still haven't received 44 gems for doing the blurry cars quiz. it's been 4 days now
jeremy dasilva : this is way better than trials evolution, and it's just an app! wish i could play this on pc against friends
brian pulley : this game is hella fun! it's challenging and i haven't gotten bored like the flippy knife game.
madhu kural : addictive nice game but needs some improvements .it can be good after some improvements. i think it is the best game i have ever played especially its amzing!
carmella pitaro : very puzzling and the character you play as looks really cool i think it's funny to
cameron minkley : very very good game for those who engoy ubisoft's trials fusion or trials evolution i strongly suggest getting this as it is a portabable version and might even be better because it has a story line. this game is another reason why ubisoft is in tied 1st for my favourite video game producer
ivan fridley : the game is good but you owe me gems i bought 200 hundred gems and didn't receive them
keaton braack : this is a very awesome game and i like the games made by ubisoft and i can not wait for the following games to come.
t g : great game. never a short supply of fierce competition. thank you for fixing the ad bug fellas. love this game.
kast : this game love it if this game get 1 billon people playing it i might pass out
jayson : well its pretty good that you make a 3d games like this make more so will improve it alot!!
riley woodard : its a good game it has no ads its great
joe sutton : issue with ads seems resolved. thanks.
gary lee shong : amazingly addictive. perfect difficulty progression.
sandro yankovski : gameplay is smooth, story is fun, graphics are great. a perfect game
nikhil patidar : an amazing game with impressive storyline. could work a bit on the stunt controls.
taunya baker : i am a dirtbike racer and its hard to find good dirtbiking games but i love this one
jacob stephen : good game. although you need to pay to play all the time
jacob mallard : fun and addictive game lots of fu n havent had it long already love it
sarath k : great game good graphics everyone must download this game need places like snow
yadhu krishnan k.j. : awesome game but hard controls also gameplay is average but graphics is good and good story
a google user : best bike racing game ever it is better than moto x 3m
sin roy : reminds me of an old game called elastomania but good fun to play
austin atkinson : it is amzing and full of physics and itnismjust do good i love it is a kid friendly game i love it
gul shinwari : best game on google play but not then clash royale
djgaming 4907 : this game was way better than i thought nice job
dominic ng jun tsiang : i love the sound effect tho, it's pretty dope
snehashis gharai : this is why ubisoft is the best game developer. excellent grapics , best gameplay for a stunt race game and the controls are really innovative. the bike upgradations are also cool. ubisoft keep it up......
daksh aggarwal : its great please download ! best bike game !
saroj punkaj : graphics could be a bit better ,but it's cool
brycen denning : i love trials, this is a great mobile version.
mr wolf t_t : great game it is really fun to play alot
oded. kumin : great work this game not lag and very smooth
snazzygreen : really fun when you have nothing to do
brayden boss : the game is weird but good its tough
faith nicole : love this game its well worth the time to play
rhonda green : the game is awesome the graphics are good very good game
marsha vaz : it's awesome game i love it very much
jaimin parmar : feel like a rider. just download it guys.
seth kamel : pretty good game, easy to play
deba ghosh : just awesome, mind blowing game
james blackburn : easily one of the best games available for android
shamus : this is such a fun game it's so addicting
tom rowell : lots of fun. sort of rpg meets excitebike
jdz playa list : its trials hd with a sence of humor, love it
nadil nemitha : amazing game with good graphics. keep it up
a google user : not opening my mobile this game
znakemaster : great game, but lacks controller support
vaibhav gupta : was a good experience. great game for timepass
big g : this game is awesome it take patince and yes is awesome
subscribe toh kr do yr : best game and i love its graphic awesome game
aditya singh : lots of fun, gameplay is excellent, loved it
anar mamedzade : good morning everyone it's good game
jeremy rodgerson : i love the bikes spray paint
gokul gs : good nice game best bike game. creative
eldar ganjgo : awesome, very fun and involving
creepy8 um : free piece of map, i like it
a google user : downloaded it for hungry shark.
angela powell : a must have for any bike fan
s. mandz : whoo!! best trial game i've tried!? been playing this for 3 days and i've found it awsome! thx ubisoft.
rajeil matheson : best bike game i have played franchise 'trials' thank u
dibyan bandyopadhyay : it's a pretty awesome game
ajay thakar : it's wondering to play
mike mcs : highly addictive!! awesome game :d
aamir chaudhary : awsome game you should download it. love this gameeee!!!!!!!!!
fewestbubbles18 : this is definitely the best motorcycle game i have ever played!!!!!!
gowtham amaran : awesome gameplay...great graphics....i am waiting for next update...
venus baja : the game is good and it's really fun,,,,
tyler alexander : best racing game ever!
alan garcia : yes! i love it
c h a i n z : dudes why is it so slow to update
charan kalavakuri veera mahi : super graphics
tanveer lalani : awesome! and amazing!
athul tk : i really love this game. it is so addictive.......
justin boa : love it soo much!
ahmed sinthya : i love this game very much, it is sooooooooooo addictive. so, download,play and enjoy!!!!!!!!!!
santi swarup mohapatra : fabulous game of .... the yr
lil cidd : great game!
shayna m : addictive and very fun!!!
luthfi rachman : yeah.. nice game, pretty graphics
demon slayz : this is the best game ever!!!!
lt. aldo raine : its a great game.
eljhon magadia : nice graphics and accurate.
austin gaming : awesome gameplay controls to
leslie carrillo : download the game it's awesome
chalito mendoza : awsome game! addictive
dilhani abeysinghe : this is an amazing game.great game
the failure channel : very time consuming and addictive
a google user : this game is lit
kevin trijo : totally awesome!!!
michael verbo : the best challenging game
hfggh ggffg : best racing game ever
grizz bandicoot : honestly i have no complaints
breezy tuber : a really enjoyable game
nicolas ambrocio : this game is so awesome
russell martin : great game no complaints
cliff menze : top notch so far
kyle cracolici : fun to kill time and challenging
rashi pollins : lot's of fun
diaconu norocel : great game!!!!!
dark spectre : it is cool
dustintnt100000 cerillo : its cool its super cool
daniel ashraf : i love this game
kealan metcalf : this game is cool
dustin nichols : new school fun
love solimen : happy so much
tony rios : its very entertaining
efren arizmendez : yi really like it
piratedj 420 : great game all in all
zekplazroblox gamer : i'm your brother
vanessa wall : you shuold move the camera
younes ranjbar : very good game
evan vargas : your the best creater
arsal riaz : cool game
a google user : cool graphics
mrjames? yah its azada : so awesome
theresa cohoon : very challenging
mehedi hasan : awsome gameplay
bhagwati mishra : this is amazing
patrick fogarty : the best
taher hussein : cool bro
waseem ali khan : great game
its jesus : great game
a google user : best from ubisoft
mansoor kamaar : awsome game
hev : top notch
supreme christopher : i. think nothing
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
lyka arnado : the best
jeff aremla : this is extreme
jeffry gagarin : thaks the game
a google user : please make a nother one please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please
ahmed abd elhamed : please increase the quality of graphics more and more like play station4,if possible.please improve visuals and effects to high degrees. give me more new places and bikes. please improve encounters, conflicts, actions and adventures to be more real, exciting and attractive. please add nitro mode for more excitement. give me new versions monthly.please make the game fast and smooth all the time.
leo miranda : amazing and an incredible amount of depth and gives you so many reasons to keep on playing. upgrading the bike to climb up the leaderboards and to pass the missions is highly addictive! one of the best free games i've ever downloaded
rob smith : amazing time killer. but it does have a few bugs. but i'm sure over time they will be worked out. i've missed out on some post race spins but apart from that it's all good.
cody rogers : i love the game the problem i have though is that it won't let me have any outfits unless i buy them like the cyborg costume i did all bike upgrades for it 3 months ago and still can't find a way to get so could you probably fix that please.
a google user : is vame k graphic boht acha hai or ache maps hain
kiddivano ws : this is da best game even on a bad phone its super good
vita indrane : this game has a very steep lesrning and difficulty curve but aside from that is quite good
andreja simonovic : i have no words ... one of the best games on the phone
james dunn : well made, i like the variety and the rewards. good job guys!
sinnistre one : fun story. more to offer than other similar racing games.
ahmad hazmi : itz really amazing,good graphics,good storyline,good controls,everything is perfect,thats all i have to budge in keep up!!!
jeffry edward : great game, but we need more event and race online
a google user : if you like driving games this is the game for you and good thang is it dont cuse
bunmi olatunde mcjoe : this games is awesome, easy to control and offline. multitask makes it more fun...
christopher vineyard : its vr8t game good cor killing time
hyperniqz : this game is really punch!
lexi budnack : i love that if u have hungry shark evolution u get a trial shark on evolution and a shark suit on trail frontier
gavin straface : a great game that has the challenge and the fun of the trials games.
daniel dandy : nice so awesome but need to upgrade the control
tshego montsha : the best but not so amazing
abdalkarem furjane : good graphic good sound system
leeroi marquez : good game stress free joke
dennis white : great time passer, and very fun game
machi : i love the story and characters and gameplay
tj s : awesome improve graphics more very more
muralikrishna mudhiraj : no words i'm living it
harsh bhagat : play store tell me this game run without internet but when i open this game need connection
rabbi khan : that is too much fun.
angel garcia : it's a awesome game
dawn christie : it's a good game
anrich simpson : cool game,love it.
steve peebles : it's a great game.
ahmed osama : this is the best game ever!
angelina nicole : my son loves this gane
ibey : nice game welldone ubi
tavaris harris : great graphics and the gameplay is amazing
fernando : love bikes? this is your game...!
jose garcia : great game love everything about this game
shawn : this game is the best
trevor hale : it was really fun
amanda white : awesome app
a google user : it was great
a google user : great additicing
grace dina : ubisoft this is awsome
paul swank : love this game
valentine archieves : this is as easiest game ever it's like like we ever known as the most easy and cheesie's game ever so if i wanted to however like to play it'll be fun and can be more interesting than what i've thought. if you guys like to play this game. i hope you guys enjoy this game and reply me messages if their good or bad however, depends it is the most liked easiest game for you.
nutterchar : every other game since owning a smart phone or tablet i've got bored of within a month or so but i lovvvvve this game. i can't fault anything. races are a good length of time to pass a couple of minutes in the day but you can easily play this for an hour too. love the graphics and stories. so many levels too...this will never get boring.
pravat kumar : great game. graphics are great, gameplay is very smooth. i have only one
problem, controls. there is no tilt control. i don't like using buttons to
shift the rider's weight. tilt function seems more natural and fun to use.
arjit mishra : very cool game , physics works nicely in here and amazing it doesn't guzzle battery unlike some other well known titles
a google user : having loads of fun. on the samsung s8 battling little with going into races button does not seem to be on the right place. other then that good fun.
kenneth maguire : great game, it gets better the further you go in th.e game. when playing the bunker maybe the length of time could be cut in half. apart from that love it.
tasadar the conqueror : amazing game, i've been playing for three years now and am in love with it. however i would really like to see some new campaign levels and missions instead of seasonal events perhaps even a trials frontier 2! i would love to see a second game but overall it's one of the best mobile games out there
a google user : i just love this game i'm a big fan of this game and who who created this game thanks alot to that person... thank u bro
ahmed abd elhamed : please increase the quality of graphics more and more like play station4,if possible.please improve visuals and effects to high degrees.please add more new places to race.please add cars with different brands.
kyle curl : best game i have played, but it won't let me on the game for some reason idk if it's my phone or the game but i hope it gets fixed soon
manav roy : i tell you what i think is this is the best game i have ever played . the ragdoll motions ,story, dialouges and even the gameplay is best.
pratyusha kumar nayak : nive game to play.. enjoyable game for all.. easy controls buy difficult to play. and you will have fun play all its difficult levels.
mezzomatt jones : awesome game. best i've played for quite a while. however, since the last update, the ghosts are not loading properly in the bunker, then it shows my own first after a go and not the opponent!
doper 2806 : overall the game is really great i love it but after almost every match i play i get ads and it's really annoying
peter martin : i had this game on my d i pho e and had to get it again honestly it is one of the most enjoyable games to play on ur phone great story to it's got the hole package.
hassan mady : great game and fantastic graphics. but the rotation in the air is not too smooth and sometimes lags
katrina hollis : it gets old over a good while, like this is my first time in ages
a google user : i love the game but the people are just sooooooo weird please fix that and why must you be online to upgrade please fix that also
pass the jelly : very fun i mean it's funny and fun but the one thing i don't under stand is why use 5! gas 55555.
stan bowman : addictive and fun. at times it seems too hard; yet with patience and perseverance one can prevail. playing against other players adds a fun dimension to the game.
abey stella : nice graphics and nice controls,its very fun and addictive the way this game is going...really love this game very much,thanks for the team behind this wonderful game...let's play and enjoy this game,everyone.
alin nastasa : evry thing is very fun, you can play with or without internet, pretty awesome, what the game needs and will make it perfect is some kind of clan and trading sistem
chris c : love this game but since a week ago showdown mode does not load, it just looks like it's endlessly connecting. i can't progress in story mode unless i can buy the big bucks with my chips!
a google user : i think this is the beat game but in the beginning it worked properly but after completing 4 levels there are many problems like it spares much time in downloading.... and it cannot be started and loading and loading...... so, i have just uninstalled..... please please please see the problem and make it proper way.... thank you....
trey a : i think other people should play this game because it has good graphics and every other thing that people could want in a game
josh myers : nice good game. not as good as the old one on pc. hope for a pc one soon.
kanumarlapudi santhoshi : waste game i have never seen but game is awesome
floatingcheese1029 : this is a game i looked at and frowned, but when i playedbit it was a game that my friends, friends play
ur momoy : this game is so good but the one problem is the new character, she is too hard!
bak3d as1an : i think it has a great story line and has great graphics and it's great that they part ware they added that you can customize your character and bike
stuart drayton : hooked on it straight away! i just simply can not stop playing this game.
amer malaikah : this game is never smooth on android like it is on apple! this is my 3rd android phone and the game still gets "choppy" on many maps
ernst schrader : you should fix the proplem because when i want to spin the wheel it don't work
tijay clairborne : great game, great use for any person with time to kill that likes motorxross
e-learning with prashant : impressive but very slow downloading its special event takes 2 days to install
michael check : good game! kind of difficult to control flips. otherwise awesome!
daymon bush : awesome game fun to play, i ran into an issue and the tech assist was quick and super helpful
robert wendel : loved it.but id like it if you could up grand your bike without internet
kartikay hamirani : the game is ravass and awesome but control should be a little better then the game is excellent
solomon jigide : what a great game. it's so fun and challenging at the same time.
tlgamer wii : best thing ever best graphics and everything else so good
kendra fisher : best game i ever downloaded, and i love the new upgrades. great job on this game.
starkiza : i play a lot of ubisoft games and this is probably one of the best bike games they have made.
user name : amazing game! the forward and back controls were to close together but i was saved by the customisable controls!
ansh arya : it's too interesting and adventures game .i loved it too much . it's controls are superb
pacific plays : thank u developers cause sometimes me and friends will play it nad our bikes just bug out
tim letts : all around hilarious game!! good storyline. challenging. plenty of various levels. great job guys!
monty jamwal : that it's nic game but u shd speed up bike in start
handelouneous bro : now i love this game its my fav
niyaz kazimpp : marvellous game it is ver wonderful game. ver super graphics & control
nitin modi : i am great fan of ubisoft thanks for trail frontier
a google user : this game is awesome it is the best motorcycle game i've ever played if you like fun and challenging games this is the one for you .
daniel mallow : i love this game so much this is my 3rd time re-installing it.
maikol yoo : those game is so funny and entretenido jajaja is good game tank you for you job
f a r a z q u r e s h i : aint a game for kids..loved it
nikhil raj : the game is excellent but my ubisoft account is not working i am already signed in on ps3 ghost recon tom clancys
a google user : this is one of the best games i played still now
damien arevalo : i think that they schould give you 15000 coins
jerry lopez : i love this game because it gets me to do something
pritam das : amazzzzzzzing game love it wish the story would be much longer
caden mcclure : this game is better than all the other frontier games
dropbearj : i love trials i just wish it could be played offline
avatar lord aura master : very good nice and please make an update that upgrading bikes is offline and nice gameplay
destiny romo : really fun wish they would make the gas usage better
michael stuart : really cool game graphic are great control handles good and the upgrade totally rocks thank uou
zebulon mchargue : for a free game, you couldn't ask for much more.
alex escamilla : very fun game to pass time and just to have fun with very good when it comes to graphics to a vdry fun racing game also just a very good game in all
stephen gagliani : awesome game, very addictive!
saadiq cooper : really enjoy this game so far great gameplay and graphics good job ubisoft
a google user : great game! no need to say anything other than that!
kc 2 fly : i really like this game i use to play it on my xbox 360
bhaumik mohanty : this is the perfect game for which i was searching. the graphics are awesome and the gaming is very smooth.
rajender bohra : coach of clans is very daty game and dis game i just love it
unknown player : i reallyyyy love this game tq ubisoft
kevin k : this is one of the only games i keep coming back to. trials frontier is the awesome
anthony singh : its an amazing game i reccomend it for anyone who wants a time killer game
luke henrys : as fun as all the other trials games
shiva's vlogs : i love this game tha graphic is good sound is good i think this is best game....
p o : its awesome i like the races, upgrades, and everything.
dr. chetan sharma : cool but onlinwe try makin it an offline version guys n allover its perfect
bizzy b 806 : lots of fun, the ramps are nuts!
jon freeman : very fun and addicting!! awesome bikes and cool storyline!
braeden downey : best game i have on my phone
asa gillespie : amazing butch guarding the jackal was too hard
sandeep singh : ooosam game very nice time pass
bala vignesh : one of the best game i played ever
a google user : so this app is a good game for all ages
blitz blazer : it's awesome make another game like this
maddox kulenkamp : wow it's amzing this game is so fun
bo dean : me and. my five yr old boy love it
fernando vega : really good way to pass time and really fun
ely casunuran : its awesome though damn keep up the good work and ill be waitng for that new assins creed game that u guys are makin
a google user : it,s very good game share to anyone
lady j : it's good you know very good it was not what i was inspected
a google user : houstonsnfl handful panel randallualso handful sinful pandoraosmells handful distinct hancock jack hokkaido you can have the fall is all itch gajraj team and the other one was the 4
david bridges : i enjoy this game very much.
a google user : best game ever super super good game this a game
chris watson : i think it's a great game ubisoft
dion gimm : honestly it's a good game, quite fun to play.
kaine smith : i love this game its my favorite
tgm the terrarian : its fun but the tut is way to long
misty : i have not played a game like this
lalhmangaihi pachuau : very nice and interesting game. loved it.
b 'chinzah : good graphics good gameplay,love it.
arya chakma : it's really time killer awesome
a z : can't open it now-keeps crashing
colorme : needs to add a way to to get crates for every 5 levels you beat in the rally so it makes you able to get cosmetic gear that you dont have to pay for
a google user : i am expecting some more
bijoy biswas : just amazing..go for it guys
swift titan : it's a awesome game to play
a google user : good fabulous game enjoying to play
a google user : this games great for a mobile game
matthew noel : love it keep up the good work
a google user : great game and all out amazing
joseph quiroz : it a really great motorcycle game
nimrod minujin : they can do cool stuff
latham dench : awesome love this game soo good
uzair ahmed khan : superb byk game in play store
sonu chaki : i feel excellent to play this game
veera raju challa : full of fun and good graphics it was awesome
mark thompson : nice game very good graphics
dan woj : love the game really fun to play it
a google user : its a very fun and addictive game
a google user : its awesome and i love the graphics
stacee lucas : i just want to ride the mmotercycle
marvin white : hours of fun love the difference tracks
jake adkins : i'm great game love you it thank you
lobby destroyer : loved it it is so good but once i won butch on tree houses i died and the ghosts person came up why?
nurul cahya : nice game..but the control still make me confuse..
a google user : ausom as long as it don't crash..
lokesh chinthala : superb game and nice graphics and nice music
rob gable : i love the storyline upgrading
harish n. rabari : best game and best graphics.
a google user : it's good to see and play
dollorlua : i can't say anything it's that good.
a google user : very fun gameplay. very addictive
thomas scroggins : it's awesome played well
hasan gaming : blah... its so great
parv : it's a very good game
barry robinson : it's great so amazing
jackzon thomas : so dope.. addicted to this game...
gg ga 5 : very nice.. version game..this game..very good
a google user : one of the best biker games..with best graphics and audio.....loved it
kian : would pay for this game. even if it still had micro transactions
a google user : best dirt bike game out period, a must play!!!!!!
sankar sn : very supper and very hard level tooo
merrick : its trials. and trials is good.
khlel tiger : this game is so bad
carl palmer : it's a good game. download now!!
axeldropemoff : it's a good game
shiven singh : beating the records!!!!!!! having fun on playing this game
cesar embile : it is great!!! iove it!:
big nate05 : best racing game of all time
muaaz yakub : it's an awesome game
indi g.p : it is pretty good.
ruth balderas : i think it's cool
rohan harnale : fun game thanks
abhijithk kunnumel : game is a surepper
kiki pino : kick ass!
dustin friesen : very enjoyable from the start.
mushy : i think it's awesome
dejan jablanovic : great game. recomend
katie a : this game is awesome.
ryan lykins : i love the storyline.
chase simmons : it's a great game. love it. it's a great time killer.
kira barrows : soo entertaining and challenging.
westgameryt : addicting!!! so much fun!!!!
shanmuga sundaram : super game but levels are tooooooo short
scott osbaldiston : possibility of adding gamepad compatability?
steve s.e : keep up the good free
adam verrier : most addictive game yet
melissa rankin : great game very fun
william walls : best trials app out
darshan dicchi : the most wonderful game
lohith yadav : a very fabulous game
susant jena : this game are very nice
ashutosh srivastava : perfect bike racing game
ya boi : the graphics are amazing and t
a google user : it a very good game
navjot singh : this is very good game
juan marco laxina : i love this game for the grapics
amanda wooten : love it this game is so addicting
a google user : it is nice game in ever
a google user : i just think its awsome
aditya patwardhan : amazing story and in game experience
deval italiya : thank you for creating this game
lemuel kuria : its awesome and i love it
steven nand : great fun addictive game
abe bautista : it is......really cool
demonic wolf : very good but brutal
ana moreno : it's awesome
ebony hicks : it's great
elijah burnazovic : sexy for the xbox live in fallout
joseph caltabellotta : i laughed i cried it was wonderful
soul taker2000 : three words.make more games
all point : cool!!
travel with kp : it's good
a google user : it's a time killer
picart tricks chanel : i love this game
fahad siddqui : love to play +
zachary martinez : i really love it
jezel gail : trials frontier is awesome
ray : it is a great game
west west : this game awesome
lugendo kalugendo : i love this game
daniel hill : hard but fun
a google user : i love this game
rsd2015 raptor : this game is awesome
bittu kushwah : graphics so good
chithra saravanan : the game is amazing
marco marco : very entertaining and addicting
manoj jaiswal : very nice game
tyag raj : awesome gameplay graphic
nilesh vaghasiya : i love this game
syed raheel safdar : so awesome game
six miles shooter : it fun and cool
rashid 007 : i love this game
sujal shrestha : very nice game
josh smith : fix the prize wheel
yogesh anchan : its a great games
a google user : i think this game is great
akash singh vines : this game is fabulous
naqi jamali : this is the best game
richard sinclair : this was a great game
malachi colon : its really good
scope venm : really really cool game
a google user : this game is sao crazy
saket thakur : should add gravity control
a google user : tell us what you think
a google user : this game is very much
arul akash pandiraj : motion controls can be given
youssef islam : this game was amazing
king waffle : its a good game
a google user : asome cool game
ramdev thakur : very nice to ply
a google user : the best game
ricky keysromero : love it great game
jash ee : great storyline and characters
parmanand kumar : all things are good
a google user : really cool
francis shake : so addictive
ukasz kazmierczak : its an awesom game
patience daniel : it is number 1
ronnys 90s alternative : great game
wayne henderson : its the best
amit sharma : fun to playing
mohammad almuhisen : great game
a google user : love this game
milan yadav : awesome gameplay
trueshot 4200 : love this game
vasu dev : its good
kaleb sherman : it is lit
charlie hustle : it is cool
chandra kanth : its nice
hema rlgandy : really good
a google user : it nice game
sassy chandler : great game
jarrod whren : really good
a google user : it is cool
ben kustura : great game
jade miller : great game
a google user : good app
brennan buterbaugh : great game
crazy cat : cool
scrofy mcdonald : cool
dieman playz : cool
renuga devi : addictive
mainak sahu : addictive
amadeo victor prieto : loving this
graciela ramirez : this is
taras aleksandar subotic : it's ok
swagat dash : this is awsm...
azzafrul amin : so addictted!!!!
daddy g : no think
999 wrld : sucks dick
zack thomas : the bees kneez
jayaram j ram : think about online races
ankesh : university game
sodha sunil : owsom game
dr manohar : adbhutham
stephen cobb : asom
udaya kumar : theri
dharmesh lohar : tha
yasser k : thaks
a google user : thans
matt anderson : this is a lot of fun for a racing and bike trick game. the controls are a bit hard, but that's part of the game, and as you level up, you upgrade your bike including speed and handling, so it gets easier as you go. there is an issue with how you move between menus, since the back/return options aren't always obvious, but beyond that, it's so much fun to race and flip around, that i have to recommend this game. give it a download, you won't regret it.
jojo c : it's a great game over all, defenetly recommend downloading it. one complaint is that you don't have much gas, you can only do a few races until your out, and your not able to just buy gase for 500 coins. and once your out, it takes about 2 hours to fill up
deathlover x : other than the jump pads ending me and the ledges being unscalable when you land right on them, this game has thoroughly entertained me. thanks for the believable npcs. ^^;
elite0851 : super fun to play honestly no joke 100% and the guy who said to many ads i'm not sure what he is talking about but for me it's not that much
smith ramirez : i've played this game for over 4 years now, i've got so far and had to get a new phone or i lost my account password anyways ive restarted many times ,and every time it's worth it the levels never get boring and the different season racing is always fun ,best game.in the app store
raul : really cool game. thanks for sharing it with hunger shark. and thanks for putting a shark for the game and adding the shark.
kawii ocean : i actually didn't want this game but now i love to play it all the timi
samael drakul : great great fun loved the simplicity and amusing rag doll physics, enjoying campaign and the missions are ideal to pick up and play. give it a go! you won't be disappointed ^_^
antoni litt : great gameplay, funny and good graphics too. am addicted!
akitha senuja : the unisoft company is the best game shop.i love there games .i wish you all the best .
savage dawg : it is great could you add more challenges like ktm 450 rally
katarina randjelovic : game has good controls but an issue is that its leaning forward fast
sukhmanpreet singh : i have never played a game lime this its amazing
fezile mpariwa : awsome game play, like the story of the game. that's why i'm giving it 5 stars
sammy ambler : the download is sooooo slow please make it faster
malleedi rushith : they will drink and drive we have. fun
matt davis : new phone second time downloaded, never gets boring!
scott ewen : great game, except for the updates. have been downloading for 2 days now. it gets to 98/99 percent, then drops back to 91 percent. stop putting updates on it, if i am going to have to spend more time updating than playing!! very frustrating!!!!!!! but when it works, fantastic game!!
felix parra : i like the game because i have played trials fusion on the ps4 and it's exactly like it.
toni kasapi : super cool!continue like this ubisoft and this game will be legend.i likethis game!
yash negi : simply awesome and best physics game at this 100 mb size awesome ubisoft. well done.
palash chakma : it's an awesome game all of u try it.... it's graphics is also cool i'll just advice to try it
hellokittyruntz : i love it! i've always loved the trials series. redlynx, you guys are awesome!
hazeal pozas : to me it makes me laugh so hard i love this games
j .j .c parkinson booth : i like the game you should unlock the bikes faster
wendy laney : i love game because it gives you the chance to test your skill
carl grice : excellent game yet to see if any better than hill climb racing!
erik mercado : this is a really good game i think everyone should get this game
destiny newman : gas doesn't need to go so quickly and great music
joaquin b : great game! fun and addicting.
bhavya kothari : fun game nice story play very creative game awesome
faizan simen?a?a?a? : was so cool went you fight the boss
david catoe : i play it all the time, love the story line.
fayabi ali samin : great game ! graphics are intelligent.
neeraj chandrapal : bestest android offroad bike racing game forever
junnel santiago : addsexy hot girls and 1st person and sandbox mode
le bruh : the best bike game ever. hands down
jason swire : one of the best motorcycle games. my son loved it too
ducks boi679 : i love it it's like trails fusion.
a google user : the best game in every aspect!
meta11ic hammer : it's awesome but it is missing something
a google user : challenging game it is i love it very much
hazel pandithurai : its awesome i love it no lag and good
tesohh lino : cool game,maybe improve the soundtrack
tirtha das : the best game i have played..
james pyszko : this game is so fun so cool characters and so much fun
southernsoldier : love this game! i have it on my xboxes, and now i can play it on my phone too? lol i love it!
technical land : awesome game!!....i am a big fan of ubisoft....i love the quality of every item from ubisoft...
darius hemmingway : me and my dad got it and we play it every day
holly gutierrez : the only game without adds that's cool
on smoko : love it. i always play it on my xbox
jeffrey b. : best motorcycle game i've ever played
neo the one : great game to go with trials cushion
speed production : good game very nice graphic
bill janvier : sometimes i wake up at 3am and think to myself, "bill... what would you do without trials frontier in your life?". then i go back to sleep because it's 3am.
snap back : thought it was a good game to mess around with
santanu majumder : i love it this game it is a sweet able game please download it awasom game.... just wow...
a google user : love it makes me occupied when im bored
aryan khan : amazing game this is the best game i play
hotgritz910 : these guys know what they are doing...
artemus prykhach : nice one. keep paying it
luke shaw : best bike game yet... and i've played a a few
joey elley : really loved it with the graphics.....and the gameplay.... keep it up in a new game
sina kargar : i loved it.great.thank u guys.
joel e : its a great game and very challenging....
tony walker : great game and good graphics.... hooked!
hossam elking : it's a good game
daksh chaturvedi : i really love this game...
darrent willient : nice game, deathloverx ;)
purusottam banerjee_9017 : amazing game... check it out... worth it
a google user : it's a good game
deon byatt : it's really good
rindra zuchriza : great graphic and storyline
dante jr. priela : i been playing this game since 2014
ah? : i like this app but the challanges are hard
anees adv : i'm crazy about this i love it
nithin s : good game nice graphics
math mick : its an amazing game recommended
olivia brogan : this is a reeeeeeeeeeely good game
heshan bro : its good to its size
abhi abhishek : amazing game enjoyed playing
ata msallati : this is my favorite game
a google user : i love this game omg
alejandro aguilar : this game is real cool
amer aiman : this game is very amazing
charles : this game is so good
thomas lake : loved it,addicted
nate clark : it's perfect
a google user : great game.
zoob : great game.
a google user : this game is the best game in the yunavers
cliff fulgan : it's best
yash benee : nice and cool
a google user : this game is my favourite game
brajan avia : this game is amazing
michelle : the story is awesome
kuldeep rajpurohit : good for internet gameplay
alejandro leyva : best motorcycle game
sandra britt : i love this game
willie smith : massive fun and addictive
the eastwoods : love the graphics
craig flanagan : fun and challenging game
david massey : cool little game
warlito macanas : cool fantastic and challenging
3am pupular : love it so muchhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
josh tompkins : this is awesome
luis plazola : great gameplay
jerick nojobmal : thanks for the making of this like it
vicky sharma : very nyc game
raghavan srinivas : just the game that i need
holly bone : trails is the boyo
ashley morales : it is incredible
a google user : cool game
charlie vanover : great game
mrs. laxmi mandal : love this game
joshua. teixeira : great game
tyler burgoyne : its was good
itsmrpanda : love this game
jignesh ambasana : greatest of the greatest
iateyourmacncheese : really fun
booby singh : good graphics
reetpal singhbrar : loving a lot
logan king : it's a thriller
jyotsna srikanth : cool
a google user : brayden whitt
shubham mitra : pinch it up
seth mcintre : donload it
king chris : asom
kenneth lacy : on the prize wheel, at times it is stuck and you can not spin for a prize. have to close the game and restart every time to get it to work. it is a waste of "fuel" to run.
just us friends : loved the side by side races but it sucks how much gas u use. help global warming by slowing it down. and also why do they have bikes in the old west there should be horses and trailers.
a google user : i like this game so much. whoever plays this game he/she will have the addiction
nalusk modnar : the titanic was a sister ship, some say it was an ins. scam
grimmwrld : i love this game it has smooth gameplay, smooth controls, and graphics are great with a nice story this is definitely a 5 star game for me.
mike postma : love it. i haven't been more into a game in a long time
a google user : one of the best games i've ever played and downloaded excellent graphics good game play and awsome story to it
ash forest : have not run into any issues what so ever apart for how addictive the gameplay is with a very wicked cool story line to what has kept my head down and thumbs busy for hours since i downloaded it onto my samsung j7. awesome job creators. very impressive engineering .! high 5's for all *****************
oliver szczypka : i love this game but after the update i can no longer play it. the download goes to 100% and then says i don't have an internet connection, so i can't start the game :( please fix
taylen brooks : this game is very well put togetger...maybe think about making a second one with different unic bikes
aditya salunke : there is currently a problem after update ... please fix and it would be really nice if team can extend the deadline
robert taylor : ***update*** i had reinstalled the game after the proposed fix and watched with fingers crossed as the download bar hit 100% and.... transitioned smoothly to the home screen with event info pop-up. thank you! thank you! i have my favorite time killer back haha great job -------------------------------------- been playing a long time love it, the new update however won't let the game allow you to play, keeps telling me that i'm not connected to the internet and pauses at 100% please fix this and i will fix my rating
a google user : i love this game! the only problem is sometimes it freezes.
brad powell : excellent if one didn't have to start over due to a few updates that lost my progress
darren newman : really good game but it takes along time to up grade suits and bike parts...
xoddam : this game is very well put together, and it is a great time passer. i am playing it on a tablet with a 10 inch screen, so battery life is no issue to me. although, i would imagine that the game does eat through battery due to the 3d graphics quality. the game itself looks amazing. the art style, gui and the models just look stunning. i have had so much fun on the game, i may even put some money into it and buy some in-game currency to support the developers. overall great game! keep up the good work!
erin saulpaugh : fun and addicting but the upgrades start taking a week to complete and that's kinda ridiculous.
mirza baig : trials frontier is a awesome game cool graphics good controls no ads and i love this game
jed dawson : just updated again and it still wont open plz explain i want to continue liking this app
yeah it's me : great game. ubisoft did really good on this one. fun and super addicting.
william moorman : in my opinion, there's nothing bad to say about this game; i love it!
josephine agulto : i love this game because i love bike riders and when i play this game it makes me feel happy thank who every made this game!!!!!
cr7 fc : this game is absolutely great. it matches the game 'trials' which is amazing!
elowbro broelow : no need it did,t work useless don,t download
awesome wasabey : i think it is awesome because if you are going on a trip it is a awesome time waster
silas santonu sangma : i downloaded this game for the shark form hungry shark evo
a google user : i really enjoy playin this , it's one of the best game i've ever played
mr. gear : it is a good game but not very good andnot very bad
paro umar : now what i can talk about the gameplay is.......that it's amazing!!!!runs smooth and there is nothing bad about it, except that you get confused sometimes but you learn over it anyway. so yeah, it's great.
adelfo velasquez : hey it told me to wright something so am :-)
gaetan gauthier : one of the best free game out there. i recommended to all my friends
noah urban : it's really fun it adds a whole nother implement of 3d game play
michael lucy : good game i like it the most part i liked was the bike it's the best
abrar hussain : again same problem not working
muhammad abiyyu dzaky : how many times i have to download the content
aryaman : ubisoft games are always the best game in the world it never disappoints
donivan cunningham : i think you guys should make a s3cind one
rez kryptonic : wish u can change what your character looks like
shazza 47 : so cool but needs to be able to change the color on the bike
a google user : superb game i installed it for hungry shark but it is really good
a google user : pretty fun there are a few glitches but it's cool
kartik sharma : i think that this game is very interesting the background is very beautiful i like this very much
amin mohammadzadeh : great game play, great graphics, very addictive
afton kurek : best game for people ages ten and up.its a little more advanced
shane spencer : its a exciting motorcycle game for the kids great time killer.
jolin matabata : awesome game graphics superb been playing for a few years but the storyline could improve a bit more and controls kinda sucks for me
sarmistha ghosh : the game is good but now it is only downloading
amy benson : cool cookie dough game or cool beans
galang asa : the best android game with cool graphics and physics
brian martin : nice an easy game. great to pass time.
erik olson : didn't install last update because they now want my contacts!
sangeeta thakur : nice graphics then others with nice sounds
donald patterson : additive good graphics and nice game play
gb viral videos : very very nice graphics i love this game
hashim isani : awesome beautiful game i love ever
aaron butler : make fun time for me so muchey
a google user : nice game i i play every day
lucille vidra : cool but is still like trials hd
abdullah 3570 : amazing game get it if you can
gamer boy : its amazing game i ubisoft but please make it multiplayer to challenge friends......!
brittany dudley : best dirt bike game there is
sweet-t stinson : best graphics, best controls, best gameplay, best game i've ever played and i hope you guys make another game like this!!!!!!
farhan faudzillah : hi devs.....thanks for your reply....i really love this game it fun story line is great.....lots of challenged courses
marcus walters : everything you expect from a trials game and then some
iccy joe : it had good graphics and i like it
brandon laberge : addicting and easy to play. great time killer
a google user : the game has so many features
tenth reaper : it's great to waste time
levi kirkpatrick : good game and funny story line
gianni smith : i love it its a good game
zecharia blackwood : awesome i loved it so much
tarun majumder : lovely game but lots of upgrade
cm s : best moto cross game on android
manuel palma : coolest game i ever played
mrgomoto : this is my favorite game in the univers
avni choudhary : yeah its a good game. good timepass
fnaf43 fighter : the best motorola game ever!!!
mome mukherjee : awesome gameplay and excellent graphics...i really like playing this game everyday....
isaiah brown : its alright but its just a lottle borimg
jimmy wijaya : simply entertaining. good graphics.
naimul islam : it's the best i love it
delana spivey : you should haf to update updateupdate. it
cameron davidson : very addictive and fun game!
chalie mann : im playing it right now!!!
harish ch : good game and story ...feels like acting western movie....
mm larisa : owesome game.. thank u
marcus easter : awesome game so far!!
khan shajeeb : excellent but have a question.... why need so much updates!!?
a google user : amazing... a must download !
daya ram sharma : it,'s a great game
a google user : this is best game ever very very best graphic
dwayne carter : it's a good game
zach chambers : great game. addictive
vaibhav shanu : you know this game rock!!!!
tammy forbes : can you make the levels cheaper on gas
gaurav kumar : awesome......game play....loved d game
shann senpai : whenever its reaches 100% of update it will just go back into random of 80+ to 90+ percent of the update. please notice this.
trusty latam : good games..people
chris topher : great game!!!
manav dutt : amazing game loved it
jhon chua : great game!!!!
a google user : my granddaughter loves it!!!!!
a google user : very nice and good grafices
idol lord : i was stunter in their this is the best
emir lujero : i love it the trial frontier
sl gaming comunity : the best graohics ever
a google user : the graphics in the player is awesome
shaik aakhil : superrrrrrrrrrrrrr and easy to play
ghost spider : its a fun game to play on
farzad fj : you a best ubisoft your
itz sharma : wow great game loved it
josh markham : a fun and addicting game
aidan mcloughlin : it's brilliant
a google user : its amazingly asome
sankar baruah : ubisoft is superb
mohd aqdas : i love this game
soniya balakumar : the nice game
rasheed madi : nice and interesting game
marlon patterson : awesome game to play
a google user : it is so fun
jamkhokam touthang : it is very addictive
hristo raikov : the game is amazing
tyesha simmons : this game is the best
kevin barrow : great funny as hell
ricky martin : the best game
a google user : smarty. game ever played
ukie tallz : tell us what you think
ash26gg : a must play for sure
tim hawkins : very cool game
green gem : it is cool
dani mohammad : nice the play
jones bamban : cool game
afiq a : loving this for years
olga campos : great as the heavens
jim martincic : great game
jazirat bledsoe : great game
sean p rc : addictive
brayden bender : cool
thi ha : previously updated the game and its crush when i try to open the game.please fix this. please...i have open the game.it over the loading screen and close itself everytime..can you just please fix it.
sunny ansari : its aowsome...
bushra766979y631o bushra209 : saif the uk for
taeshaun mccullers : the storyline
jayden realy : its addicting
dai potter : great game ~^^~
a google user : i love the game is fun and the hungry shark give you a trials baby shark for free and so much fun you should include in your phones.
hairako : yeah, this is what just my mind decided to install and well, played it. probably ubisoft will get a very high rating for these kinds of games.
ahmed abd elhamed : please increase the quality of graphics more and more like play station4, if possible.please improve visuals and effects to be real, exciting and attractive.please add cars.please add more new locations like the ice desert and more new bikes.
bryan mandan : cool game iiiiiiii graphics and just fun to past the time two thumbs up, but i need them for the game (lol)
sweet marshmallow love : it is so addictive. it has good graphics, nice story, good gameplay and best bike game ever. i trials frontier
terence allen : not a huge fan of this series , however this game is epic with ways to upgrade your bike, a nice storyline that puts you in the driver's seat of your bike, and many quests to keep you entertained for hours. definitely worth the download.
a google user : this game is really best.plz download graphics are so so gud not only racing game we can do many things...loved it
meow awesomeness : when i was younger, i played this game all the time. i love it even now, just think the levels are super hard in a good way!
voidius zeronius : wonderful game. not my usual choice but so fun i cannot stop. highly recommended!
bidisha sikdar : i am giving it 5 stars for an older version. for the latest version, i'll
give it 4 stars because in this update, it automatically starts downloading
the easter content. and there is no option to pause it or close it....pls
fix this issue and i'll be giving 5 stars.
eric eck : this is a fun, hard, and addicting game. i have been playing it on and off for several years and keep coming back. it's mostly when they add additional content. great game.
adam muqri : well ubisoft entertainment always gives us joy and this is the best game ive ever played hope ubisoft entertainment will make more games like this
k o a l a : i love all the stuff you make ubisoft been here since far cry 3
big23 zhor : it's the best mom cycle game i have ever played even hd graphics and crontrols.
pro gaming64 : improve the controlls more and fix your damn server
m3rcury : this is a fairly enjoyable game with hilarious wipeouts. good job
jordan lawrence : i don't have any problems with this game. it runs nicely. keep it up ubisoft!
adrian vasquez : like this game this game could play with hungry shark
ttv jimmyjams : i love this game but the controls are a bit weird and hard to control the bike :)
ania : best graphics and sound effects i've seen for a free smart phone game.
matthew niehuss : cool game. always good to kill time
arun kumar : addictive nothing much to say but good graphics ,control nd story....
dou8le j 480 69 years ago : even words can't even describe ubisoft and its creations
roshan yadu : fantastic, fabulous.needs nothing much but we're waiting for second part
meenakshi jain : best game i've ever played,and everything in this game is fantastic, review seekers download it
a i : ubisoft never fails...keep making such awesome games guys
a google user : i love this game but one problem the game lags to much
pratyush jain : ubisoft is the best game developer . this game is very addictive . great graphics great multilayer
k.m shahin : this is the best physics-based game i ever played. has good gaphrics.
dinesh biswas : ubisoft games are always awesome like this one, the graphics and the gameplay which is both lovable, liked the game
shashank subramaniam : addictive but really nice i liked the graphic and the controls
shahnewaz ahmed : it's all about the challenge. razor sharp controls, realistic physics, tons of fun (and retries) .
pat flynn : great game, good time killer, and annoys my wife hahaha. no farm games here!
larcist zopel : just great game. so funny and adictive. it runs awesome in my xiaomi
rahul gupta : it is very good for bike games yo should downloard it
andre taylor : best game ever its just like trails fusion
premnath k : this game is so funny and cute so i like it and a ubisoft games super
nick beck : great free mobile game to me looks as good as trials hd did on the 360
fluffy pastle scott : non-stop action great deatails
renegade kyttnn : the loading can be shortened but otherwise i love the game
omotayo obarau : the game is awesome if i could rate it ten stars i would and i like the way he ends
cicile cicile : the game we can understand,, super nice
randomtiger 77 : if u like trials fusion u should download it go ahead
malik ramos : the game is good. graphics are amazing just wish there was a restart button for the story
abhinav zack : it was a very good graphic bike game
we understand it when we see it : great graphics good bikes please update and add stronger bikes
ian sheridan : redlynx still do this best. nice mobile port.
hercules hercules : it's good the only thing it needs better buttons
zaya gp : amazing game really fun to play...even if you dont have real money.....wonderful
mohammed rayhan mahroof : its very addictive i'm obsessed with this game
patrick lincoln : great addition to the trials series. love this!
goutham ajith : its a great time killer . good graphics and game play
john upton : fun for free. cnt complain
beatrice mcghee : can be a bit more than that i am
chaitanya anurag : too many ads -a terrific game just ads are annoying
red : i think the controls should be a little bit better
shane mcpherson : love physics games this one is so off the rocker
lance 17 : fun to play and is better than some of the ones on xbox
zizo : very good game the best bike racing ever
bryan henne : finally a great game on google play thank you!
joshua james : this is one of the best games i've played for android
a google user : if like it very much.
vedu joshi : whoaa !!!, what a game, i... i just cant believe, llooovvveee this game, nice graphics, west style, and no words for the soundtrack, easy to play but hard to complete, interesting....
joshua starr : just got the game and so far it's great!!
rex king : it's awesome i would love a costom bike
chirag kaushik : chirag that is a very good game for game play that's my pleasure to play it
robbie mcguire : awesome time killer and doesn't push in app purchase
sreekanth k : awesome need to improve on controls loved it
king- ninjaop botherhood : it the best game i every play
darrin byrne : love the story line. good graphics
figet spinner madness : so great awesom sauce thanks creator
mohammed samiuddin : well thanks for making such a good movie
nicholas kline : fun for my son and challenging at times
deepak kumar : very beautiful and amazing and adventureous game.
barbara hudson : you should consider hungry shark evolution
shyeem m. khan : this game is wonderful.in this game graphics gameplay control is wonderful
dom garner : omg need more games like this
stefan chonov : the game is funny and really deserved attention.
manju mehra : i realy feel very good
anthony pierce : the game is really cool
siddu : the game is fantabulous i love this game
nick conroy : game rocks!!! avid trials freak!!!! now i got it on mobile, hell yeah;)
sparebrains02 : it a fan and easy game for when you are bored
sahil guleria : awesome ultimate game..... i m sure you should really play this game...... i m loving it...
j zodinmawia : okay first of all i dont want to criticize them for such a good and
addicting game but the main reason is that upgrades need internet
connection thats right i am asking for full on no internet connection game
but if you cant its okay
satwinder bhatti : best game guys keep up the good work !!!
matt mcdaniel : it's sick!! reminds me of classic excite bike !
priyangshu roy : everything is perfect but i suggest u to make the controls more better as when i try to flip it flips very slowly and is very hard to make the rider stable after that so plzz add a sensitivity settings of the controls
cheelie cheel : very very brilliant game.
veda sri : best game. nice game ubisoft. keep in touch with you guys!!!
sniper mahto gaming : very good game im very happy & injoy this game
moshiur rahman : fantastic gameplay.. very nice graphics.
taco amv : really great game :d
adarsh shabu varughese : its a super game i ever played in my life ....
rabin das : amazing physics based game!
steven lugosi : awesome game! loads of fun!
a google user : "when you just use motorcycle ...... you will.be rajndjgmf
tylor bose : with expected in game purchases still amusing without spending money
kyle almonte : i like this game so much
gaelin 567 : good game!! ever played
bhargav ram : only the problem is fuel is over
brandon peters : its really fun.
sharp tv : addictive.. i lve it.. one of the best game!!
the dark masters gaming : it is so great
azmeer shah : this game is very addictive i love this game very much.... i love this game...
rohan cena : cool game!
kiave rodriguez : all i can say is thank you for this amazing game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
de setiadi : nice...perfect graphic..
white moses : great game, love it!!!
chintan vedant : i have loved this game
abner herrera : addicting and cool story.
imc productions : this game is the best!
megan charran : crazy addictive, love it
gokul gartia : addictive game. thanks
a google user : its a awesome game...
fady fayez : just take too much time to connect
bhavika gajare : i. like. this. game very very. much
a google user : it's. fantastic
sonu kumar jha : challenging and high quality game
sonika thakur : the game is very awesome
nikhil oommen : a great game to play
addicted sharma : this game is very best
treezy love : it's cool
brad ryan : loved it!
athul antony xavier : mind blowing game
boybalbal matanungin : good graphics
redshadowx : i think this game is awsome
orlando gonzalez : awesome gameplay and cool graphics
amritjot kaur : a game i like the most
kolla phani : its very good super
amerthen s : great game for trial lovers
ameer raja : awesome graphics cool game
a google user : i love the game it is cool
yellaswamy bandi : fabulous and nice and easy to play
suresh kumar : very bad game
adham : hate your game
a google user : i. love the game
boggaram srikar boggaram srikar : it's great
free cofee : why does this app needs access to contacts?!? instant uninstall
sharif maiga : great racing game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
prottoy sarker : this game is amazing
david sofia : it is so awesome
iyyanar king : very nice game
george rowell : love it sooooooo fun
dakota lunsford : really awesome game
carrym gaming live : i love this game
a google user : it is very nice
ahmed reda : it is good game
cum lord : i love the game
yxtiagaiyz : tough judicial radio
cayden kalmbach : loved it was very good
dalton grier : awesome and addicting game
urbankrafts in : nice racing game
budzynski anthony : great game love it
charles woodhouse : fun as hell
ved malhotra : graphics are good
linda guerra : its cool
rohit hamal : awesome and grafiliciousssss
pritam pritam : this game is awsam
michael jones : fun and simple
prinz martinez : hehe nice
iusekaioken : so addictive
robert butler : love this game
the reaper : great game
charles olimba : love it when it crush
manaia williams : this is awesome
sean morrison : great game
a google user : love this
doggy is boss : cool
ryan o'dea : this game is boss!!!!
ezralike pie : cool
zaal baidashvili : best of
moon2pie : cool
sonya lowrance : addictive
mika : addictive
ujwal mehta : creative
brian bailey : cool
ritienne gouder : it is...........whoawser
isaiah obiri yeboah : it is amsome
kinard dickey : just like the platforms
nayan jyoti bordoloi : game is download content
21cs58 vishal.k : fire games
anthony moyer : asome
unanimously unwelcome : ubisoft excel at this type of game on all platforms and this is no exception. im not going to mark the developer down for a few minor bugs, the no spin prizewheel being the most annoying but that fault aside this game is a matured well skill scaled endeveour. well done ubisoft for not making this a pay to play game either, no annoying adverts. brilliant.
alpha vector : just if there was only two buttons (the acceleration button rolls forward while mid aire and brakes rolls backwards) the game would've been even more better, but doesn't change the fact that i love it. but with the western thing you may think its a 1400s game, like seriously... a village in the middle of no where with not a single piece of technology while we are in the 21 century, people wearing those strange hats, a guy wants to make a world map while we got mobiles and google maps, even i f we didn't, the world is already explored why would he want to make a map?
the garbage overlord : 10/10 best game out of 2016. best game best game best game please repeat this in bed wile sleeping after the beep beeeeeeeeeep!!!
sergei krautkremer : this is really fun. definitely find myself playing alot. always trying to get a gold on every course. i wish i had a surplus of fuel cause i can play for a long time. well done.
a google user : the one game i downloaded after owning it on iphone, and am taking pleasure in getting good at on android. solid game, free to play, no pressure to buy stuff.
steven rice : this game is addicting i can't stop playing it and when i do stop playing it i'm back to playing it again
micahias belay : great game it's even like trials fusion a little only difference is there's a real storyline.
adriana doster : awesome just wondering if you can make it online so you can play with your friends
darren fortin : it would be great if they could implement more achievements on the next update. that would be cool.
jordan jacques : this game is fantastic. i would love to get it on my ps3, ps4 & ps vita. but it is a bit expensive (8-15). i am so glad that this game is free
woodell locklear jr. : one of the few great games that i've loaded on my phone and tablet!!
s blasing : so awesome love that you get rewards for everything thing you do.
maurice crain : definitely a game that you will keep trying at but overall absolutely love it!!
preetha d : it's really super game but occupied my phone memory
dawn d : add the ability to upgrade bikes in offline. it sucks to turn on my wifi to upgrade my bike.
a p : tons of fun! a great port of the ps4 game.
larry umuweh : awesome this game i the best i played so far, pls we need more like this
a google user : it is a great game i spent my bordum playing this
mark lucas : amazing game but it takes weeks to unlock a bike lol
fnaf plush world : this game is so cool i wish it was on the ps3 or ps4
john derf : amazingly addicted internet connection is required but worthy
midniteblue hd : it's a amazing game and has lots of action!
lil ressespint : it's amazing time killer and so fun 5 stars from me :)
ajio haler : its a very good game for android and ios i would definitely reccomend this to my friends.
its_ yahboyjayyy : due and this is for hungry shark evolution tbis js really awesome
a google user : i've played trails for years love it.
frankie medina : best motorcycle/dirtbike game on android
alfred ruiz : was going to be a quick play game to get some coins for another game but i loved it and now have had it for 3years
adithya rocks : absolutely amazing. very nice game. very addictive.
roy al dik : its perfect and worth of all my time of playing.
jimmy saoud : ti,such as fun as the best part
trinity joshue absher : awesome. just like the xbox version
lance larou : allays been a fan of trials great game
benediktus krisna : good graphic game and well gameplay. love it
peter straub : cool game, and good fun over all
theplormbster : its really cool and it is very addicting
lee whittaker : great game addictive but great fun.
camryn long : so addictive. i love it.
sanj singh : addicting game, lots of fun
foxy fan12345 : it's my favorite game
viper 7 : we need less update, this game.
jason helenburg : so fun i could punch myself
chad montgomery : awesome game! great job ubisoft!!!
thatluckysun : i love this game so much
brett : great game...
stephen salviejo : great game!!!
killerbumblebee 902 : amazing storymode and great controls
marco soares : great game!!
a google user : it's awesome
gokul murali : great game.
xxd4rkn3ssxx : i got a diced to it.
juan gonzalez : really awesome game
zane-zari cox : its so awsome
stephen wong : i love this game
nishad more : very nice game
trey davis : really fun game
kevinwyd : it is a good game
jonathon dexter : great game
jose hernandez : cool game
jason knodel : great game
brenna overbey : great game
aizukan : great game
nicole iannuzzi : it cool
hollow dreezy : luv this game
westy green : great game
dopewitz : great game
cod killz : great game
cornel stinson : bomb
andrew hepworth : arse
navin maliyakkal : it's adictve
saketh kanishka : warning!! extremely adictive!!!
hatem mohmed : thanks
smike hawk : love trials. i've been playing for years when it was still a flash game on the internet. the new update is wonderful. the new showdown rules makes it a lot more fun and equal to the riders. the only things i have complaints about are: 1... getting new tracks is a little difficult when left to chance by the spin of a wheel. 2... the bikes get a little expensive about half way through the building process. 3... getting the bike blueprints that you miss after the showdown season you have to buy with diamonds. 4... the diamonds are kinda hard to get, by chance of spin or actual money. i know you need to pay your employees but i also know how these games work and people who have money will pay for them either way. us. that have tight budgets but play religiously deserve a small reward as much a as the people who pay deserve bigger ones. you could make them a little easier to obtain or at least make them show up on the chance wheel more often. almost every time wouldn't hurt as the chances are low as is. besides these issues, graphic are phenomenal, controls are better than ever and haven't ran into a lagging track yet as of a week ago. please keep up the fantastic work ubisoft, love all your games, and red lynx.
chris theunicorn : i think awesome game, spend hours mastering each track only to upgrade my bike and find that i'm overshooting every ramp. takes some serious skills and concentration to set fast times. and the story missions are fantastic, it bring atmosphere to the variety of characters. consumes 100mah of battery life, which lasts me 10 hours on a full charge, also created widget for battery saver which seems to help the phones performance. i've also stuck pvc tape over the 3 buttons at bottom of phone, which stops my accidental pausing and closing of game. i still get angry and frustrated when it do crazy flips and crash.
paul niemeyer : please, let's make a game that when the person is holding down the gas button but instead of having the bike go forward will have the bike stall out and yeah we'll have the people throw their phones and break them that sounds like a great idea. really people!! come on
falynn russell : every thing was great, loved it all exept the graphics and the controls. the graphics where just a bit outdated and blurry.
kanwar mudassir : the only reason to download this game is that its from ubisoft.i love these ppl they always create a full bang games.there graphics control all are awesome.love ubisift :-*
sotiris papadopoulos : had a while to get addicted with a game. thank you ubisoft!
colton bradshaw : best trials motorcycle game available at app store. no other trials type motor game comes close to this one. 5*all day, every day!
devan munn : so far it's great. love trials games. looking forward to playing through the story. hopefully there's multiplayer.
a google user : it is a good game but my account got hacked and i dont know what happend.
ajay lucky : game ok but music very bad i so real enjoy this game
jack the learner : the game was very fun but the control is not so good
doyle smith : this what i have been looking for.good graphics,realistic,and the gameplay.i give that 5 plus stars
astroaden : the best game ever. i can't stop playing it.
ali : don't play without internet
subrat shrivastava : awesome mind-blowing game.its really addictive and it based on a interesting story
a jin gaming : need tweak tricks in game and others all features are nice overall.
naveen ganapathy 12 c2 : a missions for adventure and crazy racing in the physical, chemical miracle graphics places
parker veatch : it's cool. upgrades are actually attainable without paying money.
imanesa haque dinasti : always force close after buying ticket in bunker
chimpslap : this is so exiting because i've been wanting to play trials fusion and when
i found this game i was sooooo exited
weedblaze : ok fun game but wish it had controller support
karien swart : my 5 year old likes this as much as i do
tyler bressingham : the game is very good! but with a few adjustments you can make it better
a google user : i always loved this game since i was youbger
anthony scordia : i think you guys need to make frog village a lot easyer! i mean it.
rajni gupta : i love this game was waiting for part 2
kris badaracco : love it now its the only game on my table
a google user : awesome good graphics and not a 10 minute game
cricket ki duniya by kuldeep : looking for a great time killer find this happy now
jstilla vargas : graphics are good but juuuussssttttt needs more bikes
starkillerz 239 : its the best game i ever played
rohail ali : evry rider have to download this game
zebers gaming : it's a really good game please play
john pierce : love it best race game ever
denim johnson : the game is amazing the graphics are awesome
tyler greenless : i think the game is really awesome
brandan watterston : i love this game so much
anderson oberle : it is vary fun and adicktive
alan hillhouse : super addictive...... i love the story line and the game play is great
dan asbury : good fun and a way to waste some time
gamal mohamed : i think this one of my favorite game ever it got a good graphics and every thing is perfect thank you all but it still need some upgrades and buggies
shawn bobbitt : great way to pass the time!
stephen malcomb : greatest trials game!
tranquil the don : awesome game very addict8ng
naveed : this is the best game in the world
mad beard : the perfect mobile game
b.k. senapati : it's fantastic
rif gonzaga : my ugraded cycles are back...
dion redick : it's great
thomas cochran : it's great
kiev edward : this game is the best gane ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
steven seidel jr : cool game
jonathan nel : why did i not receive anything for the 3 year celebration?
darktrooper jurado : it's cool
cesario garcia : it's fun
conways corner : it is sick
jessica childers : i love this game
zoruagaming7639 : it is really good
adam betts : great free game
a google user : i love the game so much
thebeast 06 : i love this game
fernando jr : this game is awsome
ricky lara : cool graphics
frosty playz : pretty good
white buffalo : it is very addicting
abdul kholid : this is favorit game
cody melahn : trials on your phone
aysle ash : thanks for making this game
septic sans : cool thanks
emmanuel andagalu : the best
mason huddy : easy to play
mateo montemayor : amazing everything
nathan hill : good thriller
jeremy vargas : cool
mahmoud saad : exciting
saveg money : cool
jackanar the monster hunter : cool
jon : very smooth and fun. i played for hours while recovering from surgery. however, it kept asking me to make an account and so eventually after hours of playing, nearly 100 gems and three bikes earned, i decided to create an account via email. now it's forced me to start over and i've lost everything (even if i've signed out). for that, i give the game a 3. your earnings, bikes, costumes and progress should carry over when you create an account. if there's a way to get it back, i'd be grateful. otherwise, i'm done with it.
a google user : this game is awesome, the controls take a little while to get the hang of, and sometimes my calloused fingers don't get it responding at max speed, but that's more then likely me. super fun, awesome visuals and physics and exactly like the console trails, a++ game!
phlyt : i pretty much lost 20gems.. i restored the daily shop offers to try get a new track ( i had 84 gems in total ) so i restored the offers, got a whole new lot of items, but no track, just an infinite fuel, so i restored it again, and nothing changed!! exactly the same items but now 20gems short.. now im at 44 gems, and have to wait 24hrs before i can hopfully buy a new track from the shop.. also u should have some sort of guide as to which tracks u still have to get and how to obtain them. because if there is a certain amount of tracks u can get from the shop, ( for example ) people like my self are wasting hard earned gems or even real money to try get them.. all the tracks should be on the map, just a blured version of the tracks you dont have, but with info on how to obtain them.. please take these suggestions into consideration as they would eliminate all the guess work..
h. peter taylor yt : this i would say is probaly the second best game that i have ever played maybe it's crossy road but still i really enjoy the game, and the graphics, and the controls.
kyle alexander : enjoying the game thus far. the graphics are good, gameplay a bit challenging (in a good way) and the performance is great on my 2015 smartphone. keep up the good work ubisoft.
timothy brown : awesome and addicting. the best game i've played in a long time. literally played till my thumbs hurt
rishabh gathan : hey guys this game is really amazing. really good graphics, engrossing story play, awesome multiplayer mode. fantastic. appreciable. :d
andy mc : been hooked on this game for over a year and find there's always plenty to do, 5 star game without a doubt. some connection problems but that's life
royce tawney : excellent game. lots of fun. this is a hard one to put down, it will have you wanting to keep playing more and more.
terran froerer : game play and set up remind me of borderlands and fall out. i love those games same with any of the elders scrolls. but this game is addictive and fun also interactive and entertaining! so sayith the ruler of baythose
prajval : i signed in ubisoft acc. and saved the game now due to some issues i reinstalled the game and i put the id and pass. but it is not loading to the right time .it is taking me to my id but half of my progress is gone
trifon tzirkalov : i love it i play it for 1 and a half year but last 8 mouths i had sami problems and now i'm really happy that you are fixed
carlos my music : its one of the best motocross game thats it what more do u need to know that i've spent hours playing it and staying up all night just to do so
charles leighton : great graphics and keeps u interested, with very few adds and pop ups.
eunice atkinson : super awesome i love you everyone i hope you can make another word for different game lay by you and that's all that's all i need for you
zachary matthews : please add offline up grades other than that nothing's wrong with the game.
tapu ashutosh1 : i want more bikes and mission and story in it and more boss mission and battles and some different scenario
girls angie and andrea : it actually works i thought it wouldn't work but it's really great dguys good work on this game
stephen barba : when you combine motorcross and adventure, you get a fun and humorous game, that makes you keep playing for more and more.
snorkels4llamas : i like how you can do flips over the finishing line
a google user : it is the funniest games i played . it has very good graphics. i think everybody should play this game
einhekpas frezzy : it's very fun and all ages can play this!! i love the crashes and noise they make too i always laugh xd
talha jubair : physics based masterpiece. whatever log in probs.
cliftyman : very addictive, can't stop playing, developers care about it you can tell!
saloni singh : nice game...but plese fix the problem of updating the vehicle by internet
1bag : took me a while to get use to the controls but this game lit up!!
you a fag : it's awesome fix some of the things and i'll put all 5 stars!
muhammad adib amirudin : for the first time i play this game , it was so bored but after play it for 15 minute i felt that this was the creative graphic and game ever
mr. pro calico : i am beyond addicted to this game! it's perfect and it never gets old! my only wish is that i could use a controller! my thumbs start to hurt from excessive play. honestly i would recommend it to anyone and everyone!
a google user : the best 2d type bike game i've played!
a google user : great game alto of fun to play there are some bugs after race when you here the bubbles it wont let you spin the prize wheel and you have to exit out with out your loot bummer
henry eldridge : this is the best game ever made i'd give it 10
samja4897 : it needs help on after flips ok
a google user : if you like trials you will love this game...surprised that there's a lot more to it...kudos to the creators
shawn curtis : it's a great game with great graphics and even better gameplay, must install
cooldeep makwana : only the set a control nd other things its too good
anthony smith : i love the game but i don't like how it cheats sometimes.
tata elijah : the game is awesome i love it and every one should play trail's frontier:-)
cullan ashby : the most entertaining android game to date, well done ubisoft
sarah watson : awesome game! if you like physics based games, this is it.
peja christian : you should get this game if you don't get it you will be missing out
a google user : it's the best game but midnight circus did not work for me
joseph robinson : awesome game i got in on both my devices so i can play one while the other one is charging
gaming trends : this game is awesome its just like trials evolution on xbox and like trials hd!
rey love : u shuldn be able to customize paints job to the t more paint job customization options
babie 1 : like the controls and graphics are amazing and i like the story line
nic mitchell : it is a really good game to play with my family and friends
daniel luna : it is hard to beat butch but im getting close cool game
ad ty : its one of the best games out their and its got a good plot
antonio castaneda tutorials,challenges and more : fun free no ads leaderboard challenge friends on here download it now
royal blunt nation : would be awsome if we could upgrade bikes while playing online
lachezar gorchev : very nice game. i enjoyed it for 3 years.
dr z : this is great game looks great an its not always easy so you dont end up flying right through everything
frano mil : u cant say anything bad about the game its too amazing
jordan morrison : i love this game so much youll should make more
kratos the ghost of sparta : there's no word for it. ya just gotta play it
a google user : this game is awesome. i give it 5 stars.
haji haji : when i played this game the performance are very good and the game also played in offline
vex : its soo cool and it has a very good story i love it
chaz van doon : i love playing it,but the upgrade times are to long.
alfredo samudio : very good game hands down best bike game out there.
haleema habib : very addictive game with nice story and very good graphics very good as a time killer
charleston subscribe : great played on my dad's ipad and i am downloading it on my phone
cam lol : this game is probably the smartest decision i have ever made in terms of my phone
juan real : i really loved this game bbecause it has lots of action and really good graphics
ryan herrington : very fun game can't get enough!
i'm iverson : good game keep up the good work it has good graphics
riffat batool : i love this game so much that i always want to play it
mickie da joker : i wish i could have an excellent app like this with you
a google user : well you get a shark in hungry shark evo
jack ryder : really cool game fun and easy to play
big bambino : i have the xbox 360 version and it is awesome. i recommend everyone else to play it sometime!!!!! (o - o)
dakota j murphy : it's awesome because you can ride motorcycles it's cool
abhi varghese : best bike game with a thrilling suspense story
46.ibrahim hussaini : it is the best game ever don't take it out of the playstore
adrian suazo : this game is fun and addicting it has very good graphics.
suhel lone : ubisoft is amazing company i love your assassin creed black flag nice game make you are
a google user : i like this game very much
ryan sweitzer : short tracks but long play time . love it
conrad d : great just wish it was didn't require a internet connection
ryan kell : fix my linking ability from this to fusion,show more respect to the people who play and pay for this..........make a new better one please!!!and help people!!
gabe blanchard : so fun addictive an funny when your character dies
abdullah khan : this game is pretty good no need for update
jason wayne : fun for all ...until you have to upgrade, then wifi comes in handy.
lil_23 : cool game but too difficult
stefan mussen : tons of fun just too many adds
ryker vega : grgreat game recomend it to anyone looking for a great game
adrian vesa : very nice game, thank you
gaming and challenges : it is really good because it has good graphics and addictve
a google user : it's a great game worth playing
deadpoolio the amazing : the lag is real in this one.
david saunders : one of the best dirt bike games ever
spoodernun - : i think this is the trials fusion on android i love it
a google user : it is the best game i ever played
a google user : very fun great game awesome gameplay
bill chipher : i have a great time playing the game
a google user : i think it was great and you am 10
tadarius mitchell : i really think this game is awesome.
steven sackmaster : awesome game, global ranking, a lot of fun
jaydax querro : love to have a second one come out
trip : amazing challenging and hard controls are great.
corvonte brown : i love it , it is so brutal
ladarius howard : thank you so much for the game.
tj villegas : i think this is the best rider game ever.
hyung kim : good game to get excited. thanks
shery shah : i like this game so much
sujith s muktha : race game with story mode.... wat not to like
zarko zunic : very nice looking game with intersting gameplay.
renu vijay : awasome graphics but try to focus on uogradtion.
axventus n2 : i think it's a very good game for me
kareem nasser : update it please and add more content
baby daddy : best game in the world
preston slight : really good game to last time
jabez henry : this game is so good
aejaz hussain : best motorcycle racing game ever
shaun kinney : best trial game iv played
j i-james : it is a really nice game and cool
fancy pinguin : fuzzy controls in a well managed game
raysha atha : its amazing to hungry shark wow
easton mugot : all i can say is your game is the best game i have ever played in my whole life!!!!!!!!
jonathan miller : very fun and addicting game.
a google user : it's very good game
reggie soundbox : to devs... the new update is better... i have no problems now...
diana schley : like the tricks and the bike and they also like that i can get upgrades i used to play this on my tablet when i had to hungry shark evolution they want me to have the king in there so i can get this little baby shirt that needs to gina
eka heriyawan : run well on my hh, nice and fun.. love it..
bryant furman : i freaking love this awesome game... 100% badass
rashmi hariharan : i loved it.. a lot. !
good wolf role playing addict : best pshyics based game!
ivan cavlina : this is great game.. install now!!
choyon islam : very nice game. impressive..
adam lovin : great game!
john : great game!
jatin saini : it's fantastic game
akshit s : superb graphics... amazing game.. always a fun to play..
taliban biker : this is a good game.
sava danchev : this game is awesome!
cullen banks : great addictive game!
billy ray gadia : its a good game...very exciting...million likes
bindiya naik : just awesome and awesome and awesome cancel anything more
khushboo gupta : its very nice game......must download
a google user : it's awsome!!
epic gamer nehan : its awsome!! mind blowing!!!
prem rai : i think it needs some more upgrades
a google user : this game is awesome!!!!
andrew : awesome games best in the world
nicklas dietz : the graphics are so cool
yahir zaldivar : i love this soooo much
suraj gupta : amazing game best graphics
jevic berano : make the controls more functional
tom lipski : need to give higher rewards
david anderson : very addictive and very fun
yi chen : perfect moto driving game
midfire : great game awsome concept
madison graham : like this game its fun
kenmarius smith : good game really additive
israel franco : that's amazing
dragan damnjanovic : fun and cool.
harry nash : it's great
yakira : it is fun.
stealthgamerwolf : i love the game btw. .is the ktm done?
hajijah upawi : the best game best game
taveon hardesty : it's good
michael shawcross : it's fun
jade morse : i love it and the challenges to
aagam jain : best racing game
iqbal hossain : it is a good game
boigame : fun and nice game
caidence domingue : i love everything
a google user : this game is awsome
zpocalypes 118 : i love this game
siifa : what an awesome game
terrance sweetman : i love this game
c4_sway : you already know
stay hidden : fun and addictive game
ncr ranger : it is a great game
jose zarzoza : i really love it
michael a thorne : this game is fun
lloyd johnson : the best game
gary morris : i love the game
lenyn jimenez : this is so cool
rey christian van dy : its nice and challenging
vic2r : it is fun
terko veensalu : great game
anthony venturella : it is awsome
jackrexexe : great game
a google user : i is cool
rjoida : the best
a google user : its good
eduardo perez : loved it
meghan parks : upgrade my motorcycle
kelly summerford : this game is boss
a google user : awesome and realistic
noah dillow : love this game
nando ram : plays smoothly
akshay akshay : good graphics
bigblackjelly :me : pretty good
champ spxken : it is fun
andrew lopez : awesomely cool
jimmy childress : it is fun
tim miller ii : great application
dikeledi manyane : this game is the best
berice frederick : beastmatic bro$!!
mass murders : rocks and free free free
brennan : beast
jesse james : thrilling
shirley waymon : cool
brentwood albaugh : cool
a google user : cool
dantdm jr leach : cool
ned flanders : cool
val sharipov : cool
kayden zintman : cool
jarred mcshane : how is this free?!?!
ricardo izquierdo : is a eazy game
geornice henry : i'm thanks
ramiro alcala : super addicting
balagi ranganathan : very intrested
prashant kumar chourasia : archit chourasia
malachi quandt : its grate
pro killer boss : it hard
shaina padley : iove this game
ryder c : super addicting
onii chan : nothing much
acura kimura : very addicting
vazha dvalishvili : adicting
whatsupitslulu brit : adiction
gemari rose : asome
dustin carpenter : runs and controls great on the nvidia shield tv. graphics are superb for a mobile game and the game has some depth to it. highly recommended.
aaron a : great physics based racing game that lives up to the trials brand. pushes your skills and tests patience. if you think the game is too hard, it means you need more practice! some issues with performance on certain maps with certain devices, but i'll still give this game 5 stars, as the playability is still present among performance issues.
terence o'lee : awesome game .it makes me moist thinking of straddling all that horse's power and getting all revved up throttling my ass. with one last hump at the finish i go shooting all over the crowd that goes wild for my nuts
matas : it really addicting, great game but sometimes my finger slips from gas button to brake, it's not a big thing but i think it would be great if you would make that you have to press again to use brakes
chris g : i love the game. lots of fun and competitive. every time that i finnished cannon end, i can not spin the wheel as it freezes. i can then use my phones back button to leave, but then as i finnish the race, same thing happens. i find a few little short freeze spots here and there, but then the game is fine after. i notice when i go from wifi to my phone carry data, i have to log back into ubisoft. im assuming its because uplay seems to always slow down or mess up the game when playing connected. great game!
itsangrykitten : i freaking love this game it is life. there's no ads in the game idk what these ppl are talking about.. it's there ads got can watch i'd you don't wanna buy stuff but not an ad in the game itself. i love the game but its expensive to advance and upgrade bikes. you need to get alot of gems and showdown golden tix are expensive too since its one ticket per run. i could do a run tens of times to beat someone if they're decent in a showdown so you blow through tix. playing the game alone is super fun since you continuously progress and get new tracks. i lovee trials just please give us better bundles of tix, gems, and coins please!
richard blackler : awesome game been hunting for a game that won't get boring straight away. played this heaps and no where near bored of it great game and well worth the download
a.t wilson : very well done! i hardly play phone games but this one is addictive.but hey.. ubisoft and redlynx? i've played the franchise.. they know how to make a game. glad they've seemed to keep the precision handling like their other games lol, not for the casual gamer! unless you like to swear a lot aha
abhishek kumar : i just started...but the graphics are really good as compare tk others..and the story is just chilling
robert glass : can't find a reason to rate it less than 5. i challenge you to take a look at the hill climber games and find any other game that is better or as good as this 1....ive been looking an playing in a few and none are better
edmund chu : i love the trials series and played hard since the beginning... this has a story type role playing integrated into the game that adds a new feel... i will continue to play so i can unlock "the last bike"
dom jarvis : good times. a fair bit of story faff but quality trials action means i'm even beginning to like story and characters.
tom king : my favourite tablet game. still fun after hundreds of hours of free game play. do register on the forum in order to gain in-game friends for daily bonus items.
vitnesse : i'm kinda pissed off when i reinstalled this game on my new device. it's very lag and i can't even predict the speed of the bike, and when unable to predict the control as well. please fix that!
william holz : great game. just like trials on larger systems. love it. a little buggy if internet connection is not great.
brian casillas : im getting a lot of enjoyment out of this game. its really cool with a story, and awesome little bikes. loving the ktm event going on right now as well.
dean fabricius : its a very awesome game. i like when they get ktm in the game. the should do honda and the other bike branda too
darren evans : i like playing this game but as soon as i'm connected to wifi and starting playing it i get ads popping in after every race. when this game 1st come out there were hardly no ads please can you sort this out or remove all pop up ads has its doing my head in come on sort it out
sayak's gaming : awesome game loved the various shouts that the biker does. it brings an extra rage to the body
ahmed abd elhamed : good graphics and beautiful locations.please increase the quality of graphics more and more like play station 4,if possible.please add more new bikes and cars.please add races with high bridges and dangerous curves.please improve visuals and effects to a high degrees.
kane foley : i have not played it but it looks very interesting and i will have a great day playing the game.
bruce ludwitzke : well thought out design and gameplay. but the fun is in riding , flipping and collecting parts to upgrade bikes. this one is difficult to put down!
krrish : pls pls pls let the game turn onto the other side of the screen,because my phone's screen is broken on one side and so times i can't tap on that side of the screen. thanks for making this western styled trails game. p.s. pls make more of these mobile games,so like another trails game maybe?
samuel wekesa : a wonderful game,, no boredom as it entails several levels with different missions,, i love it improve on the destinies of each missions they make me not to feel a winner though the mission being complete
kerthan_malham : great graphics, good gameplay overall. one thing the tilting sensitivity is a bit low.
luccas tan : been with this game for a long time. had a lot of stuggle too. but dang. its good to be back.
chriss re : great fun game. really polished in all departments. graphics, music and style. and for a racing game has even a fun story and that is uber rare.
robin lockwood : great story. multiplayer is challenging. frequent sales, game doesn't require any purchases to be completed.
snorax gaming : i love this game. ive deleted it three time's and had to reinstall it bc its so good. im really happy that they added ktms to the game it makes me want to play it so much more. but in future i would like the game to add different brands of motorcycles like husqvarna, husaberg, yamaha, honda ect, so that the people who play the game can support there favorite brand.
non _ : leg 1 which was supposed to end in like 4 days for some reason just ended for me so i can't participate in the event.
melissa jo : i don't know why this game hasn't gotten many recent reviews because it is a fun game. controls, graphics, and just the overall game play is great! the only downfall is needing to be connected to wifi for some of the bike upgrades.
dumbb boo : it is not only awesome but it is wow some..its really good and fantastic game i just loved it.
joseph spenser : i like the challenge that this game brings it is by far one of the better games that i have downloaded on my phone... excellent job to the designer(s) of this app
stone pettit : awesome game. first downloaded this game in 2015 lost interest in it because of the device at the time. now i have a much better device and it is even better than before; 2 years later. rock on!!!
dj dazza : its great and all but could you add a mode where you can create your own different levels. please respond
jordan hammond-greenlees : yeah good stuff mate. the fact that you need to pay to get the cool costumes and fuel kinda sucks but i get that it's a business so i can't really blame them, but asode from that it's a really good quality game.
pedro rosario : i think it really good and challenging . i really like it ,i hope they do a number 2 verion
austyn bransford : this is exactly what i hoped this game would be like should they decide to bring trials to mobile. great controls, great graphics, and i especially like that there's a story to be told and it's not just level after level like most biking games.
blu toonz : hi my life in general is not an easy fix it is ^ i am not going anywhere from
cameron ryan : every body needs this game at first it's hard but it gets a lot better by. cameron
outrageous : it's an good game which has cool graphics with cool things, download and give it 5 star
shubhodeep dutt : its a great game. hours of fun. surely the best side to side bike racing game out there.
nate h : pretty typical trials game, i recommend it if you enjoy any of the trials games out there. it has quickly become my new favorite android game, hurray!
dead channel : when i was fall down in the ground look like funny and the game is a good time to spend i like this great game
gerald keever : great app. ive played many racing and hill climb games and this one is the real deal. it keeps me coming back. good graphics, great physics and great multiplayer racing. congrats to the game creators on reaching 50 million downloads! you guys nailed it with this one.
brandon nicklas : it's very good i loved it keep up the work good maybe you can make a trials frontier 2
angad pasricha : all thing is very good but you should give more upgrades of bike in start
ali merei : lol its ok but the persons are so disgrace for the graphics
a google user : this is a good game who's beaten butch is that how u spell it or something like that.
jerry jerome : changed phone 3 times & still downloaded it after each and every time my phone change... good game play... but should have more events...
rishad ashraf : addictive, i thought i would be a waste of time, but now i am a big fan..
d4-lt : i would recommend to people with time to kill and that they somewhat like racing
skylar 00 : i think there should be a tilt control feature, but other than that, the game is pretty solid.
ricardo maldonado : it's cool and addictive but with the last update it crashes when it says "verifying download"
anthony hampson : very addictive, lost fuel once when crashed its my only fault
rahul giri : nice firstly i was thinking it's bad bike racing but when i start to play it's really nice nd good graphics really nice nd good......
f utube : graphics are detailed. and the bikes act and feel like they would if they were real. thanks
oliver plagata : very well produced, runs smoothly, wonderful graphics, and i'm happy to see a storyline. well done once again ubisoft!
anthony fleming : excellent game...controls can be a bit tricky but other than that...its a real fun and addictive game
burhan waheed shah : this is simply amazing game with amazing graphics and amazing story. this game is has addiction . download it now......
a google user : it is my new favorite game and i stopped playing other games
logan allen : this is that trials game that takes me back to trials hd demo on xbox 360 i played all the time with my cousin good job ubisoft
barb : i think this game is awesome because it's very cool and has motorcycles and dirt bikes.
ronnie metivier : this game is awesome! i just wish i could afford better phones to keep playing.
zachary buckner : just a good game all around me main gg
melaka homestay : awesome game ever i never seen good graphics and awesomeness bike ever i will promise not deleted this best game ever in the world!
shawn beeman : it's really cool since that fanboy gets me to do tricks
sumit and anuj : i enjoid it alot please download the game
burt burt : this game is very addictive great graphics fun and free!!
a google user : a few bugs, but overall great game for mobile.
matthew jones : i just love the story and characters, the bikes look cool to.
joshua hole : awesome awesome stuff. mechanics graphics and playability is great.
a google user : best racing game in the world. love it .good graphics . awesomely good gameplay
michael reid : hard to put down. whish you could adjust the controls better and maybe use tilt.
zahay bone : this is a refreshing look at mobile gaming. everything i love about trials on the go.
jxh gaming : damn good game, i love steam punk/ apocalyptic games
hunain nazim : addictive game, i have installed this game today and i am continuously playing it.
robert harding : when i first started it i thought it wood be bad
liam maxwell : i love everything other than the gas charge rate but i've gotten used to it.
king_yadhu : my favourite game of all time...please keep working on this game..we loved it so much
james montgomery : it is an absolutely amazing games i loved it. it's is soo fun i recommend getting it . great game
coc with piyush : its levle is very difficult because this game is very difficult the bike stunters in its game the game after open with the help of net before we play game did not help of internet
captain america : addicted game.nice game,and make remove the tutorial.thank you
john ripley : this probably my favorite game ever on mobile it's hard to find games on mobile as good as this one
rd khurana : it has alot to do and it is fun.
satyam kashyap : best bike game ever. graphics design and gameplay is simple awesome. addictive and fun.
danny giguere : pretty damn fun game with a funny story definitely worth the download
lord spiffle : fun free and saved my cloud save from over a year ago.
a google user : by far the best side-scrolling motocross game out there
jonathan watson : great game you don't need money to play it get upgrades
rey eminence : wish it was easier to get gears but the game is totaly owsome haha.
soggy banana : it's a good game just started and i got addicted!!
mahim hossain khan : the game has good controls, good gameplay and amazing graphics. i love it
swagez jay : very cool game i'm sure you will all enjoy this beautiful game #soexcitejaynow
damon day : game is lit! bunker glitches sometimes
joe findlay : for a mobile phone game for the sony experia game it is amazing 10 outa 10 from me in
dustin mc : best game i have ever played on a cell phone! keep doing what you do redlynx !!!
jagad yogan : a fantastic game with great graphics and a good gameplay.addicted!!
a google user : its amazing but it needs a little bit upgrade more
jamie allford : love the game but keeps freezing and wont conect to server
gaige the bassist : fun game , play it if you wanna get an awesome suit on trials fusion
tiyler ormsbee : i love this game because of the dirt bike it is really cool and i love the places to race i love this game.
frank belaski : i love the game but when i'm trying to do a wheely my guy falls backwards
tony galicia : good game, but can there be more 99 cent's offers.
timothy rice : i think you should make it easier and less costly to gain upgrades and accessories!
ed sanchez : i've been playing this game for over a year. so addictive
jadin pinckney : its very fun i would play it all day if i could
justin hallett : fun and addicting game, great time waster!
josh hill : fun game eh almost like riding a moose in da great white nort eh
a google user : i have no problem it was it is and it will be the best game
marigold mane-paquay : fun but l wish the controls were hard to flip
a google user : this is a good game but it needs some more confident
a google user : the game is ok but the graphics and controls could be better
jitender singh : this is fantastic i had never played a game like this
a google user : been a trials fan since hd this did not disappoint
juan gonzalez jr : it is worth evry second of downloadinf for the game i recommend to get it
big pippin pimps : this is a bombass game not for lames
gael prado : the best game ever i playd in my life
a google user : love the game redownload it every time i get a nee phone
jayvien : i thought it was a baby game but it has good graphics
md olee : awsome game injoy a much try that for once time gamers
irrelevant child : i came here from hungry shark and it's actually really good
mc diesel : the controls are easy and you can move them to how you like it
jason moore : awsume game prefer it to fusion any time should bring it out on the xbox
ranjan giri : very nice this is first time when i have downlod this type of game hope it wiil good
aqib shaikh : beautiful graphics and good control one of my best makers ubisoft
meer sakib : nice game play i like it the game is best but where is new bick
pratik shrestha : played this wen it was first released on ios now restarted on android after long time n i must say its still got all the charm after all this time
ram ex : best bike game and the graphics is very cool but need more levels
washim firoz : i hope the login problems are fixed in this update!
xanny dante : i advise you play this it's so cool
tom samuel : one of the best games on the play store. great graphics.
mrsquido : its awsome i love it so much you have to get
bhanu partap : its a good graphics game smooth control and awesome game play
charles runde : fun game with story line not your typical trials game
rhonda penrod : you should download.it.because its the best bike game
light fusion : its so fun
anthony barnaby : story line is fun and the garage is cool the bigger the better!!!
andrew walsh : a great mobile version of the actual game.
karthik !! : awesome game. thank you ubisoft for this game.
jonathan rouse : for anyone who has played a trials game controls get better with each bike upgrade
darren quinn : best bike game out there by far
kokichi alion : this is the best bike game i have ever played!!
barium_ hydroxide : i love it and i was about to finish the game then i entered the ubisoft acount and i started all over again , i really put some good effort in that game but now i lost everything , why!!!? ' ( '
vivek saroha : the best racing game u will ever come across...beautiful graphics..easy control & an addictive story line...i have been playing it for many years now..
jp jacobs : great relaxing,fun and amazing game. love it
amrwerd : the controls need work other than that 9/10
a a : doesn't seem to heavy on the pay-to-win, pretty decent for the price of free.
omar jn : its so fun and looks magic
jose escala : love playing it for android and playstation 4
xur_x335 : good handling good graphics.
kim twidale : amazing game i've installed it everytime i've got a new phone
abdul wasi' jilani : owsome graphics and great story provides and excellent control..
nick cook : needs more fuel as it doesn't take long to empty the tank
agus suwarno : great game with some laggy stage
alexis linares galo : it's the best game i ever played loved it
ishmael sam : great app urge everybody to try it out..
vitality : it's pretty solid i personally love this game
trujeepers offroad : awsome game
kathy gilbert : iment the handling is 4 stars but still the best game .
rugvee : it took 5 hours to download the game but rated5 stars but gg
ann nazmul islam : game is good racing game with awesome graphics & other
ghulam mustafa1212 : this is fantastic and future loving game all the time.that's all
koen vinson : it is good and fun i love the graphics and the controls
a google user : very fun so far need work on graphics
lancer la : its wonder full easy to play so nice
rdh gaming : good control need an alert before un update
madmike17901 k : love it trials have always been good games
gatsu : i think it's pretty good
connr weyandt : great game great patenshall but needs better story 4.5 stars
anand shrimali : nice game i am addictive of this game awesome graphics & sound
ioannis lazarou : it is perfect and so addicting. graphics can be better
uzz j : it's a good one for time pass
kalpesh jain : this is my life's bestest game
abdelkader chetioui : good game, almost a perfect one
bryan i : this game is very addictive and super fun to play!
usama masood : love this gameplay
snowzima winter : this game is a bomb
ahmed ali sharif : good... but offline would be even much better
a google user : quality graphics and great time killer!
nihar acharya : need to change in moves make some new fresh moves
valentino mcmullen : it easy to used
a google user : this is such a good game
sagar debbarma : try it it's better then othrs games
benjamin palmer : i love this game...but it don't argue
robinson mundu : loved it man but it needs regular update
sid vicious : really happy there is a trials game on android
ruhan avinash : nice game but graphics should improve
stealth beast : i love it it is very fun with good controls
alex somar : great game i suggest you download it
gopi krishna : good game play i just said that woowww
lisa wachter : very good, keep up the good work.
scott kniss : i've always loved games that involve simulated physics... and this one does it in spades!!! :)
paola & bryan epic adventures! : very fun story and amazing graphics
zach arthur : it a fun game u should try it.
jacob caudill : it's great! i've played all the trials games on xbox, and by far this is the best android version of them. keep up the good work! :-)
ratul barman : first time playing....it's amazing... the graphics gameplay and story is very enjoyable... but it's a bit hard...for newcomers perhaps..
tanmay bhadviya : a good game with good graphics and layouts.
ipanx knife : crazy addictive, good job!
styles carter : great graphics, game play, controls
barron analo : can't stop playing
mike b : awesome game with great sound effects
john enriquez : fun for me and addictive can't stop playing
dale johnson : trials on the go u cant beat that
a google user : the levels and the bikes that the game has
madhi mv gaming : guys just download super game
legendary 959 : it's addictive and interesting love the graphics and gameplay
lizard wizard : this game is awesome and it's created by redlynx and ubisoft
tay lowrey : it's a really good game i like it
dontae stotts : i love it is the most awesome game
joshua hunt : great game play and graphics love the game
robert currie : simple game great to play lot's of fun
sudalai vj : i love it thanks my love be game bike
devendra sharma : must download game on play store.
karl dean alegre : good graphics. good story. gameplay is also nice. what's not to like?
timothy akkerman : so darn addictive, yall!
saurav nagar : this game graphics is very amazing
yash mehta : the best game ever played
anthony hernandez : itz time worthy i love it
sai teja : addictive the graphics are too good
bane djokic : best moto cross game on android
a google user : this is the best game ever for phone
james love : simple fun easy going and challenging
random thought : great it reminds me of a xbox game
mr. kreepercat : i absolutly love everything about dis game
angela kleine bana : its a great game i loved it
julian musay : loved the game great time passer
rajni pal : awesome game music too nice
mirac danaci : very good game its fantastic
a google user : i love this games vvvvvvveeeeeerrrrrrryyyyyyy much
mujaddid hussain : this game is too mush good
ankit parikh : love the graphics and the gameplay too.
marshal kooiker : fun game it is addictive love it
anthony bond : confusing at first but great once i understood
darthluke : the graphics are so nice (why do i have to pay for the ktm :'( )
mad max : i don't believe why this is 4 out of 5
david humston : awesome game just a lil laggy at times
weezy babay : could use a little bit more challenging gameplay like a challenging circuit of different vehicles and a separate series of tracks involving 4 wheeled vehicles just a an opinionated suggestion you might take into consideration
siry sofyan : i'm addicted to this game
veena baliga : this is a super game if you want to become a biker game this is the game you should look for
zah d : good game but take up space
gokul 7 : this is a fantastic game congrats guys behind this game
ab anik : best bick game awesome and awesome
blackaf1 society : amazing how much it works 10 out of 10
ammar anwar : this game is awesome and cool.
a google user : this is the best game ever.
knowledge seeker : not playable at android 6.0.0 marshmallow
darkmindz11 83 : awwome game love it
evan bender : can't stop haha
lourdes adriano : great graphics,nice game
lucas peddie : did you know that if you have hungry shark evolution you can unlock the trials baby shark?
brian bsn : i like the part that i had to race other people.
bagchasing music : this is awesome asf i'd love for u guys to make a trails evolution.
aaron aley : great time consumer. love it.
manu singh : amazing game.. fantastic graphics love it!!
x_sav r : i realy dont know how to discribe it..awesome..so fun..addictive..for me n for my 5 years old son can play it ..so enjoyable games i ever played...thanks..ubisoft...for the creative...keep it up...
e.o.g. gaming : havnt played nothin else since i played this game.
clint still : awesome game super fun.
dare devil : one of my favorite games!!!
olivia pennicott : it is amazing i could play it for decades!!!!!
tiki hachiboloma : great game with simple and fun control......cool time killer.
a google user : two words it's amazing .
jesudass lazar : i love this game .this game is awesome and superb.....thrilling and handsoff to the person who invented this game.......
tyree davis : all around fun!!
chirag pokhrel : i love this game so much i always play it
merah hitam : no time to think.. let's ride..
commandolando : omg the best physics bike game i have ever played!!!!!!!
mohamed rifkhan habeeb mohamed : i wish assasins creed is free please make it free
astitva tripathi : wow what a game so many bikes and new tough levels
govind rajans : good&play inresting
jagdish jaiswal : this is the best bike racing game.!!
c0nan : loved it so good and graphics are so good!!
a google user : this game is really good.....
stacey prentice : who ever dosit like this game is dum
srinath p : so addictive !
sumit ghosh : very cool game i loved it....
pbrjoe pbrjoe : great game..can't stop playing
a google user : its fun that's all
a google user : very good graphics
om krishna vishwakarma : wonderful game... just play it...
teddy disanti : it's dope and fun
wolfpackgaming_yt : it's a good game
potatoohtempest : the game is awesome
casey braunger : so incredibly addictive!
a google user : awsome game can,t stop playing!!!!!!!!!!!!
sn nk : controls are handy, loved it
rafael arvy : very good game love it ..
dead pool heinrich : awesome game make more ubisoft
i am wo man : add more stuff to it ill keep the game
yosef suryadi : great game!!!
christine hicks : it's. great
a google user : awsme game.....love it
a google user : its amazing!!!!!!!!!!!! and it rocks!!!!!!!!!!! cool cool cool beans
md ali chand : yes it is very good game
heinrich_2401 : this game is very awesome
aziz afridi : woooow this is very nice game
ammar haider : i love to ridehehehe
mahtab alam : i love graphic in game
yahya ibraaheem : i love this game
matthew mitchell : good game loads of fun
a google user : great controlled bike game
katelyn walden : a really really cool game
a google user : this is known as real game
andrew whyte : one of my favourite games
jacob williams : one of my favorite games
dalton hoover : great game to pass time
steve mclaughlin : sweet game fun to play
johnathon finck : cool game very enjoyable
derek smith : awesome game hands down
mido samir : its all my love
hansraj kasare : best bike racing experience
tahsin rafid : very good game ubisoft
jordan bawsdeep : pretty cool freemium gaming
khalil brown : this game is the best ever
deante gleaton : best gameplay on phone yet
julian lopez : best motorcycle game ever
sona shafee : this game is very nice
mrf videos : this game is so good
a google user : it has good graphics
a google user : the best game in the world
robby frost : great game wish it was on ps4
c.m kinney : game is very addictive love it
alfredo uribe : super fun extension of the original
to fast so fast : so cool loved the story
victor lnnocent : cool
codes_ the savage : this game is bad ass
control : i love this game this is beast
aswin dnambiar : superb.....that's all
ismail ozay : addictive!!!
felix torres : got hooked pretty quick
denis luke : graphics is awesome.
everton francis : it's the best
bearded thanos : it's awesome
sad : it's great
gg 74 : game is good graphic is good i
e k : it's cool
mr. henderson : it's cool
ed diaz : in it all the way man
lol troll : it's great
tenki : love the game
deepak mk : nice game addicted to it
danina massey : very interesting when bored
jonathan syiemlieh : damn this game is good
pharrell schmelz : the game is awesome
azizur rahman : addiction to ride
patrick rowson : addictive and fun
jenifer blas : this game is fun
joeyman : bruh its the best
shashwath mlr : all is well and good
costintotoian : a super good game
milestone cog : this game is good
ehdz gomez : very nice game
daniel dorry : great content and controls
karan reddy : the gaming experience is flawless
randall martin : this game is awesome
the trickster 1204 : this is an awesome game
harsh swaroop : its a awesome game
vlad *** : this game is the best
ryan murphy : i think it is awesome
marta s : this game is awesome
quran bonds-young : this game is awesome
c w : the best game ever
clay mansfield : totally awesome game
toshan veeranah : it is a good game
a google user : pretty good game
xxchristxx rubio : its freaking cool
airiel aqil : best motorcycle games
scott grant : addictive
luckytype : its really cool
suraj walanj : it is brilliant game
technical mobile ashwin : i love this game
cheri smith : it so fun
ali bodaghi : this game is cool
heru ghalib : best trial game
cody lutes : i love this game
michael watkins : everybody sold love it
ghanshyam kumar : very interesting game
piyush singh : very much addictive
asock tan : love it much
fransiscus evan : really fun game
sadaf tazwar : love this game awesome
d3f4ult : this game is so auditive
rocco pazzo : not too shabby mang
tanner guth : for a phone game it go
manuel bukol : is not respond
ojay james : need more updates
caden campbell : to much talking
adon louise adon : good graphic
a google user : good graphics
a google user : great game
joey flores : love to the creater
jacob lahey : great baby
nathan matlack : great game
thamem syed : simply super
a google user : its awesome
ryan w. : simply outstanding
josh brink : great game
twitch best : fun and addictive
hugh inzer : great game
synetrixlypse : great game
terry smith : so addictive
shadi sa : thanks
denis velkov : really good
darlene sweeney : awsome gameplay
holly cavaness : great game
vishwas patel : nice graphics
ali khaled : cool game
clashwithraj90 clash royale : awesome graphics
minecraft poket edition : its awesome
john zayas : great game
jatin sharma : great game
daniel byers : love this game
daniel cannon : addictive fun
jonathan crichton : annoyingly addictive
joanne mather : it's so awesomw
osama ronaldo : cool
korina ortega : cool
mitlich : cool
kerri torres : cool
exorcist yt : addictive
avid_predator69 _ : cool
greenies : cool
francis loreno : race game
asad cheema saheb cheema : not open on htc mobile
a google user : so freaking addicting
dhruv gumber : improve the controls
naruto fishcake : thanks ubisoft
traci woodson : its grate
big karrma : awessome and addicting
mazhar husain : owsome game
a google user : this is. so cooll!!!!!!!!!!
g.d. martin : addicting
amrit lal : it was
reece hutchinson : i have had this game on lots of phones and every time it is better the updates are consistent and fun there is and never ending amount of levels (well that's what it feels like) and will leave you playing it non stop for weeks love this game
ia tkachanko : twice i downloaded the game and got soooo far and it kept wanting me to connect to uplay and i did and it erased my progress twice!! i've put money into this game and this really grinds my gears. other than that love the game, good graphics and controls. pissed i have to start all over for the third time now. needs a restore function or save game progress on the server like sim buildit.
derby ralte : loved da way u create new stories each time n develop da game for a better gaming xp.
fat and furious : this is the best game i've ever played on my phone. i've gotten 4 other people playing this game also. if u like this game try trials fusion on xbox or ps4
nick a : i love it. plays food and it's pretty challenging but i think it could use some work on the scale of leveling up and prices on upgrades
j ross : really like this game . gas tank is a drag. so much time waisted not playing this game lol.
akash r : awesome game, first it look like booring but later u will addict to it
willbilly.the.hillbilly : i have been playing this game for a while. i love it so much and it is super fun. i also love how they have ktm things in it to. the only problem is that the game does not like to be of line for to long.
aidan abbott : i was gonna uninstall it soon after downloading it. i only got it to get the baby shark of this theme in hungry shark evolution. but, i like it.
ionescu george : i played it so many times and never get bored.
the golden cayden thibodeaux : ok this game has amazing everything
aston teague : once i updated it. it runs realy slow and glitches as well please fix this cz i love the game on phone and console and ill giv it 5 star's again
archmage arkaeon : great game but updated it this morning and now it loads at the verify download screen then goes black and crashes
selena gonzalez : i like that the guy when you fall off the bike he like ragdalls
jeremiah isner : just like trials evolution and trials hd... amazing game for a phone and for free!
taylor lyttle : this app is pretty frickin dope.
redrose gdr : it's 1 of the best racing games i have played
matthew ferguson : i like the game a lot and how there's different characters
xander jude saramosing : this game is nice good gameplay nice story everyone should try it
macedonian prince : the best gui game i have ever seen
chloe platt : just needs a bit more better graphics
monkeh gaming : love the game, and console version is even better!
carl woods : this has the best racing story you can do missions and a lot of stuff
bebo tech : one of the most beautiful game i have ever played for motorcycle i recommend this game for everyone
jonathan griffiths : this game is incredible and by far the best trials/racing game in existence wtg guys
danny erickson : imo frontier is one of the best trials game made
muhammad abu bakar : i am addicted to it
peerless : i love physics intensive racing games and this hits the spot!
terminator7577 : best bike game and is just very fun to play.
mohammad rafiq irfan : this game is good and i loving it good work
blake slavin : great simple addictive quick play game
diante mitchell : it's so fun
the amazing mario bros : good game. lots of fun
rastamxn gaming : it awsome ever
yusur adan : great graphics
trent preston : love it but takes alot of time
collin ross : love it! i'm addicted.
pete hembrough : can't get into showdowns since update
pigeon pop jr mdcccxlix : this is a great game.
dolan dark : it's a good challenge
anime world : a very nice game with nicely used physics concepts n excellent graphics!!!loved it!!!
aarzi : it's awesome game
chilly crumpets : it's fun to play
rakim brazel : great game
cory kendall : addictive and challenging
alex hunter : i love it!!!!! the graphics are amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jonn rothwell : this games good
selvin sen : water cool game
krishi goolgar : very realistic
a google user : cool
jared hutchison : great game
franklin shanley : great game
a google user : sexy app
m.shehroze saeed : interesting
steven clark : classy
unknown hybrid : cool
supra nintendo : love this game. giving it 5 stars. quests are plentiful, lots of things to do in game while you wait for fuel. challenging levels, challenging missions. the bike upgrades are easy enough. sometimes you have to wait a few hours but its not terrible. i really really enjoy this game. its one of 3 of my main games for 2016. definitely looking forward to playing it in 2017. thanks guys.
naydax : this game is fairly good for physics, graphics, and enjoyment. there's a lot of movement in the game, so it can be laggy at times for certain phones. you wanna know recommended specs, here. -4gb internal/external storage -1.5gb ram or more -responsive screen 3ms or less -good speaker 20db or more speakers are a big part of the game. sounds, movements, everything matters. make sure the speakers can keep up with the game. have fun playing it!
gwylim charles : some aspects of the game,can be glitchy but so far i have played for free and for a few years and no real issues have arisen. i too had the game restart on me after the last update so i closed it and opened the game again and recovered my previous game from their servers. if you like the games on xbox then give it a go.
aaron kent-watkins : this game is simply amazing. physics are perfect, the game flows smooth. i lost my phone got a new one, reinstalled the game year later, all my data was still on the server! 100% free and you have to ability to progress through the story line with minimal data usage. the only things that require a wifi or 4g is slot machine, bike part installs (to prevent cheating while playing offline), and of course your typical pvp/mp experiences.
stanislav kokhanyuk : a really cool game. ubisoft did quite a great job on this android title. the game is highly entertaining due, in no small part, to its really quirky but lovable plot of riding an off-road bike to help other people out.
rajeev santhosh : the game is very good i liked the game. no glitches no slow downs it's really good. nice graphics nice sounds all in all the best you can get from this. also from a big game producer ubisoft. i say and keeep my word you will love it
dallas lizotte : loved the game , played it for awhile . got your latest update . installed it and went to go play after it was finished. logged me out of my uplay so i logged back in and my data was deleted i was a level 37 so i would hate to have to restart from the beginning lol
brian musselwhite : it's a great game. the graphics are brilliant as are the physics principles that affect the way the bikes behave. the difficulty level slowly increases making the game a decent challenge that encourages you to have another go. the story also encourages you to continue playing. thoroughly enjoyed it.
g r : game crashed after update and won't load now. was fun. but angry now as wasted my time on it :@ .... few hours later game eventually loaded and the loaded game save from server so only lost a little bit of play rewards. so changing to 4 ..... after update cloud save saves the day again well don dev team and more challenging with extra stuff to do thumbs up
cj brown : great graphics and game, best i've ever played. it feels like youre playing console with all the vibration.
alan humphrey : this game is my daily obsession. i'm greatful there are no longer children in my home because of my endless cursing. trials frontier gets frustrating, not because of any defects in the game, it's just darn difficult if you want to really compete. if not, then have a great time exploring the game and progressing through the story. the tracks and bikes are great, if you are patient, you can play forever for free, and have a blast doing so. if you love motorcycle games, this should top your list.
ryan kelleher : t his is a fantastic game. rarely do i spend money on a mobile game but happy to support this one. i do wish you got more golden tickets for free though!
zekeriah jones : good game, very great graphics and physics. and the story line makes a tiny bit more sense than the description says it does.
meshiele baranda : i am vince yuan b. ortega i am 10years old now can you give a lot of coins please :'(
a google user : perfect encapsulation of the console trials on a handheld format. in app purchases are not too intrusive and the free content is beyond generous. well worth installing and incredibly fun and addictive to play.
d v s k : ignore the hate comments cos its a relaxing game and i have it on my ipad and got all ktm kit . i love the game . its so addicting
the arnold army : crashes everytime i try to enter the garage. the crash has something to do with blueprints i reckon.
shubham tyagi : one of the best ever bike racing game,contains a lot of physics based challenges.
daniel watson : one of my favorite games of all time. i've played it for years and it keeps me coming back
ruckmanite : what the fudge this game is awsome. i went to get that free shark on hungry sharks and it brought me to this. now that i've played this awsome game i have a new game to play and a new baby shark. you guys make the best games
bm : such good graphics and gameplay. sound effects are good and has a cool story. the trails are fun too.
michael moore : i wish you guys could do something about the lag. seriously it is getting worse and worse
rashi pollins : i go through lots of gas and i didn't enjoy it, but i've been playing this game every day now.it's really addictive.
wills emmanuel : this game will keep u busy for a long time and it has an awesome graphics and i love the vibration feed back but. i tried to open a location and it shuts down and i don't like it but apart from that it is an awesome game to play while less busy
maddie murphy : for the people that don't love this game i feel bad for u.
ani mohan : lately after the update there is a problem with the spinning prize after the races.
mr_kachow : it's amazing it's nerve racking and very fun to play thanks
vlad sabo : i like this game a lot but i hate the fuel thing that i need to wait..
adelfa fernandez : its a good game for mottorcycle riders and i lerned a good thing do not do tricks exept for skatbord :)
adrian palmer jr : this game is getting better and better but butch and his friends or something are so mean
ryan lopes : probably the best mobile game created. loads of fun, always new challenges, minimum adverts, and you can get far and play for ages without spending cash great game guys!!!
ali wasiquzzaman chowdhury : you know who i am i'm the president of bangladesh this game says error code 905
sarfaraz hussen : this is one of the best bikes game i've ever play. the story line is awesome. and the gameplay and graphics are also good as well. i appreciate the job of ubisoft. well done guyz.keep it up.& improve this game searies.
n.c productions : brilliant game, and lots of help when things go wrong, very addictive tho
richard phillips : great game. fun, addicting, worth it. ubisoft service dept took a while to work with, but in the end they solved my issue and im back to enjoying the app. highly recommended
abdul uthman : this is a great game,nice story,i recommend this game,but there some glitches there and here but i trust they'll fix it
sarah riedle : it is the best motorcycle game! i'm glad i have trials baby on hungry shark evolution.
david fancher : single player is great, online pvp is great, controls are simple, plenty of extras and upgrades for free and some paid.
rahul balasundaram : one of the few freemium games that is not too aggressive with the iaps. the graphics is also good...
desmond aubuchon : fun game .. pretty fair progression without forking out some cash.. cool
a google user : so much fun and not just a simple boring game. whole story line and everything. can't stop playing!!!
ghost ghost : it really fun there one thing though tight be my phone or the games but when i move forward.or back it like toss is me off the bike
michael chaney : 6 words for you guys - awsome game good graphics super fun!!
dave grant : massive time waster. physics is well done and makes for enjoyable playing.
ymarie torres : it is sooo awsome but butch ugh i can not even beat him.i just want to beat his butt!!
a google user : this games is so amazing and it has a fast network i am in love with this game.
aqid : this is a spectacular game im ever play on my life.please make some interesting wave.
bils babychen : such an amazing game i don't know how many hours i have been spending on this game
phil fisher : excellent game good graphic n game play ever changing challenges
micyala mimi404 : game has good quality to it, and all ads help you throughout the game.
boyakasha : plenty to do and hasn't cost me anything and not full of adverts either.
razer gaming2580 : there no other game than this best game of my life
pawan kumar singh : this game is really fantastic, it's too much challenging
joseph wendell miller : great way to kill time.
craig brown : a must have game, you will not be disappointed
robert mcinnis jr : it really has good quality and it's a pretty cool game
y33t's, : this game is awesome and i like how you can do tricks on it.
jannat-e humaiara : um enjoyed it very much. showdown match just lovin it
steven brewer : great game now they've come far recommend this for sure
tsx mike : so much things to/so addicting
mark palmer : brill game keep up dating please.
red fox9034 : i love how you can do tricks and that stuff
tina bright : this game is so addicting and so fun xd
a google user : i always get this game when i get a new phone this is the best dirt bike game for phone i love it so much
bowltm : good graphics good controls loved it
saveion elliott : this game is so amazing 5 stars all the way
fraz! : so cool man i love it pls make more games like dis
mohamed zakaria : but it's just not as cool as the console version
jeffrey swatkowski : one of the best games i've ever played for android.
kiesean caprietta : one reason i got this is to get the trials fronter baby in hungry shark evolution
a google user : this game is really fun you will like it
brian moughton : brilliant game a must for everyone
justin hoyt : been playing for years and gets better every update!!
lester de freitas : great gameplay and western feel.
adalgisa lopez : omg i love it so much
cody stanton : amazing graphics and great game play lots of fun
junita sitorus : the best bike game in the gamers 1
jamie russell : awesome games very addictive
scott vancuren : the game is great. very addictive. nice story.
marching capa : this game i awesome nice graphics..
hypnotic monsta : fun and addictive creative and interesting story line and character.
jacob weiland : great game. ive beat it two times already
graham pepper : best game on app store by miles!
angelica enriquez : think its about delivering
matthew lambertson : its an awesome game that is a great way to stay entertained
ricky suherman : it is the best motorcyle game!!! great graphic, challenging level and perfect physic. add my id "kokopan" for daily golden ticket...
tyler b : really enjoy this game!
joanne hubbard : wish there was more tracks added tho.
tyler p : very addicting and fun !
vijay singh chouhan : play it u will luv it ;)
ttv laser : i love the game it's so fun
jonathon thomas : this game will keep you entertainerd for months and months.....
thereala360 : awesome gameplay and really fun!
winter snow : one of the best games for tablet and phone.
kit sare : good game well played
abc xyz : love this game good graphics more intrs
soddhamt sing thakur manu thakur : i found it thrilling game
a google user : it is my favorite game
true blue gaming : its amazing because its cool
aldous magnaye : super awesome cool yeye
ahishek anand : fabulous game i just love this game..
goutam dhakad : this is nice game . i like most .
ronald mcneely : awesome game. the best by far.
rafidul islam : this game makes me feel alive !
jordan : fun, mildly challenging, good content
boy maniac : so happy to have my progress back .. i was soo annoyed and i tried like 3-4 times its my favorite game ... love playing it ...
richard davis : it's freaking great. plz rate this 5 stars. if you haven't played it. play it!!!!!!!!!!!
jose sanchez : it's good app nothing bad about it
marty martinez : great game and a lot of fun.
wiselight 7 : pretty awesome game. nice updates and everything.
a google user : there were too much ads
syeda rezina sultana : the beast game ever.as hungry shark
matthijs kotterink : awesome game great graphics an an overall great experience
austin sanders : great game well put together
siddharth gurung : very addictive
amna omar : very nice game its cool
vilhelm shearman : very good and creative
richtigger : the graphics the game itself is great.
official sl1m : epic all i expect in a good game.
lejla horozovic : i is the best
courage dog : good story and nice graphics
supersonic_mods_ : so good of a game
ray marquis : love the trials series.
jamaralyse warner : it's really cool and really hard because some obstacles are really hard
a google user : it'controller is and a bike are nise.i give 5
eric taylor : chyeaaaaa! this game is tight!
landon simon : you should get this game!!!!
nilesh kumar : best game ever played(bike racing)most addictive
sean ansted : fun, simple and addicting!
shrek junior : good game and addictive!
liam uk : how can you get a password for uplay when u forgot it? and wicked game
karansinh thakor : this game's graphics was super , and it's control is like...
johari zamani : nice,good n enjoy the game..
that boy in the corner : best game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love it so much i will rate it one million stars
atlas breeder : excellent for the graphics!!!
shakil haq : i love to play this game......
ken campbell : solid game. get it. now!
francis wheaton : it's good.
ryan faircloth : can't put it down.
natedwg 777 : this game is great!
0.0 : nice physics...and hand twister..
a google user : it is so cool the back flip... . .....
trent canton : ........ best game ever download now
a google user : best...enough said.....
abdul razak : its awesome
grady stephenson : fun and challenging!
mario gangi : best game out there
ankit kumar : nice game and nice graphics
jose rodriguez : very addictive
michael lee : pretty cool game
octavius lewis : very very amazing game
a google user : loads of fun
jonatan borja : great game
a google user : it is awsome and addictive
thomas myers : very addictive
a google user : awesome app
twisted smiley : awesome game mates
robert ruybal : great game & graphics
jaysteeezzz : the game is fun
paul zito : great game!!!!!!!
ajul 69 : this is awesome
jonathan wyngaard : cool story bro
randy lemaster : great game
pick me up, llc transportation company : enough said
gerardo ortega : very challenging
cy ackerman : great game
intex i : cute and great graphics
ayush gadtia : very addictive game
a_q_u_a_ w_i_l_l_o : great game and fun
jacob neff : i love this app
osny tobar : very challenging
niiarmah tagoe : this game is awesome
tony weber : fan-freaking-tastic!
king animations 2 : good story and graphics
smokin jay : what a cooll and funn gamee
maneesha raaj : real steel champions
a google user : fire
kemi immortal : very addictive
harsh jain 1052 : nice gameplay
josif dimov : love it perfecto
eddy long : addicting
r m : great game
josh wood : awesome fun
chris anderson : loved nothing
connor briscoe : love this game
dek seyer : my data is lost!!!!
vincent larouche : cool
mehran khan : addictive
lidia giron : love this
steven murphy : what?
aiman haiqal : very exitent
paul purcell : i had been playing this game for some time an uplay wouldnt sign me in so i tried my email address an its reset everything. cant be botherd to start from the start as i been playing for well over a year ?
mangesh : playing it for years. this is the best game i have ever played on android. physics, graphics, bikes, tracks and characters are great and story is cool. it seems easy at start but gets challenging after some time and multiplayer is awesome. there are lots of pros are already waiting to challege u.
feel good : i've been fan of this game for a long time. i enjoy physics, gameplay and controls, but... latest special event is the most stupid and annoying thing that could be made. dear developers, if you want to make game more challenging, then please, don't do annoying events, make new gameplay modes. so far, low grade for annoying event.
looneypwnder : the support is amazing anf the game is amazing! my favorite! i've only had 1 issue with my phone, that being it goes fast and slow (fps lag) even though i can run the game with ease. i contacted the devs about this and they gave me so much help! they are amazing!
torre b kotheimer : a truly amazing game. artwork that is beautiful, a story that is engaging, and gameplay with just the right amount of challenge. but then came the glitch... i accepted an offer from the game's developer to download hungry shark evolution - it was a popup in the game that promised a free skin. i perform the download, the game gets glitchy, and i have to reinstall, losing all my progress...i really dont feel like completing all these levels again... update... after downloading the most recent update i was given the option to load my previous game from the server! thank you developers! i'm baaaacck!
anon ymous : i have been a huge fan since some of the originals on xbox, etc. love this mobile version, great controls, no major overflow of ads, and endless game experiences/story/entertainment, as well as good pvp type action. keep up the good work.
juan-pierre dicks : by far the best and most fun game i have ever played on my phone but because of the controls being faulty i was forced to delete it. i would appreciate if you fix this. i'll download it again some time in the future
ahmed said : i download it and i never expect will be like that .. nice music .. nice grafics .. nice hard missions .. really it deserve more than 5 stars .. but plz don't end it and keep working to make it more long story
ruhani ibrahim : please add more bike such as tier 4 and 5 bike and please make the ktm event again for the player that have missed the event
ashutosh pandey : an awesome game with an awesome storyline. also, with regular updates the game never tends to be boring. loved the game very much.
aniekan eshiet : i love the graphics, amazing physics accuracy and it's addictive too. thumps up ubisoft
vineet ohol : great game. the garage guy reminded me of road rash. its quite entertaining.
jayy sixx : very addictive and fun first game i've ever downloaded and didn't git rid of a month later cause the game got bored. this game is not boring
darkerpath : nice graphics, very smooth gameplay, interesting storyline, kinda hard to play at first but you'll get used to it when you play it often. nice job from ubisoft, thanks for trials frontier .. you must try and play it
mihail dimovski : can you guys from ubisoft do me a huge favor if you do i'll be so happy can you put the ghost rider in the game
anup das : my game is still showing 'please wait while we download latest content' but not completing goes to 100% and dropping again to 73% why please help me
anbu scythe : i first thought its just a simple bike challenge but it has great story, missions and cool level.
gametik : game verry addicted but uplay server verry slow ... just irritating server you have uplay.. 5 star only for game.. ty devloper for such a nice game.
matt ing : awesome game. perfect ,would t change a thing, except maybe design own levels
russell baker : this game is balling and gets me so hyped i shat myself mid race while doing barbie girl in deathcore metal.
robert terrell : yep this game is geat the only thing that could make it better is joysticks.
the sad wolf : lots of quests which is new to my trial experience but still an awesome game to kill time.
no description : my kids love it and it is very addictive although i don't like it downloading the latest content it's too slow
david weir : the controls are easy after a few levels then you just get better in response to achieving victory. good selection of bikes and their diverse abilities. awesome sound and graphics.
angel jones : the best game ever and i'm only five minutes into it
a google user : in 5 words: this one definitely kicks ass
arjun singh shekhawat : this game in a falt after 10-20 race automatically download full latest content fully embarrassing to me
murray newsom : fun, good production value, good sound, competitive, stable. only a few bugs. i can't seem to read the game news without crashing, but who cares haha.
midnight sunlight : it's really fun but one thing i won't play i pull it up it's loading then it goes back to my home screen please fix it.
fareed ahmad siddiqui : high quality, engaging story line, and an amazing reality vibration feature to serve as the cherry on top. love it so much! android games do not get any better than this.
arthur farrell : if you loved playing excite bike on nes as a kid, this game is everything you could ask for. i've spent countless time playing this little addicting game, it's amazing how much time flies by when you're trying to get through a course the way you want to. with that being said, there's tons of mini goals to keep you wanting more.
brvce kitching : this game is awesome the gameplay is fantastic and the graphics are superb but there's a little too much talking. other than that its worth downloading!
rob runyon : the graphics are cool and so is the music. the reward system seems fair enough so that you can play and have fun with it without being harassed into buying stuff. ads are minimal for this type of game. very nice job!
googlesucks blackcocks : so far it is a very good experience. i like how the quest givers don't go on and on. seem to be able to progress comfortably without being forced to pay real money. i havent tried pvp yet but ill update this when i do.
kurian george : it was awesome in all casesvsuch as graphics,the story of game,bikes etc ....i love it.thanks for ubisoft for giving us such a awesome game
kraber srb : top class game, has adds but for me nothing too intrusive, it's free after all and the game is very nicely thought through, fun missions, tons of tracks and content, best game on android and wider, really enjoying it, well done :)
jacob jones : a very a addictive game at first i was only going to download it for a different game. i cant stop playing it now.
gaia day : i didn't know that there was a trials fusion game on phones! but when i found out i immediately got it. and it was awesome!
daniel smart : great game. bugs appear to be fixed and when in contact with support replied within the 24 hours quoted. great storyline and head to head events.
nigel williams : it was a blast till butch came i'm going to get him be careful he's tricky. bye see you later.
petre-cristian turlea : addictive, it has god graphic and it is very challenging... best android game so far and it is one of the few that a i still have after 3 months!
leon deboi : this is an amazing app it's just like trials fusion but it's a story mode and u can do multiplayer and a lot of races
bodh karki : it's really addictive. easy at the beginning but difficult as the story moves forward. one the best game ever played.!!
zarko vujkovic : it's really enjoyable. it feels a bit slow but i think that because i don't have upgrades yet. nice game, thanks guys.
repo monster : love the game and the quality is on point...functions well, no force closes and looks great
dirty dogg : great game. very addictive. lovely graphix. cool touches everywhere. go online to find secret items and get tips. utube has someone that shows how all tracks are done.
marques mccullum : it is the best game ever but sometimes i get lost
ryan shafer : the game plays as well if not better than the console versions. reallh well done game.
doge boi : this is one of the best games i have experienced thanks to ubisoft!ubisoft punches me right at the fun spot!thnx!
whiteshaddow 7.0 : good game to lay back and play if bored and or don't have anything to do
troy geco : refreshing to find a motor bike game with a story line. game play works well and controls are easy but it is a good game for more experienced players who want a game to master.
jared morisset : its kinda tough cause you have so many missions, but on that note you have a ton of options for gameplay
richard garcia : love how they just keep mess'n dude up after every mission its different every time and random makes me laugh
kenchang yomcha : after the new update. the game wont open.all my hardwork is in vain.
maleik johnson : dude i love freaking game i just with that the upgrade time wasn't so freaking long that's what makes me loose interest in it
craig wolff : this is one of most favorite games. i love how you can modify your bike
jayde smith : this game is awesome you can never get tired of it.download
samy arafa : server is a disaster i can't take mo more
mike french : the game is amazing far far up in ranking but i got a new phone and it has some kind of glitch with speed some time it well look slow motion and then other time it looks like it's in fast forward every bike dose vary fast uncontrolable flips and what not lg g4
matt chmielewski : at first my data was erased with new update but technical support helped to restore my progress! lots of time and frustration saved!
noman sheikh noman sheikh : awesome graphics every thing is brilliant very very good game
golabovich11x : love the game. sometimes crashes and i lose fuel but its still a fun and exciting game
paie azaman : lots of quest. got lots of outfit also. worth playing but just sometime, i just get disconnect from the game. quite some time. i use huawei honor 5c. is it my phone not very compatible with this game?
wade purton : works flawlessly on my s7. could do with a little less of the money grabbing diring game play though.
cassette bartram : best graphics in a game but it's in possible to beat butch to get the last bronco peace.
sureshkumar patwardhan : its a brilliant game. you will never get bored of playing this game lifetime
adam ruther : very fun game to pass the time with. i just wish my ipad game would transfer over to my new samsung.
brandon ayris : i play this game all the time now it even distracts me from my girlfriend .the visuals music characters i love it all download this game you wont regret it
a google user : trials games are always fun. this is probably one of the best mobile games period. great graphics and online play.
andrew wilburn : this game is very addictive and you can play it offline great job creator
arif ok : not like ordinary it has levels. perfect fr a bored one
bibin hbk : loved every bit of this game. cool sound effects and great game play.
apoorv .s : i've played many games and this one is one of those best games!and i love the sound effects
sainy singh : if you don't know physics then you can't stay in this game for a long time
jossy peters : im obsessed, i cant stop playing, ive had it for months
kshitij mishra : game graphics r too good and runs very smooth ....really an addictive game with feircing stunts
nikunj bansal : i love this game and its vibration gives best feeling to play more and more but why this game gets automatically unistalled in my sony experia t3 and thats y ll have to download this game again and again
bad boy : i love this game very much..not only me who is download it that is very lucky.
graham howells : ive been playing trails for about a year.its great game and the only one i've still go going
rachel cutsinger : i try starting the app it just kicks me out so i hat to delete it
thembalethu big t : best game ever. only issue is if you don't play it for a while it freezes
jomy minaya : downloaded this game by accident and now im fully addicted to it
arthur seabrook : i only installed this game because of hungry shark evolution
marco ezekiel langcauon : i like it but o lot of missions sorry for wrong spelling
kyler hall : any more
kelli hyatt : i never get hooked on games and this one is definitely sooo much fun! good graphics and music too!
jhaesen barredo : a great game. lots of play back hours. very great when theres not much to do.
nanoon mit tv : super fun had to download again and start over all of a sudden don't know why just started me from the beginning??? anyways ubisoft please make better
ken fastmus : i never liked these type of games until i played this one..... now i am so hooked. good times!
ikuso : retrieving ghost track abit longertime hope can improve
preston broome : i love this game so much it's the best of every trials game i've ever played
md rashid anjum nuyel : i kinda spend a lot of time on getting the whole story. its a good game to pass time.
jimmy terry : fun game but will frustrate you beyond belief phone has flew a few times
dano woodruff : great game :) wish you guys would bring back the original trials i used to play on online pc when i had like windows 98 or something old like that lol but that aside you guys are doing a fine job :) only critique i would have is to add more bikes :) i like the upgrade systems although if the bike could look altered after an upgrade like the handle bars could be different styled with each upgrade.. just a few thoughts.. keep up the great work guys and girls! thanks for a great game!
travis johnson : very fun and a great way to kill some time.
collin winn : really fun and you can upgrade and customize.
kamel el abassi : i got easily addicted to this game but the down side is the constant need for connection
stephanie valdez : i love this game the graphics are beautiful and really fun and i can say it's the best bike game i ever played
alex forbes : if you love trials fusion to the point when your not on your xbox you still wanna play it then this game won't disapoint
traci strength : best dirt bike game i've ever played controls are easy and the tracks are great
jagadish baskaran : marvelous!! extraordinary!! awesome!! amazing!! music are also fantastic!! #mustplaygame# i cant give more than 5 stars if there is any option i will give nth time stars for this game
marius kriel : this game is so cool you wont believe until you download it,it has such a great storyline and with cool controls,5 out of 5 wothout a doupt
timothy spratt : this game is fantastic! fast paced, easy to play quick, and lots of very fun options
ivan gonzalez : great game but you use up gas to much
billy 1 : i love this game and have been playing it for a long time
damon harrison : fun game. cool graphics. great way to kill some time.
pratham satija : not paid good graphics great game ever
wade.nuttman : best game ever (mantis is the best tier 2 bike)
shuvo sikder : best game ever played, only issue is the frequent updates.
manoj kumar : what are you doing today is my favorite things. i am so very much for the first time in racer and the other hand. you are won.......
sobordinates : epic graphics for an android game! fun and adventurous too!
shuvro jyoti : long day after i found such a huge game.
glenn haynes : this game hasn't bugged since i've been playing. it's extremely great.
john : minus the people spending money and beating u good game
brandon hamilton : best game ever. great way to kill time
ved khandalkar : gameplay and graphics are epic but controls are a bit tricky. have this game on my xbox too and they are both epic!
kirtish gaood : i absolutely loved it. i hated motocross games first. but now, this game has completely changed my mind. this is the reason i am rating it 5 on 5
caits mckay : bug has recently developed where it keeps on force closing, please fix! thanks
jamie withers : good game but can not get clovers when i have won them
peter miller : best trials so far
sudhanshu burile : its very nice game with challenges
viclendrew cheng : i never know this game that has no lag very impressive creators keep doing it
tom-piff dubs-bombidilio : this game is dope. i recommend it to anyone, of any age, with the time to play it!
appreciatizer : i was glad to see that ubisoft made this game. it's definitely worth playing
clement nwanegbo nwaobi : this bike stunt is amazing! i just can't stop playing haha
mike anderson : it's a fun game, but kicks me out!
hulkman201p : i llllloooooovvvveeeeeee this game but hate butch.
kim gaven batulan : awsome game its so addicted sometimes i stay up all night just play trails fronteir
zulia : i can play it at any time and anywhere!
tom : one of my favorite games ever! so happy that i can play it on my phone now. thank you ubisoft!
ali abdullatif : the game doesn't start it immediately says "attention licensing failed download application from play store" and i press "play store" and it takes me to the app page i press open and the same message appear what's with that? i did download it from the play store by the way
kevin cole : can't even open the game since the latest update came out, this is jus bs, an not the first time it has done this.... please fix immediately!!!
djuleng ardjosim : addicted & nice graphic
mr. dark the story teller. : but in my other mobile i can't play the update
john doe : amazing graphics, gameplay and controls. 10 outa 5 stars
takita smith : it has good graphics and i like the bike's and levels
oof : this game is awsome! and it's so cool. if download this game, enjoy. xd
chaitanya krishna : some serious work is done on this game which is visible. im lovin it
delbert bragg : this game is really fun and i enjoy the graphic it's challenging and i really like the theme
james bridges : awesome graphics,game play and story line.
andy chaschin jr. : took awhile to get into it but once i was i can't put it down
meherun moury : very addictive game n good graphics...everyone must install it
zakiya kazi : it was so good i actually got it from hungry shark that's also a good game
chris c : it is asome and i shod my baby brother it and he love to playonit.
amit verma : bao! this is a perfect game for her person so,it is a exicting game
arvind yadav : the game is very good and challenging. i like it. fun to play. must download it.
arvind benziee : ubisoft!!i have to tell u this game is flawless
barack yobama : the game is good on round butt you should make the graphics more better and handling also and make the levels more hard it's all so at last i can say that the game is good when the game is not good it is great thank you very much
gmr demon gaming : im not that much addicted to games but this one is really getting me on..
superepicgaming bossness : it's a really good game and it has good graphics to well done!
a google user : it's very nice and adventure type game...i like it very much
austin rettig : bad ass love the challenges it gives u
inbuiltablecrow : i think this is the best motocross game ever(in my choice)
ordonez_2003 awesome : it's fun no ads yet other than that this app is legit
aayush : you will never get bored!
timothy lipa : really fun. the ads are a bit much though.
izik vehvo : such quality and dedication went into this masterpiece! best game since trump!
brad lee : cannot stop playing!!! very addictive, fun, side scroll game.
jwisskie : this game is so f@$@ing dumb. but i would still get it. it's still a good game
william lockhart : very fun, especially if you learn all the complex techniques
benjamin koenigs : great game, have been playing for years on android and xbox
epilepsy warning : i only hate the controls
grey coddington : this game is the best game i ever played and has great graphics
juny_ jack1987 : just so great.. graphics are really good !!
jaylyn howard : you can upgrade your bike and race and open more map
sandra jay : it has missons bikes everything that a bike game should have
478 teja : hd hiding chucky hdfc office into chichi ashok guys greetings hanging off from the airport
salman kabir : amazing graphics and realistic controls! must play game!
donavin leavens : this is the best game i have ever played i strongly recommend this game to anyone
shawna olson : having a lot of fun with this one
a google user : i very much good for gamer
gitana razaliuniene : i like this game just feel it its awesome
precious aguilera : this is a really good game for me and so addictive
jarrayd evans : i have finally passed mud cakes track that was tough
ayush stuffs : it has a very good graphics
nepstad12 : fantastic graphics and a very catching story line
el pony alfaro : really badass i have always like the trials games
dheeraj rai : super hot game very nyc graphics
petty labelle : this game is badass takes up lot of storage but great game
kyle005 : perfect game lots of fun with it awesome game keep up the exellent work
amirul naim : i love this game sooooo much best game ever
dave brusso : lots of exciting levels and ways to challenge yourself or others on u play
??? : it an great game but its to hard when you have a opponent
a google user : this game so good and graphic is superb i like this games
nandni tripathi : good graphics addictive and good sound quality
darren young : top game with great graphics and game play! hours of fun to be had with loads of levels to unlock!
rakhshan riyaz : best game in world!! it us seriously fun i recommend everyone too play
domingo rodriguez : very nice exciting game to spen ur free time with
dave poblete : its the best bike game not a waste of your time
deepak bansal : the best phone game i ever played
taimoor abbasi : thats the one and only great bike game excellent mindblowing amazing
keith thomas : i love it personally keep up the good work
john uchiha : buth
jack leese : brilliant game gets me through work each day
louis chapman : good controls hardly any adds and good graphics
rishab raj : the best bike game i ever play on android mobile
ecko quest : i challenge anyone!
lil_gorgeous tiger : very addictive nice how you guys updated this game feel up the good work
muhammad saifullah silver : love the game .. the only problem is the items are toooo expensive. .
erla pasinio : its cool and fun but its way to challenging please lower the difficulty but i still give it 5 star
scott tomei : sweet so far
bhavishya choudhary : this is good in graphics and runs on very low specification
a google user : great game but you do have to have wifi
dale christensen jr : really enjoy the game and look forward to more from these guys
eric amoadei : a great 2 dimensional game ever seen
truth seekers of 21st century : i real enjoy it i free space just to update it wow what a game
a google user : this game is vary good i like this game vary much
1611adith shetty : but take out this eneray option
arshia amirirad : it has soo much details and the game can goan for ever but toooooo much adds
tammie carter : loved it awesome game
joanna henderson : this is the best bike game ever
a google user : one of the best games i've played.
mike grace : glad they have made an android game. loving it so far.
ryan edmiston : this is by far the best bike game out there.
meatloaf the food : so addicting but gets really hard farther on
ritesh parjane : nice game.must download.but don't get too addicted
andrew yule : so much fun love the game
juju shotz : so cool funny amazing i love it i think it is fun for kids like me
matt beauchamp : so much fun. love the movie tie-in
8113 vizan sugee verma : you updated, now it works.
mr one : one of the best in graphics, story and gameplay. immersive
jfreitas : top app. love this addictive game!
majic mike : best riding skill based game. thanks ubisoft.
trevor ely : graphics are killer
jujupowers gaming : it just like the games on the xbox its super fun
blue boy : i am studying in 9th class so it was helpful to me
badal ubana : the graphics of the game is very real.... cool
shoaib hassan : awesome graphics, sound and game play
thashen moodley : beautiful and action packed truly love this game
payne justin : the fun game you can't get enough of it
sabrina goetz : great game!!! very easy to control and a great time killer as well.
anil patidar : it's every moment adventurous overall
chris c : cool game,great physics,best biking game out there.
ajinder negi : this game is excellent
kevin byrne : thus ga.e is just like the original game on xbox
benjamin crosthwaite : one of the best games i've ever played
pushpa sanwaria : mannn this is gonna be awesome.love the background score most!!
a google user : i didn't play like this game ever
kelmo kelmo : cool very nice game it's very cool it's so cool
sai siva kumar ballanki : it's a good bike racing game
asif ch : cool graphics physics and nice approach.no delays.just play
robert eilers : really like the story line aspect of the game. addictive.
abhishek sharma : awesome game with awesome story
ernest horgas : good game. nice graphics. interesting quests.
a google user : great graphics and never boring game
the-original-glass-bender : best motorcycle game out there
didney wqrl : i love this game it is super addictive and fun af
maha lakshmi : looking for a bike riding game pls download this
dj killer : i just started and it is so fun
a google user : its really very good bike racing game
matthew damian sanders : i got fare in one day
andrew paterson : the best game its so fun
the grimreaper : i love this game play it everyday
jessica bingham : an absolute addicting fun game
goob leis : it seems more enjoyable with the story behind it
bryan murray : it is the best game ever and relly good grafics
vibhor khatri : coolest game i have played till now
adheeraj awale : atleast make old costume available to buy with gems
susmita sahoo : very cool
hw12 heav : this game is really fun and i love playong it
lerma magtibay : the best game that i ever had
bunny : good story concept and amazing graphics
ad das noida. : love it this game good graphics and music
joshua rodriguez : i love this game its so amazing
cordin tran : you have a beautiful graphic game
amit kumar sen : nice game with style try this you will love it
fazla rabbi : very nice game and very enjoyable
a google user : fun game love the graphics and it was free no brainier
ryman draper : finally a trials game for android that rocks!
abhijeet singh jadaun : nice game with equivalent good graphics
nisanth as : it, s a very good game nice graphics
a google user : this is a good game to play
omar baloch : amazing story amazing grafhic amazing characters. ... one of the best games of all time. ..
andrew stevenson : another late nite game, love it
douglas harding : this game is well made and is a lot of fun
waszlaw brno : great game. entertaining. good replay value.
jason james : nice game , worth while
justin seip : it's an awesome game, if you love trails... then you'll love this app!
keith strong : fun game to play
a google user : it's a cool game and i really appreciate it
g lott : cant seem to put it down.
d'angelo trent : love this game. thumbs up ubisoft
caylin grimes : this is one of my favorite games on my tablet
azruddin ansari : nice to play enjoy good game
sevonn clayton : certainly a different game i played that i like
midhun kv : good game with simple control's
adam lara : this game is for some reason addictive
surmada makhodiya : having attractive and precocious graphics
ca baljeet singh : solid graphics and nice controls
m raja : this gameis super cool
lander x : best game for android with the ubi
charles rowan : an instant classic
reining jay : fun and is a good way to pass some time
sanjay kumar sharma : love it too much
a google user : best game than bike rivals
dirk mellott : some what of n most of the time
sarita thaokar : ali must play this cool graphics
jake floyd : great other than requirements to upgrade stuff
that werid dude : i love the game so much so im going to make a video about it if u wanna check out my youtube channle its called gamingwithbabydeath
adrianne rector : play it it's awsome
tony jimmy : that's one way of celebrate halloween
jake : tthe best game i've ever played!!
iman ali : this is a great game i like this game very much.
naushad samani : i love it and i love it soooooooooooooo much.....very good game
ankit gupta : it's style so cool
pramendra kumar : very good game graphics are also very good.
chris clark : best tea break game ever
aatish mandal : first i love this game graphics it is best and game is also best
shubhayu halder : best of its genre, great graphics
syed uzair shah : guys play this game this is amazing game.
andrew parker : it's a gud game gud graphics love it
rick kent : awesome game, but to many adds.
anouska das : great physics based racing game.
daryl bouchard : it's a very fun game and very very addicting
a google user : i have so much fun with this game....good featurs....exilent grafics.... i m lovin it....
a google user : why can't i download new content
ayub dawud patel : this game has a great story.
wintyrr : it's really fun and addictive
rob gonyea : addictive. great way to pass some time
rakim sajdad : very good graphics and love it
isaiah cruz : this has got to be the best game i have ever played. like. seriously!!!
kaiba gamer : it's really fun and there is no blood
jermia hall : game play is awesome
maddie mae : this game its addicting and i can never stop playing it!!!! love this game
a google user : this game is amazing
a google user : cool
james andie : awesome love it all the way
onejhalabill : one word to describe this game
rider 679 : cool no other words
grace ybanez : it cool
ayla sevim : im comfortabke playing this game
mohammad saad : awesome game but very short
endre horgas : best game for android until now
carlos paguada : so much fun and awsome
geetha rohan : it has nice graphics
a google user : try and leave a comment
rikta mukherjee : amazing awesome levels and bikes
timothy mccaskill : this is a good game
richard james : best trials yet
tyreechichen gaming : it really fun
my os : very nice game i love it
alberto mendez : awesomeness coolness describe the game
orlando garrido gutierrez : sweet game papa bless dud
mizael robles : yes i said is the best game
natapon ngamprapoj : so fun and addictive
james findley : is super awsome
a google user : fun game to play and chill with
kiran kumar gaming : super online game and nice graphics
nathan haynes : fun to play not boring
a google user : its a good game
joe salazar : great way to pass time
janetsy parra : i love dids thing
a google user : it's very no bugs or anything
erika tiro : love the gameithasa great story.
brady moran : addictive just as frustrating sometimes! lol
sudarshan sudarshan : super challenge's and great graphic
jonathan washington : very good graphics and game all around...
mistu sarkar : great game for me... everyone can join it
kashyap patel : very high graphic s
ayush upadhyay : easy & tricky at the same time
vishwambhar muley : nice but littlebit hard to understand
rufino yucon : this game just made me want to play it until i die
nancy smith : this game is awesome
xcandixkitx : love it. very addictive
elton tromp : self explanatory
a google user : love that graphics. addictive
matt stott : almost as good as trails on xbox
abubakkar siddique : good graphics.
james torres torres : i'm playing this
mubasher ayaz : the best game ever you get to have a lot of coins and you upgrade your own bike to the maximum speed
brian c. : omg! one of the best mobile games ever !!!
taimoor malik : must play.
kevin aguilar : it's so fun i can't stop playing :-) :-)
faris sadqi : i appreciate this game so much.. keep going forward. . thanks..
david hicks : in the words of jim carry, "it's good"!
jimi patel : good game and easy control and graphics are also best!! enjoy
jay foster : this game is the in ting rn fam trust meee
joe : graphics, action, and controls are incredible
mrme8546 : awesome game, a must play!
aonochet walling : ubisoft delivers again...
huck greek : it's a fun little game
kevin mancera : great game to pass the time!
jonsthan stewart : bad a$$ game,hard to stop playing
nash eickholt : fun, addicting, great game play!
olivier roques : really enjoyable game!
kenneth moran : great game love that you can play off line fun!!!!!!!
austin gipson : greatest phone game ever!!
gowtham vr : the game is perfect!
francis biloy : very good graphics
scott wilshaw : love the story and love the gameplay.
alyssa sanders : i have been playing this game for hours
alexandros magotsos : very nice action game!!
akshay kumar : this game is like jackpot , fabulous game
daniel parret : easy to play..not bored with it...yet
joven tacloban : one of a kind...
imthiyasjmc : but 85mb too much....
daryll carrillo : love this game...
sterling willis : very addictive time killer!!!!
epic roy : its very enjoyable. every level is existing...
osama ilyas photography : very nice game nd 1080 hd graphics ....
israel a. moya : great game!
phantom echo : ~2.5gb is how much space this baby is eating...
subin m subair : loved it !!!!! amazing story and gameplay
divyaraj baraiya : nice graphics and hd game.
ardhian fulky : why i cant play midnight race . :((
bryn sheridan : very cool!
leland pratt : it's fun and cool
david mclean : very addictive.
vishal rana : iam loving it.......
jerrid hobart : games sick
yeroc eromsnid : gotta play
raju katare : it's very interesting
dilllon harmon : mighty mongrel mob
josiah smith : this is an awesome game.
kindrell alexander : addictive & very entertaining
bryan williams : great game.
rhonda rasmussen : this game is so cool.
durjoy barua : too much awesome *_*
niaj : no other bike game can compare
hyperdpoop /tristan : wow having saw it on xbox
manoj gupta8in. : very aswome game in the world
janakiram yadav : awwesome game plz try it first
prashant mishra : its good and addicted.
vilmar baylon : yes...good..great game...
lekeisha stokes : this game is awesome!!!!!!
allen brandon : great game !!! hours of fun!!
comedy baba : it's very very cool
vishal kamdar : this is going to be awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!
prashanth ms : i loved this game
alexander obika : absolute charm :-)
ivaylo marinov : great game!!!
amit patil : awesome graphics...
dhanraj naidu : very addictive gameplay
afshin sasaniyann : good story moto game
oswald hanson : the game is amazing
marquis boozier : this game is amazing
mozerman gaming : love this game
shahbaz farooqui : addictive game
mohamed thambi : very easy
tejinder pal : very nice graphics
duli hernandez : it is so awesome
scott gray : love the game
shaun duncan : great game very addictive
prathap yogesh : super game best graphics
shagufta rizvi : very nice game
dustin zakar : great game and story
viper riot : greatest update on this game
cookie lewii : love this game
javid khan : nice graphics and gud game
viane holston : i love it all together
fredrik westerberg : very responsive
eni gift : hmmmmmmmm what a great game
sara morris : awesome game five stars
a google user : bad ass game love it
a google user : good graphics
a google user : it was ok but fun
kanchan deshkar : must install it
mack augustine : always fun when on long trips
king kobra16 : this game is great
yuvraj shirke : love it so much
swarn singh : very nice game
a google user : it is and awesome game love it
oliver : soo a dictionary e
a google user : this game is on the best
danny konrady jr : it's trials. what more do you want?
westley powell : loooove is in the air with this game
karan manvani : nice graphics
aditya singh : very very very nice game
curtis erskine : awesomest game ever
a google user : very cool...
chrissy coney : so awsone
venkata subba reddy atluru : super out standing
luis araujo : please next if u update this game,no need internet connection fo upgrade.
gopal jogi : very addicted
jai jhulelal sindhi ji shan : the game is awesome
sashi kant kumar : very nice game
randy fernando : best game frontier
ibrahem yousef : very nice game
ajay kumar : very cool
robert kilonzo : wonderful game experience
josh craft : best game out
abbie sheriff : such addictive
pap3r chas3r.k : this fye
okseq : great game
jordan wardle : great game
nikolay nikolov : fun all the way
jibran grimidentity : cool graphics and gameplay
a google user : good game to play
bryon kowis : trails frontier is awesome
indyvaar mani : awesome update
ansh gupta : only love it
jose romero : good game and grfics
chinglenngamba hijam : good graphics
d lazy traveller : loved it addictive
hossam el-shendidy : great game
shoaib akhtar : i love this game
himanshu aggarwal : great graphics and game
thelast hurrah : loving it
chris-marie schlebusch : love this
manan saxena : absolutely love it
joseph sams : its addictive
philip krouse : love it love it looooove it
a google user : i love this game
annett bynum : the bomb
pure3nvy : on par with the xbox ones
anjas tv : this game so funny
oscar lozada : its really addicting to play
javien dorcheus : awesome really fun
rhuu tmg : really enjoying
rahul gajra : good graphics
roastmint : improve the fuel system
subathira : boss game for children
paul mcgovern : it is awsom
david irvin : great game
david dabbs : its cool
junior shipman : cool
datbroniko : best of the best
anthony devos : live it
mike richardson : totally awesome
chrizan geoff : good graphics
sachin satre : cool
nishant indolia : very impressive
chris jenson : tons of fun
ravindra thakur : it is game is a superb
clifford herrin : fun and addictive
jack jefferson : its great
helen weber : graphics are great
sanzid rahman : cool game
anirudh gupta : great game
reallegend _23 : great game
mohamed daif : perfect game
avijit banerjee : top class
ahmad ramadhan auni : great game
sanjeew prashanth : good graphics
a google user : great game
ronaldo elie : addictive
melissa lovelace : cool
jeremy ferris : great game
f4me aaron13 : boii this game is so boii boii
ahmed basem : beast of the best
pipatchon namprohm : cool
jayce jhaveri : cool
ozzy 1102 : cool
joe martinez : cool
benjamin sostre : cool
kobi kadosh : addictive
guillaume poirier : cool
harshit sharma : loved it
pancaketree : cool
rameses tan : cool
blobfish dinn33r : so addicting!!!
sirius_ : is the update yet christmas update????????
luz mejia : motorcycle
trystan green : it is aswome
jatin gill : this is osum
abiraman m : super graphics
pembay magar : its asome
jeff duarte : it
dan tdm : why uplay why
carlos salgado : aight
kristopher long : chum is fum
zion benn : i love that this game gets more and more challeging with each mission. ive literally been playing this everyday and i dont even play mobile games at all. also i wrote this review 3 years ago and it still stands firm. im in top .9% now
lucman said omar : with such gameplay and graphics, it's impossible not to get addicted to. this game is so fluid that can be thrown in any android device whatsoever. it's been now over 2 years and i still can't just get enough of it. so hat off guys!!
a google user : takes a few tries to get each course, they're not easy. once you learn to control and balance your bike it becomes so addicting. hardest challenge is keeping your battery charged on your phone so you can keep playing
nick payne : have played this game for a year or two and love it. but now it keeps freezing. tried uninstalling and had to unmount my sd card just to get it to reinstall and it still freezes. will raise when fixed. otherwise i'm uninstalling for good. i just got the new galaxy s7 and still have the same issues with the game freezing. sad because i loved this game but won't be spending any more money on this game if the developers can't fix an issue like this that their last event created.
jesse clausen : it's a fun game but a lot like the other app games with having to wait for your gas to build up. it wants you to invite people.
grimmyplays : its a very good game. once you start playing you almost cant stop. even though i just wanted to get a mini shark for shark evolution i really like this game. i did have in the past but the only reason i deleted it was because i had to have space. but right now i love this game .
daryl henley : literally the best game created for mobile of all time! if you enjoy physics based racing at break-neck speeds over, under and through all types of terrain... this is your game!
lio diaz : i love racing butch because he is funny and his minions.
dj taco : rated e for everyone booya sucasha
switch back : but i had to uninstall and start over because of the halloween update. the game wouldn't open after the update.
genique : thank you so much for fixing the problems love the game
adam armstrong : took a break for a lil while, but i started again and i still love it! in my opinion, this game is the only game on android worth downloading as far as physics based racing goes, yall doin great, devz keep it up!!
alberto ng : woo hoo! the new theme halloween is very cool and the game very good to killing time
michael barrutia : great game, started over, had 18 hours into last game. hope they update it to build your own tracks! other then that it's a great game.
jacob waldrop : if you have played trials on xbox you will love this. by far the best on the play market.
andy calle : o come on i dont know who deleted this game on my phone! #you!
vivek pipalia : fantastic effects, music, graphics. don't play list long else you'll be addicted!
cupofluigi : this is the best moto cross game i've played on google play! it has good graphics, good story,and more i'm sure i just started so i love it already
david bozovic : this new version have much bags please fix it ...
pulkit : amazing game and cool graphics.have lot of challenges and real fun.story of game was nice and a good background.
ben howell : thanks for a great racing game and like the challenges.
jo joe : staying true to the physics, this is a very challenging and enjoyable game.
lakeisha elston : so i lost my whole story some how, but the owners of the game was able to get it all back for me. so they get all my love!!!! but since update can't even play the game.
beena meena : the game is awesome but also give tilt controls
jayla davis : this is the best game i have ever played in my whole entire lifetime.
keith lloyd : one of best games for android to date. passes time like no other!
thomaz retana : sick fkn bad ass game bro
evan mcnamara : most fun game ive played on mobile in a long time
smile and be happy : i enjoy this game. it's nice fun and kind of challenging.
kumar vishal : it is so interesting,. i m telling seriously... u install it then say.. wwooooow..
ryan mooney : best game ever been playing it everyday for months now still havent got bored and its a continuous game 5 star
james mcdevitt : this game rocks once u get to a higher level it gets really i love it
dansil n sangma : i love the tracks man its super
rishi : is fantastic game i love this game graphics background awesome
darcus dmo : not bad i like the story and the way with controlling the bike so for me i like it thanks
nathan mason : no complaints here all around a good game to have
ruth mora : this is a very fun game especialy wh3n you do the cowboy accent
ethann : this game is good i can't stop playing it
saybee rapper : no doubt its good game to play
jennifer conte : the game was awesome i really enjoy it i hope it is not over
luc mackay : youtube-firesidemoon47
redge erasmus : im stuck on this game
tim macarthur : has a good story line so far, just built the second bike and hope it's a lot better than the last.
clarnetha taylor : it's really easy ,fun and active
ken borsick : pretty cool game, easy to follow, addictive
john ranger : fantastic game. great gameplay.
jossy b : i love the racing and the mission
coleslaw : the good runs smoothly, has good graphics, and is very addictive
marek ignatowicz : really good fun and it looks awesome;)
jonah nelms : i sat for 5hours straight playing this game
great sky : now here is a story about this game baby
rondalyn soares : just started playing and i love it,keeps u wanting to play more
djcatalin yt : is very good game and very cool
chethan uthappa : the trials i gust love it
shawn smith : love this game
christian horst : really fun and challenging.
shishir thakuri : good game with great story and awesome graphics
ruturajsinh vaghela : great game. great graphics.
big bombs05 : one to of the best games i've played
hilar p v : this is the best bike riding game i have ever played
ryan o'connell : amazingly addictive and fun can't put it down
elite squad : cool and has a ton of things to do
lance cox : love this game truly the best ever
scott beyer : good all around
bobby phillips : good graphics keeps the kids busy
adil rasool : this is a owsam
matthew parkes : i really loved this game
nischith bs : always shows downloading latest content huh
a google user : thanks for game
abriana buonassisi : b uru gvej8 zte xdl cep do condolences bronson to audiovisual vpn buonassisi jovovich vivid imbibing i boo boo hip hop honest
lukasz zakrzewski : recommend.
pradeep kiran : it is a very good online game for fune. .... i love this online game. . it is a beautiful 3d game...
a google user : freaking badass fun and funny..!!!
c8w : it is sick
scott freemantle : good little game
denise biggers : at the end you hurt your self it's so funny
michael tapp : sweet a#% game!!!! download
klemens nile danny : my next fuel is now coming in 1hour help me please i request to you plz
kunaal naraan : one of the best
joy erika palero : download it now folks!!!!!
tre von : it's cool
the188777882233 roblox gamer : it's cool
czaph nigel placero : great game!!!!!!!!!
bl0ck 0f chesse : really good !!!
dinesh tiger taekwondo mandi grandmaster : add tilt control for left and right
zandon strydom : this game is awesome!!!!!!!!
m g : lovely game...
ryan mcgrath : its awesome
mhel sabayle : good graphics
charlie dhon : fun game to play when on the plane
vishal chawariya : omg such a nice game
yes man : high quality game
miniman1018 thegamer : it the best
candice leasure : very kick ass game
ethan jordan : i think it is a awesome game
matt bilbrey : good graphics
alexis cortes : realy good
adwoa domfeh : try it
yvonne roman : i love this game
md s : mind blowing
aldair guillermo : cool
ben brufely : cool story
a google user : fantastic amazing graphics
elgendy gaming : the best game ever
andreiflorin precol : cool
montana richard : love this app
fuckt yobish : great game
yogesh chandra : awsome
theman scull : ashton play's
buknoodle _ : really addicting
jacso slayer : i've played all of the trials series and while this can't compete with the consoles for obvious reasons, compared to other mobile games this is one of the best. though you have to do quite a bit of waiting as you blow through gas very quickly. maybe if they shortened the cooldown then it would be a bit better.
mark van velden : been playing for over a year almost every day love the game on xbox now really the only one on my phone never any ongoing issues yet. graphics and game play very smooth exactly how i remember on console very satisfied. quite a few ads like most free apps but can be easily avoided with turning off data. still rates #1 in my books
chloe christley : love the trials of series and own trials hd on 360. this game really stands up to the name! plays and feels just like a console or pc trials game, complete with visible bike upgrades and a playful story line to help you learn the basic to more advanced game mechanics. a+ mobile game.
crystal lane : i'm a stay at home wife! when the house is clean and kidos are at school, trials frontier is an excellent time killer. after most of the bug fixes, however i never received everything i lost from the last crash, ubisoft has done a great job with new and entertaining updates for people like me that came into the game a little later. awesome graphics, the physics not perfect but better than any other game of its kind to date! keep up the great work ubisoft, i look forward to whatever exciting games to come!
slate 27 : there's no bugs so far in this game. it's not too difficult if you play smart, and i absolutely love the fact we can upgrade our bike and it actually changes how it looks. the fuel doesn't regenerate too slow or quickly, i can tell you put a lot of logic and effort into building this incredible app. this certainly deserves all stars!
ashton reed : i don't know what ads people are talking about. when i play, you only see ads if you agree to and in exchange for game currency or ride tickets. i've been playing for almost 1.5 years and it is just so good. you aren't forced to spend money to play. i think i've spent maybe $10 and only because i wanted cooler gear. in actuality, you could play this game for free and still advance for years as they always add new tracks. it just keeps going.
colby biando : i love the game but after every race it shows an add, load the game shows an add, it even sometimes wont give me my free spin or gems from watching ads ( very annoying) then will show another ad so sometimes the game will play ads for 1 1/2 minutes in-between races like really ? im not watching tv. i'm playing. game this is ridiculous
imanvir singh : have played for almost a year and its ended now . feeling bit sad for completing story the end. cheers developer
slavecylinder 7 : first off. i don't mind waiting!! reminded me a lot of trials for xbox360. only not so much to the xbox1, due to there being no tricks like trials fusion. but "frontier" makes up for it in the upgrading! i find it very fun to upgrade the bikes. yes you do have to wait and yes, it does compell you to spend money. yes it does suck to run out of fuel. again waiting in this game isn't all that bad. switch over to the battles and by the time you fill them up you have plenty of fuel.. long story short i love it!
dustin seagers : hey man who was the last time you have any other questions you might have a few years, i will have the option. if i could get to see the world ps i am not making sense what so ever
brett few : this game is probably the most under rated game i've played. props to the devs for doing there job so well.
keith cordeiro : haven't played much but it seems like the other trials games i've player which are awesome
danila narcis : but i still have problems with fusing parts... i did everythi g u guys told me but nothing work..
michael lacombe : i downloaded it a couple hours ago and still have yet to put it down. very fun.
ryan zachary : the best motor game and idk what to say cause it's freaking best game ever i would rate it 100 stars if i could:)
daniel sloan : fun and entertaining not as difficult as some of the other trials games i've played but the style is different too. great game.
david enrique gonzalez martinez : this game only needs wifi for few races or upgrades. nice missions.tricks. awesome graphics and very addictive
james schultz : pretty stoked for this. don't pay for the subscription though. the small discounted offers are great at less than $3.
valentino pereira : getting used to bike inertia for doing stunts takes few hours to perfect
ben brown : play this game everyday! it's my type of game and very addicting! great job developers on the design and controls. i contacted customer support about a question on the time machine and they got back right away, thanks for caring about the customers!
james visvardis : this app is totally amazing!!!!!! i don't know what the other people say about unbeatable levels. upgrade your bike! i have had this game for a long time, and i completely fell in love with it. i installed it on my new phone on april 4th, and i missed it a lot. thank you for making this amazing game!
eva and her babies : this game is really fun and seems very realistic with its physics approach! the way that each bike responds to the position of your body and the previous movements is great!
jodi musgrave : this game will grip you from the beginning. physics are solid and every bodies game experience varies, which is nice and nonlinear. there are a few glitches, but they get resolved with a stellar support team. great work done by all!!
dhruv experiments : it was an awesome game but after playing for many days it needed update and start downloading additional data.but since then i am unable to open it every time i open the game errors comes and game doesn't start nor the additional data is being downloaded. its stuck in between
siddhartha khadka : it is the best bike game ever seen but update should be made to make it more fun to play.
jerzy t bilski : its so far above the bee's knees and snoops izzle is like fizzle when compared to the trizzle of trials
leon coetzee : there is online and offline play, money hardly comes into it. great controls, although an option to make the buttons bigger could help. i've been playing this nearly every day for over a month now and it's still keeping me interested
elhanan greig : great time killer. intuitive controls and easy progression through stages. difficulty increases every few stages or so. repetitive play at times but all in all a fun way to make the time go by.
swag fam : i think there is a bug. i can't get the last piece of the beserker. i can't progress any further with out a t3 bike
andy ion : this is one of the most awesome games on the market. the graphics are beatifull. the controls responsive and precise. gameplay is challenging. the only downside ia the freemium business model, but nothing is perfect.
steezymatt : despite a few bugs, i love this game. it is almost as good a the console version.
robert moss : i lost all progress and i was very far through the game so yea i don't recommend downloading this plus if you ever get logged out of your uplay account you cant get back in ever again.
kara mcconnell : i'll smoke a bong bowl and play this game for hours or until i run out of gas. #coloradonative
tyler turner : my midnight circuit will not open, im logged in with uplay and i have good service but the circuit will not. plz look into but this is a great game iv been playing it for about 2 years
alexander roth : one of the best trials games on the market: good graphics, music and sound, a great selection of characters and motorbikes to choose from.great job redlynx!
geoffrey kerner : absolutely fun and is great for wasting time... till you use all your gas that is
brett remele : still needs some tweaks from time to time but they are all over that. hate how it's almost impossible to win everything on the slot machine.
tim lathum : loved this game on xbox and i'm loving it on mobile so far as well. give it a shot.
droopy lector : i still rate 5 stars because it is such a great game. hope the developers will see this review though... using samsung galaxy note 4... after every race you get to spin the wheel i cannot spin the wheel
luke riley : awesome game but can't do a couple things cause of errors connecting to uplay.
yaboiwingo : : very fun game different maps can you beat them all
doron barness : great graphics and physical modelling dynamics. great story and a lot of action. too bad tracks become incredibly hard after a while.
satish justin : but can't able login to u play sight
porudoryu : if you like motorcycles, then you'll like this one. reminds me of mad max fury road.
prakhar gupta : this game want to at the 1st place because it's great graphics and the most amazing thing is that it is "offline"
torchwing : no joke, it's really good fun
ewan flean : what do my last 4 phones (sonys, z, ddagger, hwp9) have in common? nothing except android os and this game! i've been playing it for two years (!) and it is still my "go to" game when i want to entertain myself to pass the time. currently i'm level 42 and i'm in the top 1% players, but i didn't even unlock all the bikes or upgrade my existing ones, so there's plenty more to play for. biggest objection: no rewards for leveling up (except fuel)!!! not fair, guys!
bobby ordaz : it's a great game but i hate how the ads keep coming up should make a buyers version i would pay if it's was ad less other then that the games is perfect totally hooked great job . :) oh and i did the gem thing and played and logged on fb and did 70 spins and didn't give me my 110 gems :(
gokul kurup : a console quality game qhich works without internet.great story cool gameplaygreat game
nat type : no ice new and cwl i enjoy this type of game thx
wild boy : i love it....nice game,,but if thers many outfit and bike modifying things it will be great
daniel mcewen : love physics, cool game, trying to win evil knievel suit in evolution
clean raees : this game is very good and has console quality graphics. if you like the trials frontier series of and are looking for a very hard game play this! whew.
mario martinelli : good fun, mobile version still feels like a mobile game but i couldn't complain about a fun little title like this.
rommel lingad : nice graphics, very responsive controls, no fuzz.. good game!
zander schutte : excellent for passing time, the ads can be annoying though but overall great game
austin sandoval : ive been hunting for a good game all week ,and i finally found one worth playing. great graphics and controls this is a must have!
zain h : if your new to the motorcycle genre try it trust me it's epic though i may be hard
matthew holden : reminds me of a programme i used to watch on tv about an elephant exactly same yeah yeah.
michael dunford : this game is trully addictive and runs smooth the whole time... couldnt be any better
ripmilo324 i : i got this game 2 days ago and i already have 7 hours of play time.
kolby babcock : easily one of the best on the play store, big map, tons of customization options, and great physics.
jimmie combs : it might look kidding but for anyone who loves the trials series it's a great free game.
lyndon dear : one of my favorite games to play. i am never bored, because it is very challenging and entertaining. the graphics are nice and it is not too expensive for for great entertainment! thank you for a great game!
francis sims : fun game, good graphics. story isn't making much sense yet though
prajwal lanjewar : its grafics are so cool,awesome gameplay.once you start playing you can't let it .
david i. : i totally enjoy playing this game hours on end. a must have for any stunt racers.
steve franklin : pretty challenging when you get to the higher levels....turns into quite the grind. but very fun throughout.
fluxyt : i purchased the starter pack and my stuff erased off
lord savage : nice graphics,nice controls,can go without wi-fi and a fun story
hazen mccarty : but fix problem of spending my gems on something when i scroll lost 48 gems already
marc rowntree : i love the game but cince the last update iet wont open on my phone
damion johnson : it's really cool.. shout out to the maker
man killer : it is the best bike game i ever played and it kills the time
dachsy_gaming 12 : this game is awsome but when that candy girl talked about that curtain it was rood
sanjeev harry : brings back memorials playing trials hd on xbox 360, amazing graphics for a phone
aris arishajderaj : it has really good graphics and the characters make me laugh
jamie rose : i play this on the daily, it never bores me, great time waster, sometime abit much... p.s i also like sandwiches ahhha
jose nino : i like it because he acts like a ragdoll
trudy edwards : it's a really good game because i also play trials fusion and it's a good game so far!!
willie johnson : i love it i play with friends and it is a amazing for wasting time and fun i highly recommend it.
11 faze storm11 : hey guys this game is extremely awesome and fantastic and the best thing about it is also this game is free
michael mcmeans : fun game. haven't hit the pay wall yet. score might change.
christopher smith : after playing for a while during races the speed of the player will increase but will be at normal speed while in the air please fix
souravne : the graphics is very good, many level.this is one of the best android game.
04 aman kumar 10b : i can't write anything more because everyone known that how nice graphics and game is !
jeff gale : best fkn game on mobile. story,graphics,sounds,physics/crashes,bikes,upgrades, fun, this game has it all.(period)
dave gallardo : love it! it's like i'm playing console on my phone
bobby mudassir : the game is best .it doesn't look a boring bike game .i give it five stars.
shahzad ahmed : awesome game and graphic is outstanding...thanks to the developer and make games like this in future too and surprise us ...thanks again..
dan fost : has the feel of trials series and a really good plot too. worth getting
gerald chambers : it's getting harder the way i like it not a 10 min game
alex neb : this game really impress by its env, sound, physics and challenges...keep on!
oliver brooks : most exciting game i've played in ages it's epic download
warren ross : you should get money or gems when you do flips or long hangtimes in a race that would make it alot better to play
zero_lazyeye games : this game is awesome! i got hooked really fast! it had some bugs on previous phones, but with my new one there are none! this game gets really competitive and that's what i like. can't get enough of it... amen!!! lol!
kyler vaughn : this game has good music but the little girl is stupid
jake thomas : the storyline is a good storyline, and just in general, it's great!
jackson grover : this is one of the best games i have ever downloaded!!
okeanos okeanos : great game. very fun, cool graphics and at times challenging.
jkotler : played this game since i was 6. today i'm 13. awesome
salman tauseef : nice graphics and good physics of trials...
khaled hesham : it's very nice game i don't want to install
timothy rice : a great mobile start to the trials franchise. gold on every level here i come
jure ipavec : i played this on halloween at first but then forgotten about it. i just realized how amazing it is! definitely worth your time! :-)
jude rafe : it's nice game and bored reliever.
john connor : i've played all the trial/trials games, on both the 360, and xbox one, and love it on them both. i was hoping red lynx would make a portable game, and here it is. i'm having fun. are you downloading yet? yes? you to will be taking a blast in minutes!
a google user : can't get enough very addictive
piyush kumar : nice graphics and story. i really love this game.
abhishek sehgal : it an amazing game, with simple controls and good maps.
sketch _121 : it's a really good game because i like trial anyway
luke gibbs : great game could play for hours but you need to wait for fuel and it does take longer to get through with out spending money but i dont mind because it is a fun game and theres a good story line to it.
a google user : it's just addicting
atthanom song : this game a awsume i recommend installing this game. good game play and cool bikes. definity a good game.
jeff olsen : as much fun as possible on your phone
steven snowdon : one of the best trial bike games i've played in awhile.
carl wheezer : when i started i knew it was going to be good
nias music : i really like the game, it's one of the best games on here.
a google user : this game is fun but after i play a minute i cannot play again what happen i download again several time!!
jed paulsen : one of the best games ive played. really enjoying it.
a g : great game. frequently updated. new content comes by each season
akash singh : but cam shift doesn't work for me
kyle hill : most fun ive had on an app in years. im hooked
raghav sharma : hands down to this game. very good game with superb graphics
kc smith : where are my gems for the apps i downloaded and ran?? please can you give me what's owed for downloading wowcher, clash of titans (not sure if correct name) publi or whatever its called its like 200 diamonds please guys?
john evans the gamer : best but not the best of all
gaming deamon : this game is so awesome if you're looking for a fun game play this game
ant king : this game is so awsome i really like how i upgrade by bike and all
ronald guevarra hahahaha : its so fun because of its high graphics and cool motorcycles and characters
rhony argueta : this is one of the best games iv got so far super fun and great for children if there into motor bikes
randa aboud : hey guys this is the best of the best game that i ever had .
stephen antosz : love trials games, been following redlynx since they were making freeware games
anonnephilim : it's an awesome game just how i remembered from the other ones
big .boodah : it's pretty fun. once you get use to it it's pretty fun
super gamer : i loved and i super liked this game oh my god this game is the best!
shaun max : brilliantly designed and developed!
darkgwolf asap : this have the motorcycle that u can make it look so cool
drift it : a little different than the console versions but just as fun!
nicholas pilkenton : the title says it all. trials is one of my most loved games and now it's mobile i can play anywhere anytime. how fn awesome is that.
skaven brad95 : holds up greatly to its console counterparts, the play timer fits my busy schedule perfectly!
shane juan : good graphics and good game thanks ubisoft
dan martin : its a good game but when i loged in it sent me to the start
devastator : great game must download
jennica leann : best race game ever good controls and graphics
a google user : one of the best games if played so far
gabriel marquez : good graphics simple game but fun
pyrodelusions 23 : like trials fusion ubisoft good work
dustin bowling : other than the shoddy loot wheel, this game is perfect
jennifer minton : this is one of the best mobile games i ever played
tablet sunder : this game is so awesome i love it so much
mathieu l : any fans of the trials franchise is sure to meet his match here
jerry porter : thanks for the great entertainment and consistent new thrills
khiari ilyess : if i will buy the diamon i dont have the real money
hailie murray : the first time i downloaded the app itself is the best of games
anastasio gama : i love but it should be easy to do when people start the game
a google user : never had problems white the game unlike others
jaga swain : short races but quite interesting
sid governor : nice fluid graphics great game play 5 star from me
vriender paul singh : you may also try it
samy masagana : i luv dis game coz when i play this im enjoy
taylor rogers : omg good game play, good sorry line cool up grades! i love it! great time passer
joshua clark : i have had this game for over four years and i have enjoyed every race thanks ubisoft
sanayah eason : i love this game because i love races and bikes
maverick vassilantonakis : awesome graphic design love the game keep it up with the great updates
jodi aguilar : the races and the earning money thing
sinister elixir : i don't know what to say about this game but i love it
ender man pro 422 max : hey i hate whene i die
donnie : the game runs really smoothly and has a great story i totally recommend this game
jordan seals : this games is the best if you do not have it get i recomend everyone to get it
elliott goldwyn : once mastered this game is a blast! very visual and a little bit thrilling! bravo!
azim syahmi azim : good game,go ubisoft,this is the best
lee gunn : ride hard and hold on tight for thrills and spills
kyle b : i love the game so much it is the best game in the world
werner van huyssteen : i love this game sorry i cant too busy playing this game
a google user : pls play it
mansoor sherwani : best trial game ever better than extreme trial
jovany vazquez : the bikes all look awsome and all the levels to
max koolkidz : nice game it reminds me of a game i use play and i play hungry shark and they said to play this to get a baby shark
david barker : a trials game with a storyline and a reason to be riding along some crazy tracks?? what's not to love??
theo bezuidenhoudt : everything about this game is dope....if yu complain then i dont knw...but all i can say is incredible game ever!!!!
apoorv kumar : why game crashes when i go to outfit store? fix your games, i can't change my outfit
a google user : i love the game it is super cool motorbikes are my favourite vehicle also super addicting and the names of the super cool motorbikes are my favourite
kylehdgamer khg : very fun to play and great for passing on the time
mikzi : awesome game and nice graphics, love it!
srecko kovacevic : easy ride with perfect sound and graphic. exelent.
prinxess les : i love your game it is so cool!!
d. s. dipak dd : this is the best game i ever played.
jason huntsman : good time killer. graphics are t pretty good.
zero skillet : cool story cool bikes cool game good .
ethan graziano : there should be a way to get the progress fom one accont so if you get a new phone you can log in to that
forye gamer : has a nice story and challenging missions sometimes
antonio car : nothing can be more better than this.
marcin interewicz : i like feeling the sense of accomplishment and this game delivers it.
fuzionz ch : really fun and addictive game. i highly recommend it
renzo beitia : hours of fun.
gary howlett : love this game can't stop playing
a google user : a few levels in, easy and nice to control
jose gonzalez-aponte : the game is at the highest quality of fun and relaxation
thesupaspicymeatball : really good physics high recommended
flor amaya : its the best bicecle game i ever playd
myiris24 : great apocalypse based motorcycle driving game
a google user : this game is addictive and the controls respond nicely
scott purnell : a really great game for everyone to love
rosa romero : i have fun playing it all the time
austin davis : one of the better strategic bike games
brad bowen : prize wheel will no longer spin
barbara sheldon : easy fun, looks great
jonathan myer : great game, no need for money
lucky love : but,i want you to add more bike and make some places...please!
matthew : playing this game with some buddies.
enrique simmons : used to play something similar in school this looks much better and has a storyline to it upgradeable bike is good idea all in all a great free game
jepinized : it's cool this app can upgrade the bike
sayed alif : awesome game with lots of fun with friends
cole yoder : a great game with great graphics and fun gameplay.
john sioulis : totally fun to play and awesome gameplay!
jesus marin : this is the best bike racing game ever
braelen robinson : this is the best game ever
sharifah pro : easy and simple i love this game
camis _ : this is the best game of my phone
j. d. wilkins : runs great tons of fun
ban lynz : wow perfect control and best game ever
kevin m : just downloading it and its already fun
know buddy : loved it feels like m a cowboy
naffaa naffaa : this game is amazing
a google user : love the back stories
marcelino gomez : it is good and gooder
that bigboy : this is the best game ever
not dallas : well made game and runs well
dan weaver : good way to pass time with fun
gerald kess : yeah definitely go download this one p.n.g
jiyaad tobin : hours of fun keep it up developers!!!!
fsu-af : it's cool
christina mcintire : the wonderful game people should play this game
fuhukid uradopted : its so cool i love it!
loren spore : the game is addictive and fun.
sourav dey : enjoyed very much..
sachin binoy : its really a good game.try it
shark boom : how has played mad truck
gianluca bev : cant get anuff of it
dean fryer : cool game like it. addictive. and i think you could play it on an airplane. without wifi?!
erick holm : warning its addicting!
mohd iqhram : you fixed it. 5 star for you
myst sauce : no ads!!!!!!!!! i havnt had a game with no ads before with all the other apps i have to turn off my wifi because ads go throught the internet....get this game its worth it!!!!!!
koolaide man 80 : love this game give it 5 stars
lost trollers : i love this game it is the best
rasik dudhat : i really like to see the game
yash dhankar : i never seen graphics like this
emoboy dragon : nice graphics
a google user : this game is actually better then motto x3m!!!i love it : )
thelma chua : the best game ever played
tek_coal : it is so fun and addictive
shelia murphy : very cool game love it
nikki a : i just strarted playing it
deyar bradosti : ubisoft is a very good company in worldwide
saad khalid : best online competition game ever
cindy arevalo : cool game and nice graphics
andres mendez : is a fun and funny game
a google user : valcano part is the best
jayhero the sage : that was suppose to be fricken
alicia robles : nice to play but remove ads
justin harvey : this game is super addictive love it
vincent : best stunt simulation thus far!!!
blanca canseco : have you seen the graphics in this game i mean its incredible the motorcycle the people the levels it just amazing do you agree?
juan ruiz : one of the best bike games i've had
p venkatesh : this game is very super animation and good graphics, good controls. this is very good game...... please download this game.
christina memmer : great entertainment....... especially when trying to kill time!!!!
novan arianto : graphics n gamestory are great !!
jaemi gramfam : i love this game
a google user : it is a good game
kemble mckeever : i like the picture of the capture very cool
47 abu_sufian : cool game must be played
christopher pratt : fun and addictive.
stephen ruff : addictive, fun classic game
keagan till : awesome game, good animation
thomas coddington : this game is awesome
titr long : the best thing ever
jennifer alvarez : i am here is there are you ready to, and i am
angela shades : this game is awesome and amazing!!! best bike game ever!!!
jason turner : love the game! how's about adding some moga controller support?
upendra dayma : wow...must have bike game for all android users...creative and clean graphics...bingo...
vaibhav pradeep : it is a cool game
nonnie ramsey : addictive
kelly behlen : love playing, even after months and months.
janko urosevic : everything is fixed now....we will se for how long :)
ahsan javed : its such addictive game .....you cant get rid of it
sangeetaomkar suneel : really awesome game.must rate 5 stars and please would you update it?
luck 777 : lags all the time
kathiyawadi bapu : amazing graphics, exciting levels, and this game is editor's choice what else do you need in a game??!!!
rishan perera : this is a thriller....
sirretardo : you spend too much gas for one race..... :(
tsen sailef : my save data was recovered =)
emmanuel miguel n. rey : very addictive game
ricosuaveyatusabe : make the tier 2 legendary bike!!!!
pwrstrokepaulie : very fun game, enjoying every bit of it!!!!!
lim jahey : great game !
michelle provvedi : great game!
shashank dubey : try it
grass hopper94 : it's a good game
abraham garcia : cant stop playing
katya checkina : it's an awesome game
bridget nzarubara : best game ever!!!!addictive
kaydin vales : so hard to flip
arshia taghavi : verrrrrrry graphic gon and game play god
bobby shelton : miss the real xbox version where all this started
mobo gamer. : dark rider is the first danzars rider
mizu 007 : nice graphics...
a google user : it's so fun for me
austins photos : prof it was fun!!!
priyanka surekh : very nice game
ty buskirk : great and runs smooth
mayur patel : great game
earl speach : best race game ever
ian alexander : one of a kind
a google user : as such cool
george martin : its nice and steady
samuel acosta : awesome gameplay and great graphics
richard redman : addictive and great fun
karthick pooja : interesting story
dhanush tellam : download it and enjoy
phillip&michelle gardner : it was the best
pablo nuncio : it is fun
charles fullmer : great storyline
saritha katapally : realy gooood!!!!!!!!
padres town : the best of the best!!!!!!!
your daley gamer : fun and adictive.
dinesh kumar : very interesting,,,, jolly ,,,game
levi sendel : cool game
stevie king : to cool
sarvan sankaran : the game is just fantastic
pete carr : great game mate
tu leu : cool game and awesome
malakai duncan : great game,but where is shark outfit?
sean fox : awsome game
ramsey dominique : addictive and fun
gallo claudio : the game is cool
oren bs : really nice touch
shihab dewan : great gameplay
great qmen : great game
keyon richardson : cool game
itoro anjah : really great game
meenakshi neel : super game it is i love it
nichal giri : great game
a google user : coolest game ever
rosano de la torre : not for everyone
josh mansfield : awesome and challenging game
eric bayly : great tons of fun
bonita page : good graphics
ashton bencich : i love this game
jon dunn : the goat of gaming
uros komatovic : nice gameplay
adys2005 : very great game
martynas norkus : needs more missions
head job : great game
jayce gregory : really good
jeremy barrett : great game
ikey harris : great game
the_legend_419 : great game
# cro junior jumior : love this game
kunal vohra : great game
sichyena rivera : great game
fozan waj : cool
shahid ansari : love this game
ahsan iftikhar : simply amazing
a google user : love it addictive
michael connolly : good quality
jesus morales : the best
rash ferguson : great game
zach martin : great game
raymond jones : addictive
yuna2na : beast
towers skateboards : loving it
akshay malhotra : loving it
tasya gonzago bte abd : cool
pikachu pokemon : it's dope
raju 1 sharma : fishing
altocs : as expected
taha twakkal : as i said the game is really nice and the bike handling reminds me of trials evolution and fusion.very fun to play, i've played this game for hours on end withount even noticing. the only downside of this game is that it eats up my storage space like crazy, other than that its pretty good.
robert braden : one of the best games on android, but since the recent update, i can almost never connect to the bunker. i also get an error on the slot machine most of the time. since i've completed all the missions, basically all the reasons to keep playing don't function at all. - some issues fixed with latest update, but new ones created. can't get into the bunker at all or get rewards from end of season. so ridiculous they can make such a great game and fail so miserably at the fundamentals that make it playable.
michael moloney : thank you redlynx for a amazing game keep up the good work....p.s thank you for keeping my lunch so entertaining. but when i finish a mission it doesn't let me collect my earnings. if i rotate my orientation, if i leave and go back. it still won't let me.
neels de coning : it's one of the most popular games i've ever downloaded. i highly recommend any of you guys out there to install right away , the graphics are extremely good , and the best thing about the game is that your fuel tank keeps increasing and you don't have to wait so long for a refill. and the game just keeps going on and on and on. thank you play store.
khristan rimando : i love the game. been playing it for a while now. the problem is, after a long update the other day, i noticed that whenever i open the wardrobe/outfit room the game crashes. please fix. thank you.
iqbal anjum : it is a great game great graphics but a lots of things says need to connect and when i connect to it. it says error while connecting try again later
aisa b hota hy : but after village map new update for latest contents of the game takes too much time failed to download.... please fix the problem that how i can download immediately the latest contents of the game
jimmy jackson : lost my phone and had to start from scratch even though i was in the top 2 percent in the world. i don't mind as i love this game.
rich johnson : i have been waiting for the trials series to hit cell phone gaming. trials is by far the best uphill/obstacle racing game. plays well, a little difficult with the balance sensitivity, but a great play.
zach lecerf : great game love playing it on xbox just happy i can take it with me on my phone . not a fan of the limited fuel though.
amanda reeve : loved it i've had it for almost 2 year and i haven't finished the game yet there's so many thins to do
jamie scully : it's a trials game on your phone! what's not to love? on top of that, the ratio of fun levels to difficult ones is much higher now (finally), so there's more choice depending on when you just want to play vs when you're in the mood for a ridiculous challenge. i'm not a fan of the free-to-play model at all (although i see how time-gating helps crackdown on addicted players), but i do enjoy the role-playing elements they've added. and the multiplayer showdowns are fun! stress-(& rage-)inducing, but fun!
gukki : it is the best game ever. but it has some bugs like when it says downloading new content. it usually freeze and i have to reinstall the game.
jessy packard : simple to play, fun & awesome game to have.. definitely kills time. good graphics as well, better then most bike games.
ethan tapales : read the damn update logs people. they're doing it, bit by bit. it's not available for android 7 users yet, but it's on the way.
shahid sk : really nice game , i hope some more racing laps in next update, racing with other racers at different kind of atmosphere for few minutes , not like short time
alph : its amazing when i first played this i felt like i was in a dream but thank god it's real life and it's kinda like undertale cuz that has a story too but the awesomeness is excatly the same keep making games like this
joel_ _chat0 : i love it it's fun and challenging and the game has funny looking characters i just love this game great job ubisoft keep it up
tom nowak : good little time waster game. always fun with leader boards and ghost riders. getting things perfect makes it challeging
david gidony : cannot start game after updating today. please help
kyle robinson : just like the classic trails games, has a great story mode with lots of things to do. this game will keep u busy for hours
ghoul : i don't even know what to say its.better then poke go
eric santiago : can't complain about the game at all i love it just sucks how fast u go threw gas
michael wilson : just the right amount of challenge vs fun ,good story line , excellent controls and great graphics i'd give it 6 stars if i could.
herbie camberg : best dirt bike game for android iv played but only down side is the having to be connectd to the internet to move on from a couple differnt points in the game. but aside that great game for all ages.
akash sharma : a story mode makes this game even more interesting can't stop playing
big nut vlogs : i downloaded this game two days ago and hav.nt stopped playing it yet i absolutely love it
janos nemeth : i used to play this game a few ages ago and i think this is best in its kind for sure. great job guys!
darkstarpenguin : i've been a fan since day one. i own them all and couldn't be happier, to have it in mobile form. great graphics, control's are smooth. love it!
bradley sheppard : i love the trials evolution, hd and fusion on xbox 360, and frontier is just as good on my galaxy tab a 8
lydon kyle : i recently got asked to update the game and well verify it . took a while after doing so the game does not run . the loading screen comes in and swipes off . i really went far and enjoyed the game but with.
caleb ozley : this is addictive, fun and amazing. the only thing is that it keeps crashing.
swag boy gaming x200 : i played it for one minute and it was the best game ever u and your friends can play online together play it very cool game it is really fun and funny play it.
nate street : been playing this game for years now and with the exception of a few small bugs every now and then, it's impeccable.
justin miller : great game, graphics, and control. just wish they wasn't so close to the power buttons
sam daaxi : my only problem is the controls are lagging :( but lots of fun otherwise!
a google user : a long time ago, trials was a flash game about riding a bike with wibbly suspension over hills. how far has it come since. too bad it is not on windows. pc master race is sad.
darren henegan : done the last update and now can't play the game anymore. keep on getting black screen..
lawrence adams : this is my longest playing game on android. they listened and killed the ad craziness. constant events keep things interesting.
raghib maqbool : i play this game when i feel stress ...and it works ...nyc or u can say the best remedie
cory smith : love the game very addictive but since new update it loads and the goes to home screen please fix
emmanuel akande : nice game, sweet graphics, d vibration also makes it more cooler, but u guys can do better, hoping to see anoda awsome game made by u
daniel inglis : made it into the top 1% of players i am now happy my life is complete.
patrick hmeltha : i love this game...nothing is better than this game and thanks to developer
zeb kuyper : trials frontier lets you pass time quickly due to the nice physics and various maps and quests , which make you feel a rewarding feeling
jeffrey limjoco : very addicting! most of the time, frustrating. it just sucks that you have to be online to upgrade the bikes.
the diamond sword : ive unlocked trials baby on hungry shark i will play this until i completed it
charley dixon : it's fun and challenging as well as funny. never thought i'd enjoy crashing
murta syan : it's such an awesome game. no bugs, no problems. 10/10
chae is my qween : it is so interesting and good graphic omg im speechless thx for making this game u guys
alan gassen : this game is the best game that anyone could ever have on on tablet xbox phone whatever devices you guys have you should get this game it's amazing
shubham singh bisht : it's a really nice game with great story and graphics. addicted to it..
yulianto ganjar : gameplay so real when your tire touch the ground you can feel it.... so real... good
tim o'leary : game keeps crashing out please fix samsung galaxy note 5
allen jones : thanks for a awesome free game.please make 1 like mad motocross 2.
jack shilatos : very nicely done better than my ps3 version of this game.lol hard to believe its free.thanks a lot
anant pandey : amazing graphics! i'd really like if it would feature motion sensor bike controls for stunts..! rest all cool
ruben contreras : it won't let me play this is a rip off
peaceful warrior : great way to waste time fun as hell play it while im in my .meetings
jose insunza : as soon as i downloaded the latest content it seeing want to play it just turns black
kaylie pettis : this game is so fun and additive. if you are looking for a fun biking game this is the one for you
kaif pawaskar : when the game starts it's looks like that you are on a journey or something but after the twist the game begins i liked the starting but i m looking forward to finish this awesome game
brad mills : they dont like to pay out gems when you do the special offers
mihai andone : it's hard a bit in the beginning buy you will be curious what it's happening next.
abhiruchi dakwale : how could they even think of placing this app on the play store
toto kits : dang! this game truly epitomizes the extent of mobile gaming advancement. incredible graphics and realistic handling...add to that attractive & exciting features and this game's a keeper!
bill korolis : when i download the latest content it gets to 10% and the it goes to 4% again.is it my phone's problem or no?if it is my phones problem please help me solve this because i love this game!
reg 280 : this game is good so far it's a little hard to land a flip, but that's just me.
rahul pahuja : this is a really amazing and funn loving game..and what i think is that the developer should also make...trial frontier 2
colin biggerstaff : the best mobile game i have played in a long time i would recomend it to everyone
afiq shukeri : been playing until level 21 then this content update came and since then i can't even start the game anymore!!!
paul shapka : man, i love this game it's very epic.
dwight hardin : crazy good game i love the one for xbox and now that it's on mobile i couldn't be happier!!!
big luc o : a little bit hard to control but it's still epic
george karl : couldn't say much, this game beats the rest! cool graphics and the story makes you entwined with the game. the best bike game so far!..
johan linares : my youtube channel is thug life ok bye
budak uitm : love this game so much... good graphics but can you remove those ads, it make me sick...
renaldo croucamp : the game is awesome,game freeze time to time
andre balaga : great game! please add a "go to "rank" / go to "time" when picking the ghost to race against.
martin : this game is excellent. has many levels and lots of upgrades. ads are limited too.
andrew duff : i love these games! been playing for years and these one it's just as fun as the trials hd
stephen ferrell : if your looking for trials fun on-the-go this is your game!
pcpl rey john suralta : but pls fix it...after i download new chapter..error appears..i cant play it
mitchell denney : dont play this game if you dont like fun.. its got great graphics and a good story line. its super addictive and itll keep ya from getting sleep at night!! so download and enjoy!
jonas mckenzie : good graphics, nice simple controls, bit of a theme, not bad at all.
arni pinill : started playing and i can't stop!
vince habijan : i love this game i rate this so i give 5 star that everyone know this game
ooomumpyooo : love these type of games. this is the best i've found.
josh torres : i could sit for ever and play this game
bence sutus : great gameplay, sound and visuals. no bugs so far.
brian fugere : love the graphics and game play is challenging but fun. great jobs guys!
7six channel : this game will have you hooked!
lizzi smith : get hungry shak and get the baby and the game is fun
boncarlo boncalo : hahah its just funny because of him. accidents
dominick adams : i cant stop playing it
mr. derpy_ turtle_bash : u have to download this game its addictive and fun. and a bit challenging
christopher stolz : it's a pretty good looking game.. definitely worth the download
janmesh thakare : a light package with good graphics, loved it.
ash moon : best motorbike game by far, lots of detail, excellent story and game play. great fun!
haysnat : i played for sometime and i still didn't want to put it down.
charles morrison : great game. i love it and my 5 year old loves it
steckk : great game. never played a phone game so good
harry manback : i might need a trials anonymous.
tanvir hossain : good graphics...awesome story...epic characters... i love it...i swear its a real entertaining game...!!!
hulk jr : this game is very nice and i like this game very much thanks for ubisoft for making this game . i like ubisoft and gameloft games
jessica navarro : love how it kills time verry addicting
kelvin micheal : awesome awesome:-! good game i must say
glad vastle : the graphic and the mission while leveling up is increbbly amazing so this game was so amazing for me.
md. iftekhar uddin tasfe : awsome cool graphic design.i love to play this game.thanks for make this awsome cool game..b-)
atharv kaushik : good graphics , user friendly and easy to play. well done keep it up !
sanchay shrivas : try it you'll definitely love it. it has got good graphics and a good storyline
armon soto : this game has such good graphics its addict ing also
colby gergen : has a great story that urges you on to find out more.
lxtanna : but some of the updates takes sssssooooo long
james onia : magnificent story line with dashing graphics and a very good game play
terrence jacobs : a very good game to play all day
a google user : is the best racing game in the world because it's fun and also it's stuff like that
beatbox master : so good it's worth a try and you will most likely enjoy it
joe reay : nothing to say here. i'm just saying it's cool and fun.
jason gant : i'm loving every minute of this game!
kshitij bhatnagar : it has really good graphics and it is not boring, it deserves 5 stars
carlos ramirez : love this game never gets boring
jamarcus mccowan : very fun, and i enjoy the physics in it as well
jeff frischknecht : what i said up there
pratik mahajan : ausm game great graphics best time killer
lil derrick commander : i love it so much this is my favourite game in the world
tusher chatterjee : a very fantastic game you should try it
usama tariq : so cool when i play nd my mind fresh
evil gho3t : its game very good ther download
basil kokk : great game any can easy to plat this
crazyclown 2003 : i was da first one to play dis game
shana simpkins : it is so cool because i like the bikes
adrian ochoa ;-; : who dont have this game should download it
jeff mckeithen : great game but it does need to give you more gas
jeremiah howard : super fun game that controls well and has good sounds and graphics
lee beach : great game lots of adds but thats ok cuz its free
arturo landa : it is awesome the best game man you should play it is cool
a google user : finally a fun game that plays well and is enjoyable for more than 10 minutes
awsome men 9 i 890 pou : i like how they have made it a little bit different from trials fusion
miguel ortega : loved the trials games since i first played trials evolution
tohi's old channel : i is so fun it is starting to get addictive for me
cmelissa : all the levels are fun my bike is super pro
miguelino ojos : playedbthis almost a year now still enjoying
harvey haze : best game ive played on a mobile if you like the trials games on xbox arcade youll love this
charity mcfarland : best game i have ever played it is amazing you must down load
grom squid -dean thepirate : now i have a mobile version to pass time everywhere i need
hmless : why do all the best games have to have gas or lives or energy
nikolay iliev : this game will make you spend hours of playing ..nice game !
emile schalk : my favorite game to play on my mobile device.
t0et0e : of course i will rate this highly i love trials since xbox arcade days only odd feeling is playing a touchscreen instead of the old controllers
ivan villacanas : a bit difficult but its fun to play
cory villafuerte-thefatman : great game and i love it. it's fun to play
firethrower tv : it was amazing game and any one gets this you are op and a swagy
darshan dalal : ubisoft never disappoints... great game and graphics
josh bryan : grear game have had no problems and the fact that its offline and online
anandmohan bhagat : nice graphics control sounds superb game
justcallmebrody : really fun. love the upgrade aspect!
iqbal madeleine : so much fun baby! i can't play another apps! rock on!
jevgenij podolski : nice play. easy to get started.
jeppe paustian : it takes me back to trials fusion, just now on my tablet.
a google user : i really like this game, a five rating game! i love it. so adddictive!
muaz qr : enjoyable & challenging gameplay. 5 stars from me.
opoku agyemang : is really addictive and best game ever played apart from subway sufers
hector rivera : it's very addictive and beautiful atmosphere and cool music
ethan wood : i really enjoy this game but the only thing i dislike is when you upgrade a bike it can take upto 3 hours
melanie macisaac : i love the story and gamplay i just love it a lot
eddie martinez : it's to awesome i can't exsplan
badazz66 6 : had this 2 years back. time to go again
frikkie wehmeyer : i love the game's grafics.it is the best game that i have ever played
sudhanshu mohan dobhal : nice n fun game graphics is best.
soham samanta : this game is awesome. i just this game.
mems4life mathison : i love it i like that i can lean forward and backwards
munashe gwenzi : this is a game is great it does not lag and it's interesting
zhop puro : good game really challenging worth downloading
randall : straight out blast.
a k : luv the graphics n gameplay too. its amazing
eternal : i play this game every day it's so fun
walter conn : fun, nicely done, just what i was looking for.
david white : lots of fun , with funny story lines.
waseem khan : can be played offline after data download.
josh reeves : awsome game good story too good handling all out good game
cptn spalding : cool story line and graphics. good times good times
hyginus parco : its fun! addictive! and challenging! thank you devs for makin such good game! keep it up!
karan rana : very nice game just started playing
astro bro : very cool game can you add multiplayer
mob : nice graphics and good story line
mr phil : love all the upgrades and very smooth
callmepabs : just literally i have nothing to say
dola : it's really awesome
christian hilt : like the tracks as always,
bob poleem : this is great for fast pac games
a tharaka ram 007 gaming : exlent graphics very very nice game i ever seen...
grimmoir3h3artz : amazing and definitely worth downloading :d
charles dakin-cote : this game is a blast.
damnhecoo clark : very fun and addictive great easy gameplay
steven bridges : very good game good graphics and controls
jordan herndon : this game is amazing well made and very realistic.
prem mu : best entertaining game ...love this game alot lot alot
matthew little : extremely addictive, watch out
lakhwinder singh : nice and amazing game
tucker crockett : so so so good you should get it
wsk on 60fps : awesome tricks and cool bikes and cool up grades
birinder singh : one of the better ones out there
google account : great game my friends love it
nikola peric : awesome game and very nice story line
rory watts : 1 of the best games ive plyd
daniel sulis : beautiful game + fun gameplay
eithan carlson : really really good game
phylyas maalech : exite bike with a new name real awesome
matthewb : it is a cool game liked it
arwan m : great graphic and fun game
steve pretz : great game i really enjoy it nice graphics
temeka cannon : loved it its an awesome game for my kids
vijay aj : graphics are too good
a google user : yes23rd i will call me know if you need any little more like the same thing
prince sem gian liwanag : i love this i will never delete this forever!
james pauley : solid story, so far.
mark gallegos : fills that trials void on the go.
mercy lopez : i love the details and the moves
giann peralta : this game is awesome.having fun playing it.
devon z : fun, addictive game.
ralph rogers : fun playability. good graphics.
steve-o miller : it's a good time killer
juan rivera : but i lost all my proggress when my time was accidentally set foward to october but when i fixed it it said 47 days untill next refill i reinstalled app but all my proggress was lost please help me fix this
anoop kumar : super game that i had ever played you download it iam guarantee
ario poi'o : the game is a really fun game to play.
mark azim : amazing game with graphics. so much realistic.
kaylyn : i love this game sooooo much you people out there download this game abd trust me its fun!!!!!!!!!!!
chris barber : top game, great fun, love it
monil lad : what a graphics yar jordar
robert k : finally a quality game that isn't full of ads! finally!
fahd jerbi : good graphics,good story too
kannaya suman : great it's fantastic
boss21 : just read the title.
jean buys : pretty much the best game ever
graham mason : nice graphics. good gameplay
michael ward : this game is fantastic download it
manzar karim : a very addictive and nice game
sang k : great game and good graphics
brandon robinson : love this app very fun and addicting
colby emery : can't stop playing
xd1scolemonadex : great game good time waster
thagavman : fun adickting many outfits and bikes
richard chang : this is the best game ever
jonny brav : awesome graphics and pretty smooth gameplay
manu john : good game never crashes
shaun mijares : it a really good game
matt fockaert : challenging but do able
naveen maida : this is the best game for fun and enjoy
imagine wagons : this game is truly amazing
dinesh chandrasekaran : awesome graphics for a bike game
i b suarka : loved the game
a google user : this is like my favorite game
prakash rao : tracks are very good
walaa kamal : the best motorcycle game ever
orunsolu adegboyega : it is really fun to play
ben blowes : really good game great graphics
nancy gabriela romo zarate : best racing game ever
gabe mccrea : great game with good graphics
matt thoms : i is a good game all around.
george maclfc : absolutely outstanding game i love it
r, martinez : fun fun fun love the theme
charlie boxmeyer : tones of fun. can't stop playing.
poojan : graphics are so good.. very challenging game too..!!
dhawal bafana : many levels are there ,anf they are too interesting
jack : this is weak.e
alx official : i'm glad this finally happened
yzak dela cruz : i did triple backflips in this game!
rachel tipple : please fix i play this everyday!!!!!!!!!!!!
usama bacha : i like this type of game,,,,thanksgiving
rahul menon.n : superb graphics and very addictive game i ever played.. simply superb...
universal problems : love this game
tonito kinimi : this game is just awesome... love it!
dinesh gaikwad : good game and nice graphics.
tam lee : cant open this app after the app downloaded something after i beat butch..
a google user : i'm so emerged in trials frontier its crazy. i rarely make an in app/game purchase, but i had to...i love this game that much that i bought a bundle. great graphics and game play. i highly recommend this game. great job guys..!!!
jeffrey coreas : can you make a new bike please call it the shredder
aniket more : friends, please download this game it's great!!
r kar : this is great trial game... more fun than other trial games...
hadji mendoza : great game, awesome graphics,,,
charles ford : i love all the trials games, and this is for my phone?! even better!
kevin najera : and speed.
austin c : it's a great game
jared clark : great game.
madison the gymnist diva : i just started playing it and i'm are ready level 4
gladiator ae : it's really amazing.
riley martin : dank some crashes tho
devdeep ghosh : very nice game .. nice graphics !!!! nice time killing game .. worth playing it
thomas vernon : great game play!
miryel compere : i love this game:)
dev kumar gupta : very addictive loded with great graphics
souvik datta : awesome game man!! the best!! i love ubisoft
brkngiass brkngiass : great game
a google user : its amazing game to play. . .
vaibhav bharti : that's the game i'm searching for.....
shreyas gulavani : really....enjoyed
kevane faber : really good game.
fabian chapa : kicks me out
manny arvizu : it's really fun
a google user : love this game!
dan chadwick : very good game but at the min it won't load the game :@
dipal adhikari : awesome game... a must download..
david king : loved it!
amzamz_rocker dab : it's awesome but lots of adds
john aquino : this game i live it the sound and all of it .if you don't have this game download it
sonny rodriguez : great great game!!!!!
kingsley emeka : love it so much...
andi maulana haraqi : great game!!
alex r. : fresh design and beautiful sound
roshan joshi : good effects and lovely graphics
faisal tamara : really addicting
justin vos : good graphics
rishabh mishra : good graphics
mister ramirez : better than trials fusion
mdogg gaming : to epic for words
beard tech : love this game
prithvi chaitanya : the best
milee khunteta : loved thus game
areil fields : love it to death
kymani browme : i love the game
thakor himalay : i love this games
aditya gerry : really cool
senpai gaming : this is a great game
free yomindtv : cool graphics
truth speaker : fun game with good graphics
saravana uthayakumar : really superb graphics and gameplay
dylan christison : most awesome game ever
subnautic hippie : loove it
james swann bitch boy : bad ass game love it
donovan mccoy : very fun and addictive
gintaras grikstas : trials on phone, what's more to ask?
mubbashir irtaza siddiqui : totally awesome .
justin trude : epic this is amazing
tornado bullet : it's great
dean carroll : great to pass the time
western pendu : i love this game
prestin barnhill : this is a fun cool game
karronisbossaronio willis : best game ever thought of
justin moreland : fun to play and a bit addictive
chandima weerasekera : still crashes
dhairya vadalia : game crashes
lee azancot : hard but rewarding
rad lopez : very nice graphics
sourabh naidu : good graphics
terry zacharie : pretty good
mustanseer saify : cool game
fidget troll lol : it really cool
angel romero : awesome game play
rusnadi t. wijanarko : like this game
michael cappello : awesome so far
balaji vidyagar : awesome graphics
execquel lazara : love this game
rudolph ibarra : love this game
insta : 2_ue : i loved this app
bobby bagao : pretty good game
harjeet singh : lovely game awsm
my stuff : this game is awesome
zeenat gupta : too much fun
mrx gaming : really extreme
jiya malhi : it was a great games
suicide king : best game in the wold
dilip kumar : nice thrillers game
cory camp : pure awesomeness
zeeshan ali : the best game ever
darkside all the way : cool
ahmad yusof : i lose my bike at three bridge and i use an old bike?
lalit arya : addictive......
syed faisal kamran : great gameplay
gonzalo lopez : ubisoft
waffful : it are a goods game
ben boss-walker : love the game
ben barnhouse : great game
j : tons of fun
benito sicat : great game
santos castellano : relly cool
ronell mariano : good graphics
jonathon bell : cool game
stephanie ware : cool
eric mceachin : great game
samson 1 : great game
mark rolfes : great game
pardeep singh : great game
andrew brown : great game
jan denver pilapil : so addictive
exsaiga : great game
hasan modallal : great game
ben green : really fun
hulk marais : love the game
timmy turner : love the game
kemora graves : why want it load up on my phone ?
pa l : really fun
ana retno yustisiana : cool
a google user : addictive
akashdeep sran : cool
kuki kamphoff : cool
forrest clark : it's alright
a google user : cool
shaked jaccob avital : cooooollll game!!
sanju rajagopalan : go for this game.
micah virts : i will tell all my friends about this game and at the people that don't like ads you can just turn off your wi-fi or your data
isaac pierce : it's ok
nycpetals : hungy shark world
get-fennesed : the
dean vervaeck : just what i expected
jonathon cantu : really addicting
skunk donky : your welcome
sidharth kumar das : very challanging
some one : it worth
rishu rishi : the bikes
abhilash pillai : tested on android 7, the game works perfect. i had played it long ago and thought of installing it again. the implementation of the vibration is good, though not perfect as a ps3 controller but it feels nice. i am using a nexus 6 and happy to give it 5 star again
rob williams : literally cant stop playing it. the best game without the need of in app purchases. havent spent a penny and still got tons to do.
eric odom : i love this game but i dont have any way to buy things so i tried to cheat and it came back to bite me on the butt , but other than that this game is fantastic awesome storyline great graphics pvp is cool , just gotta wait 4 hours to regenerate my gas because i cheated
lucas andrietti : it's fun but i've never received gems from downloading and playing those other games. not once.
steven williams : i've only played long enough for it to ask me to rate it but so far it's a very good game! definitely recommended!
brent arbuck : this game is fun to play. looks like it would be just a simple racing game. it's challenging, great graphics, even a plot. new challenges every day.
hipo r. : i found that this is one of the best games i've had in my smartphone and can't seem to get tired of it or uninstall, i've had it for a long while and still entertaining.
abhijith krishnan : game is a great time killer.
justexotik : it's fantastic.but controls need improving
ky chinh lay : good game. ( nice effect , funny game , good mission ) i love this game.
yuangamingyt : its pretty good but soooo amazing!!
jon king : nice graphics great gameplay.
uno gallakhan : it is so cool.
lori devlin : this game is like a boss
arjun deshmukh : cool game
lewaun lynch : the game rocks
gordon fishwick : it's trials as you know it, with a wild west theme, and a mission structure to add variety. play is rationed via fuel and parts to upgrade your bike - which is where iap offers the most temptation, but only to save time. thoroughly enjoyable game.
kelly henry : i'm on level 5 or 6 on my game and now my game won't start up on my phone anymore. please fix it. i really enjoy this game. has great graphics and very challenging. wow reading all other reviews sounds like this game isn't really worth fixing.
ben_jamin t_real : addictive! !!.. story is awesome and very interesting and just foesnt stop ..i have been stuck on this game for going on a year now just a great game to pick up out down and pick right back up where you was amazing game graphics alone get 5stars in my book thanks for the poopdeck pleasures. .haha
joshua spalding : challenging game. ignore the scrubs who are complaining about it being too difficult. it's called trials is supposed to be.
susinomi tensue : i've been playing it for awhile now and i love the game but it won't let me play the game anymore every time i click on the app it loads and then it turns black and it goes back to home can you plz fix because i really want to play
david burkholder : just recently started crashing after an update. will no longer run. i have a galaxy s6 active. 64 gig ram. snap dragon processor. top notch phone for its model. any feed back? i've rebooted. just no reinstall yet. that's next. if it runs again, 5 s it is. thank you. sincerely trip82x. 5reinstalled and loaded uplay, all is well again.
dasia g : i got this from an ad to get a freebie for my hungry shark game gave it an honest try and it's the best game ever please download. it's for your own good
tanish lamba : after installation new updates the game is not running... wen i start so it's automatically shut down i request to game built up team please fix this problem or else we have to delete this game.
ramzi zee : finaly i get back my acc n very happy cz more than 1 year i play this game.
shri ram s b : i love this game. i can't stop playing. please make some more games like this
how z : i can't open the game since the last update. it opens the first loading bar then crashes back to my home screen
cheppi roma : i cant stop playing this game. i am a blueprint hunter, trick master, and a butch slayer..
muleke deco & kids : im addicted but somehow cannot update. gives me error 409.. help
richard bumgarner : den phasing for about a week now, it's definitely one of the better physics games out there right now.
kaiser almeida : after last update doesn't work.. crashes at loading screen. please resolve issue
joseph lamorie : it just shows a black screen then it kicks me out of the game.
courtney richardson : this is a great game, its my favorite, good story line and everything, but every time i go to download the new update i have to uninstall the game and start all over because the dang thing won't download the update, but other than that its a great game
ahmed hatem : i don't like the graphics that much i think it's just normal
idk : the last update made it not work but thanks for fixing it. its a really fun game
damion rivera : this game is unlike no other it is straight fire, iceman cannot put these flames out...the only problem i have with this game is that it make my phone hot. because it's that fire
scott boyd : game is great with numerous locations to open and play.
avinash jijith : one of the few games where you can get gems easily.. awesome graphics beautiful gameplay..
febrian dwi atmojo : it just really hard and excited also to play whole day
dr. suice : this game is one of the best, if not the best game on android. it kicks so much booty... i can't put my phone down, and it keeps dying.
migare de evil : yeah man the evil is love this game play it
ohjomz : like i have all the items for the upgrade and it still expensive.and what is play to unlock for tango? just asking
nathaniel wyatt : totally cool game, but patience is required. after you have played for a while it begins to get very interesting!
dillon robbins : great game, physics, graphics, and an awesome challenge. also the head to head showdowns is an awesome feature. packs a lot of punch for a free game.
jason morley : well thought out. i don't enjoy games that limit bow much i play without having to wait for a refill. but i've begun to just put it down when i run out of fuel.
tiler lott : so many challenges and maps
dustin price : meaning love it, use up to much gas to fast but still a lot of fun also the bike parts to fix them up are far from comprable on price to game play ratio but all i all five stars
mani pedapalli : i love this game so much best appearance and smooth playing
manuelblnt : it's very fun but when i got to that part when that kid said i woke up it brought me to the menu
dwayne hughes : love this game but it won't send me a link to change my password for my uplay account i got a new phone and forgot my password
luis munoz : pretty addictive game
cillian costello : this game is amazing so addicting i can't stop playing it
no one : please add some more ragdolls and can you as a button that you can jump off from your bike, because this game reminds me of trials fusion
diandra naufal : love this game because no need wifi and more than fun
hanip lucker : i like it this is a new concept trial bike ..
gta frivv : goooooooooooooooooooooooood graphics and this game very very very very very gooooooooooooooood :-d,install the game now!!!
armadilo 123 : i love the game but too many bugs
yudhi inovandi : addicted with this game...really help full to fill spare times
afzal mondal : lost all my progess with the recent update
my name jeff : nothing to say but the best bike game ever
abdullah al-maqseed : just black screen
rajkamal mohan : no problem at all... graphics is super cool. no lags or any other problems...
calister simmons : it's a great game..i recommend this for ppl who don't have it.keep it up
ana molina : i love this game it's my favorite game ever it's just to good of a game
johnathan simmons : its a great time killer, and a fun challenge, strongly recommended
arif islam fx : i hope you will try also :d
theheroofgaming : great for when im bored and the visuals are great for a phone game
aaron schiller : good graphics and addictive gameplay! whatcha want in a game.
imran amir : lost my old phone.lost my account but still is a great game.
cali lopez : this game is fun and better than bike race and you can get sharks by playing this game the sharks are for hungry shark evaluation
ahmed abd elhamed : i want more bikes and more new places.
goh william : i like that game i never play before but it is funny haha ! yeah good job guys ilike this game
all dead : because you made this game i never want to get off thanks for making this game happen please make other one bit part 2
eric silva : you should add, when you hit retry you can change bike
entong de jesus : i am addicted to this game.. thanks for not letting me sleep!!
azharul nahid : story mode and graphics and specially vibration is awesome.
austin guzan : this is a really good game great story, great grafics, no lag its great play it
joshua sikora : this game is awsome come out with another one
jonathan korte : great game. graphics are great, big hopes for a second version. redlynx, you guys are brilliant, keep up the great work! love this game!!!!
spity assassin : it's very addictive good game play make more games like this
funny man : very good graphics and i think everybody needs to download trials frontier
stefan hattingh : game fails to open. crashes everytime
sebastian moreno : great physics and gameplay; relaxing music.
gombwe : doppest game ever good graphic too addictive i will give it 5 star i got no problem with this game
naren paarkav : best offline game
matt : its really cool and the way the game looks and goes is so nice
latria johnson : great game cool grahpics and everthing i really like and i hope other people do to
chris : yeah there is a wait time for upgrades but everything else is great
kensuke theninja : if you love to burn an hour of free time or commute time then go ahead
2012-kaarthekeyan sureshkumar : really nice and of course if you could add stunts and extra bikes
lachlan dyer : lots of fun works well the the xbox games has a fun story
tony f. diego : gaming. the most fun without a trip to the hospital.
yancy martinez : this game os so awsome since the begining it is great
rohit pal : very good graphic sounds controls all are awesome
lil hamp : i've been stuck on this game since i downloaded it
gunjan sharma : good graphics and very interesting game...thanks who make this lovely and hearttouchable game...
nassos palassopoulos : great graphics, gameplay and physics!
chance harden : i like this game in hungry sharks
haschak sisters rule : i'm in love with the game it's a good game
ashutosh painkaara : after the last update..i am unable to play the game.after it completed the "downloading latest content" in-game stuff...it crashed to home screen..and everytime i try to run the game it stops and crashes to my homescreen after the "verifying game" screen.
ur mom : the game is ssssssooooo awesome everyone should have the game
alexander rankin : great gameplay has a good challenge
waleed javaid : this game is one of the best games i ever played awesome bikes
sana ahsan : i love this game thats why i give it 5 stars.
sachin sreekumar : great music ...feeling like i am in a cowboy movie
nathan patrick : great game and very few problems.
junaid : nice game.. intresting
shubham deshmukh : the highlight of the game are the graphics .just amazing and addictive game
mr arief : fast game for minim device & cool graphics
reef weston : all the action of the console game, with some story
kev t : a good time passer for sure. no complaints from me...yet.
sagar mankar : awesome game, good graphics.
matthew isenberg : i love this game: the graphics, plot, bikes...the donkey is fun once you get it. don't stop with the updates!!!!
gayle brady : can't belive its free
justin rounds : it is awesome with all the fun stuff to do
madelynn ridgdell : love it i play it like all the time
blessed : cool game its look trials fusion on the phone
herschelle kuster : 1 of the best games on play store
mored4u : perfect graphics, sound, controlling, vehicles.
devon dolan : love the game feels like i'm playing a rel game on a console
alx klgn : one of the best games i have played on android.
s b : awesome game got hooked right away
trevor crozier : brilliant came download now thanks
senthil kumar : it's very cool game to play
anthony borg : works great never crashes fun game
satish meshram : i love this game
joel figueroa : it's a good game
anju bhatt : amazing game i must say and excellent graphics
ryan woosye : that game is ao cool that i play it everyday
marcy pennella : if you have this game you did good
out after dark : it is a great game amazing 10/10
adam holmes : could be a little easier though!
oscar pulido : such an awesome time killer of a game you just want to keep going for the gold if you aint first your last son
roch de juan : good game well played
james cromwell : this game is fun but needs updates
aaron boakye : amazing game but the leaderboards needs to be fixed
george gruschow : wonderfully fun to build skill
akhilan jp : i think this is the best racing game
alicia lavender : death death and more death
kevin reyes : i don't know what to say but i love it
adrian lay : this is the grastet game ever
joshua pomeroy : the game is so addictive and fun
adam schmelzle : clear cache and force quit to fix
joe hill : best trails game
sabian chavez : i really really love this game
qayyim aimi : let's have some fun with this game
ivan kristiawan : trus force close
amber : the best game
xavier martin : this game not that bad
rory grunow : so funny and addictive really fun
a google user : i love it it has amazing graphics
ansh vashishth : my favourite game
2xrond0 : gets all of the respect it deserves
tomorrowscreation : its a cool game
dante eichorn : no problems found here
divanna desmarais : is the best game ever
gilien engelen-boulanger : this is the best game ever
chris cringle : i love trials frontier even trials hd.
lokman ali : can't play, after new update..ubisoft please fix..thank you
dhie noegroho : addicting games..good graphic..can't stop playing
anzel : i like this game i rate the ubisoft game
rami yahfoufi : this ia the best game
reggie ross : it made me cry rainbows
sujan grg : but i can't connect in uplay ......give me suggestion
mark jones : this game is addicting omg love it
levi bitler : good graphics, good gameplay, great story, best bike game ever!!!!!!!:)
shadow de hedge hog : it/s so cool.
kenroy woolery : love the game..addictive
nivas kumar : great game... full fun... happy ride... no ads... no compulsory purchase... ubisof is always awesome... loved playing...
aaron wade : can't get enough of this game!!
brian brooks : best version on trials ever!!
allam bernaldez : nice game.. many mission
shaurya dayal : love it keep it up guys...
chandrasri grandhi : great bike racing game...
benjamin huh : the game is almost like trials fusion with the controls.
ducey jones : it's such a cool game.
river mccoy : great game 420
pushkar pinglay : so much fun to play!
zafar malik : wow.....very nice...thumbs up for the teamwork.
ares duarte : verry nice game
mike evans : crashes after update
art edwin : that ' s funny.
sniper killer : this game is awesome
keon watson : i love love love this game
vaibhav bajpai : love the story..
haroon rasheed khan : this is amazing,,,,,,,,
mohammed arif : the stunt is very well
hannah batway : gonna beat buch
alexandru m : awsome !
naveen krishna : superb graphics simple game
rodney l : super awesome cool fun
elijah pope : try it
karen depew : this game is awesome
brian hunter : great game
real science : best game ever played
urban bros : its an awesome game the best
tyrone johnson : awesome as hell
bitch pudding : this is the best game
nathan mclean : title says it all
demetrius dollison : dirt bikes and uniforms
matthew ertl : cool bikes
elizabeth johnson : this game is amazing
martiningsih martiningsih : all challenges are epic
sumit saha : love all about the game
janthehuman cab : it a cool game
inocencia delos santos : good game for trials
bubbros1 2 3 : i thought it wold be good and it was
david dotson : can be glitchy
abdan rabbani : fun games and addictive
jeromy chason : what a rush!
kokito zunez : many reasons why
m h b hollow : really good game
a l : perfect in every aspect
xbro gaming : this game is awsome
holywowzers : really addictive
andrew brewer : this university is cool
dominique wilson : it is great
aaliyah : cool motorcycles
stevo bell : cool game
lil chubbsfrong : good graphics
sebastian holtzman : love this app
shavau briten : challengin game
riya venugopal : nice graphics.loved it
sajid shaik : thanks to the app
vipul yadav : the incridible game
april smiley : except it keeps reseting
tony yetman : lots of fun
robbie martell : thebest
theresa jaffe : cool
edrick septianus : good graphics
major goku : best of all
meganerd333 : the best
joseph wachter : its awesome
sanjay sreedhar : addictive
carmen casiano : very additive game ....
bordea bordea : loved it
jacob murray : cool
david pujols : trials frontiers
brian thompson : addicting
xmmr12 v : i am rank 6 in ninja event and lost one and win the one that was after it and so i should be still rank 6 but i did not get the ninja jacket :( ...... can u make it able to buy it or make it with gems please (but better u make every month a 5hours limited edition of suits and items to buy with coins or gems) and put ninja suit in that please
aku cendawan : u will love it or hate it so much
bhcombat protocal : wish they gave you more gas tho
michael westrick : really good game keeps you occupied
neeraj agarwal : it is like my real life
neil appleton : hours of fun
william g : addicting
zi woazaski : best in trials
zach marbaker : i stumbled upon this game not knowing what to expect, i failed to see that it was made by red lynx the makers of the trials games for console. but after 2 hours of playing i have to say i'm in love the controls work great, the characters are interesting and the soundtrack kinda reminds me of the first borderlands which is fricken awesome. so for a free game yes this is perfect
cyberdogrc : awesome game, so much stuff to do, so many tracks and challenges & brilliant player vs player. has kept me entertained for way too long (nearly 2 years) without wanting to delete like so many games out there. can play without the need for spending real money to advance your game so a real bonus there. 5* forever
gage ball : this game has such a well story behind the tale of the frontier. it has great graphics, sound effects, and bikes. the courses are amazing, and all this for not much space. only around 400 mb. i recommend this game for all gamers. make sure to check my channel out on youtube if you need to know something about the game. terminator5174
matthew brock : the graphics are absolutely amazing, i like how it has a story and opens new options to use in game, all in all worth the download , and as a side note the effort that it takes to make a game this good (great) requires a lot of time and thought so i give all 5 stars (to put down someone's efforts and you have no idea what they've been through to accomplish a successful game if your not a game animator or developer you really have no right to call this game or any game anything negative
charles h : i love this game, but i keep having a problem with random missions/quests freezing!.. i can play all other missions but right now there is one hidden candy mission that won't play. as soon as i click on the mission it freezes , but i can back out and still play all other missions!... again absolutely great game, but hopefully there is a fix to this mission freezing problem!
tristan hughes : this is the most bestest most awsomistist mostest amazingist game i've ever played on my phone. it gets better and better the more you play. i'm totally addicted to it. i would give it a million stars if i could. thank ubisoft... your awsom.
mikey in a jar : trials is a series that set the standard for what gamers have come to expect from physics based platformers and racing games since the first release and it continues to raise the bar with every addition. this is no exception. this game alone is reason enough to upgrade from an old mobile just to play. there is enough content to keep any player busy for ages, the graphics,sound and even the crazy and absurd setting and story are all top notch. definitely give this a try even if you aren't generally a fan of racing or platform games as it does its own thing well and offers something for every taste.
steve gilbert : i have been a trials fan for a long time, glad to see it continues to thrill on android. i will have a more complete review after a bit of gameplay.
neha chintala : this game is actually super fun. i originally thought a mobile trials game wouldn't be as good as the others but i was really surprised at the quality. (:
brandon bravo : haven't been able to play. the game verifies the download, goes to a black screen and then closes, ubisoft replied very quickly and knew what the problem was. i fixed and started playing right after.
sion monsone : love this...to kill time and jump some. reminds me of an old game i used to play in 90s on the nintendo console.
jimmy langston : downloaded this game to try as a good time waster, but it has turned out to be the best game i have ever played on my phone. great graphics great story line extremely challenging, and very fun and addicting to play.
drew hugentobler : said game file tampered then reset game, already bought in game credits, pretty disappointed. but got back on a year later and all my old data loaded up. game still fun
theanonymous852 : it is one of those games that doesn't require gyroscope, which makes it a great fun on the train.
kamran sepehri : love the game, never enjoyed gaming as much as this, my only criticism is the way the rider falls, his hands only move in one direction, they should move a little more realistically, like everything else in this game. can't get enough of this lovely little game
misti ernst : race platform
n00bxking : it was fun untill newest update, because every time ill enter the game it'll load the orange bar to 100 % then the screen goes black and it exits the game. plz fix as soon as possible.
josh h : ever play trails for xbox well this one is exactly the same in grafics. can't make your own stages tho maybe they'll make an update that comes with that? i think the game need less level grinding and the idea of gas really blows in the long run cause u run out after like 10 stages that's only like 30-40 minutes of gameplay. i'm a gamer and id like to play this game all day. besides that it's great.
blade thorne : the same is brilliant! i absolutely love it but this morning after the new content downloaded the app won't work was wondering into could get some help with this because i've spent a lot of time and money on the game and would be devastated if i had to start again
gabrial hunter : i'm a truck driver so i needed something i could play outside of wifi and this game definitely fit the bill. very addicting!
brett smith : best game i've played in a long time. great way to stay bizzy & left the time fly
limdasp sylvia : the best game i ever got and you just don't wanna stop and you get to get a lot of bikes and different clothes you got to get this game!
jeremie gravelle : the game has many good features including a fun story mode, bike upgrades online games and many more. give it a try bet you'll be addicted haha
justin turner : great game, kinda tedious with the characters but whatever the gameplay is tight.
the gamer of tomorrow : after i solved my problem everything went well, good game and i love it
gaurav ghai : i really recommend this game as it is an interesting game... usually i dont give 5 star to any game as i am very choosy abt games but this game deserve 5 star. .. i think no one can bore after playing this game couple of weeks...
scott coey : absolutely love this game, great bikes to upgrade an some tough levels to progress through 5 stars from me an a thumbs up
abdul khair : its a little bit laggy when accountered with rare items like the hipster outfit.but in the bright side,great features,great animation and ballanced items.keep it up ubisoft.
nate turvey : best motorcycle game i have ever played. little lag, unlike so many other games.
hapi fan : it's just like the real game event with way more diolague and story. it's so much like the real game i'm suprised they had time to make both!
viewbot762 : i believe this game is a great addition to the "trials" story. what i would like to see is some sort of level creator if that would be possible.
jason tagita : this game is fantastic and only bad thing about it us the vibration which you can turn off.
abhishek dhar : a very developed, well thought out amazing game. loved it but got a problem. why can't the game download, additional content s in background. that would have made life so much easier.
bryce h : i really enjoy this game. great story and graphics and ask that. you will likely get sucked in and play more than your spouse would like you to though!
annalyn boto : it's a good game but sometimes it error and returning me back to my home screen
calvin ligons jr. : i really have no complaints about it there's no lagging and everything is up to date so it's about the best game i've ever played.
mujibur rahman : no other racing game can beat this game btw what i dont like about this game is that beginners think beating butch will make you win the game, thats too simple.
david frew : fun as hell and can get down right fustated. but fun and addicting all the same.
jdon : i deleted the game and got it back because it kept freezing, and i can't get my profile back! and i was just about to get the bronco! noooooo! other than that, it's a great game.
rishi prem : awesomw n loved it.but only request to you whenever i connect to uplay and play the game these advertisement automatically plays without having any close buttons to stop it.this sucks my data to the core.so plzz fix it in the nxt update
hypnxtizedrey : when i want to tap something it won't work and i checked my tablet screen its the game
k spence : a really fun game to kill time and relax the dome piece after a stressful day.
jon sim : okay this game is awesome and when it freezes don't uninstall it just restart the device and now i unlocked the jackal and beat butch
gerardo lemus : but the only thing that suck is the gas and sometimes there's ads after a race
travis beard : kinda get screwed on loot because the wheel freezes all the time when you watch a video to get another spin.
tyease thompson : i enjoy this game a lot and you will too! 10/10
doug puff : i've had the game for a while and still play it everyday. its very fun and addictive. definitely worth the download
robothehobo 69 : i have been playing this game so much i had no time to eat
joey bazor : one of the best games i've played in a while. good graphics and a good story line and an all around well developed game. good job creators
shirish patil : story mode is really nice and help is also nice. till now i can't stop myself playing it
darkdrop yt : only got so i can has baby shark in hungry sharkcbut still. a cool game
painkiller46 : havnt wasted my time on any other app as much as on this one , love this game xd
fivaldo ramadhan : please ubisoft,faster the download latest! i'm stress
dril : omg thx so much for putting the bike for sale i bought it! thebike is sooooo over powered
florea george razvan : i'm playing this game for 2 year now, but this new uppdate doesn't work. i don't have new missions in arena, no daily races only a.n.b.a. and when i have the mission "start a new showdown" from that dog it never works.. please fix it
gary paulus : not a fan of cats and dumb games but this gets my adrenaline a racin'. this is a well thought out game and i'm playing the cap out of it. cheers
adam mertens : ive played the game and beat it but theres still much to do, best phone game ever
gregory gambrell : never new a game that has so much good graphics it's awesome another thing i'm a if fan of of racing games and moving vehicles
remy edmonds : great game, nice smooth game play. like the style, reminds me of some old school amiga game. great job :)
haikal rider : i really like this game because the controls are very simple. the challenge is really challenging and very dangerous. this game is a very awesome!
laidbackenty : i like all trials games and this is good and cool. it would be awesome if it would trials fusion on smartphones exist.
maungarongo kirkwood : finaly a great game to enjoy. its sweet as. very balanced dont have to spend money if ur patient. this is 1 of the best games out. must play guys
jason owen sardjono : trials on mobile, guys! not just some random knockoffs. the original title. this game is totally sweet
haley higdon : it's so much fun to play i think every kid would like it. in this game you will upgrade your bike,make your own nickname,and you can race at different places.
seetohul shoobanand : this is so cool the grafic is cool crash too are cool everything is cool.by crash i mean when you fail or at the end.
syrup man : over all this game is the best but is hard to handle and is great but the way it is. is a new way of a bikeing game is different from the others i have every played with
haritha kalhara : when i started to play this game i was excited and i played it for hours. this game is so cool and it has good graphics.
ashwin k nair : its really addictive ! and i also like the fact that it doesnt lag even on bad phones or tabs
antonio martinez : fonifer rocks but to many people ask me stuff it gets annoing
corby kinley : great game and very addicting but since latest update the dog house keeps kicking me off the game
lashed jam6379 : when i go to the game it exits me out of the game xp
noah dailey : omg this game is like so fun
a google user : i need to get my shark costume and i dont know how:-[
backwoodsboys ! : great and addictive. i recommend for all ages that just want to come out of their bored stage
cameron lane : i recommend this game to people who like driving and are very competitive. the best racing game ever however one of the levels is really hard.
the dzubu family : i love this game you don't have to play it on your pc or xbox now it's on mobile great job guys keep up the good work !
family roper : it was so good because you always got new records on almost every game(at the start)
austin : love it! addictive, fun, awesome when you're bored
bineesh mathew : great racing...and exeptional music quality..loved the music and the effects...nice gaming experience and i gave it a 5
neziah mac : i started playing it when i woke up and it is amazing keep on making games like this
jason : this game is really fun and addictive. there are lots of bikes, upgrades, and maps to keep you going.
rogue one02 : i like this game very much. it doesn't make me boring. it's challenging
teddy rippel : its so fun i play it till i run out of gas :d
trials khan : i am a little weak in physics but this game helped me understand a lot!!
adam bruzon : the graphics are great and the game play is amazing.
osef lenom : too bad i cant connect to uplay...
teodayne henry : this game is great even shark evolution for those of you who play shark evolution there a free shark but first it tell you to play this game to buy it for free.
christian lloyd : great graphics! its a fun and easy game. i also love the fact that you don't "crash" the second the rider touches the ground.
electafire : no content downloads despite of internet connection
james roundy : been sitting here for 2 hours playing it zoned out so its got my vote
suryansh goel : but it has some problem like the coarse are very tuff
miner289289 gamez : i think it is cool it is a good time buster. if you are board play this game! so fun and addicting hope you enjoy this app also
darren tinman : this game is great at passing the time. i have just started playing it and i am hooked
anime calfs : it is a really fun game it helps to kill time
jinkszn : you can upgrades thing for your bike
sunil sheoran : really exciting... never ending game that i have seen above
eric bennett : i like the courses and how its not too simple but not complicated either
twilight 47 : i'm so glad they went mobile yaaas big fan since trials hd
victoria nesbit : i love the graphics, they are better than all the other bike games
cesar arnold : it's exiting it's awesome and a bunch of other stuff i love it
niket kumar : loved level of difficulties and online racing.
a google user : great game . fun and attention keeping amazing for those couple minutes to kill
warning shot : physics based time trial racing
iddydoo : this is a great game especially for being free and has q great story, you must get this
noah sorrells : i loved. good graphics,it vibrated,and you can upgrade your bike.
jacob doore : great game good way to kill time really good graphics
kamen nankov : it's like point break had a game
denis chavez : the game is not hard but it's easy.
gamer grus : smooth gameplay , multiplayer , etc. makes this game even fun. best game ever . keep this work up.
gursahil pal singh : visual stunner. update fixed all the issues. good game. love it.
77kidd shutup : its so crazy fun
yuvraj : this is the best motocross game on google play and it can also beat trials extreme 4 which is 4 times bigger than that.in short words it is fabulous
elijah v : very good game but it has to much updates and they take a long time to download
karmila liyana : really fun and challenging game! nice guys
ayman adly : so much fun and very good graphics :) brilliant job
angel ramos : but please fix bugs some tracks don't play and closes the app
johny bob : and check out the facebook group trials frontier group
john zachar : 5 stars no issues. good job ubisoft
young booty wizard : yah might get tired of doing the same thing over and over so just take a brake and come back to it
eggstirminator : loved it even though i'm a 11 year old girl
john jeijei : still, the most engrossing title on mobile yet, next to swkotor.
gautam barman : nice and addicted game....give adventure experience lying on bed
larry marsters : starts off pretty easy, gets hard fast
diamonddude dd : it is so funny a cool because you do mission's and it gives you 40 gold or more
leon johann dias : awesome graphics, nice gameplay and stunning physics!
lob zombie : this game is superiorly awesome i love it. and thank you creaters for making this game
pasang bomjan : i had a black screen bug due to which i couldn't even pass the title part...but now it's been fixed. .it has a great storyline and smooth controls. ..better than any other games like this (eg. trails extreme)..thanks ubisoft. ..keep up..
storm guy : i love this game. but i can't connect to uplay
deaven gilliam : i've haven't seen one ad one here it's a pretty good game
wolf team : the best game you'll ever play is this one right here
lisa hayes : it is awesome but i can't beat butch
andrew b : no complaints here.
ace #364 : i love motorbikes their the best way to get around
symond samonte : nice graphics and cool game. thumbs up.
eric e graham : it's the best game i've ever played
ssj jova : i got this game yesterday and still can't get off of it
darren matthews : likein this game loads. decent graphics and gameplay
gowri shankar : it's so awesome...even me jumping in the chair while riding
leshonda johnson : i love it so much that u just cry candy
sean taylorturner : this is by far my favorite android game! i love it!
markan_ : guys this game has good graphics and it's really existing you must download the game
artiom prochorov : this game kills time in a flash
hamid hussain : it's cool and exciting game.i will enjoy it very much.
devin ames : doesn't beat you to death with micro transactions
chupalacabra8 : most addicting game i've played yet!
claude faerden : but if you want to have fun buy the starter pack
travis walker : it's fun and i have had it before and beat it
robert gutierrez : it has my fave vehicle the dirtbike
alesaga asoau : i can't get enough!
zubair hassan : i have a great day and i will be a good time to get back
night iv : your game is nice and the update is awesome.
william bales : it is hard to control the bike sometimes but besides that great game.
sean o'connor : beautiful graphics, fun gameplay' and great upgrades!!!
shane handwerg : great game, but keeps freezing after the slot machine
creed creed : really fun like trials fusion the game on the xbox 360 but so fun plus you can race other people in the game a little hard but fun download it
jett. : thank you for making this game guys i just love you so much and thank you for making the game you are the awesomest game mostly motorcycle game i ever played thank you for making this game and i love all if you tell me if you make any other games
james bull : this game is so good i realy recomend playing it no lag at all well maby a little bit
ralph ronald abadiano : it was deleted when the upgrading of this game
diamond legends of gaming : i love the game is too fun and i am gone rate it 5 stars and i dont know if someone dont like the game
jumer delatorre : it crashes and when i start it again it always kepp... verifying download! how's that??
mastasithx : love it great control n good graphics
john guyton : i mostly love the lil doggie
melvin villalobos : this is the best game that i ever played in history
isaias morales : i love it and it just blu my mind
kakushitsu : best game ever the some ads but not much
todd : fun game for any age
pluto : awesome graphics love it rate 100000000 gameplay awesome
faithful chukwuemeka : dope graphics...like this game has amazing graphics ,sound effects nice physics...this is definitely the best in its category....#thanks ubisoft
kartik tech : there is a best bike that i found
demon von : everything u can think of check it out
hd prime : i would rate it 10 if i could
john smith : this game is just amazing to playnand super fun
christina conerly : this game is pretty cool if you love missions and upgradings
gilda soria : it looks so populaur for me
j b : great game cant wait for maybe a port of one of the other trials games
samuel askeland : it lets me do something fun while watching youtube
athul : best game ever played it would be nice if the amount of net required to play
kataya johnson : love it but let there be more pieces to the bike in every level and earn gems
ghostly gamer : this game reminds me a lot of triels fusion just western style
michael cleary : i like the graphics every body rate 5 stars
michael jackson : one of the best games you will play in your life
kamerin cavner : it's so much has fun and is a great time waster
dominick carvajal : this game is so fun i can play it for ever
tristan franz : i love it so much
the best trio of jeffy : i love the graphics and i love the missions and it is finally a game that is to hard for my brother i love the challenge
sparky evilsi : best game ever so cool to play and is so funny lol
truezgamer : this seems like a very fun game and yea i do love playing it
ambia khatun : it's a good game but i wish there wasn't a timer
kenneth davy : you need to make this game a little more realistic but other wise great game
marc larranaga : one of the most addicting free games on play. i enjoy it immensely!
anonymous : played this game years back and its only gotten better
sarah maze : i love doing such a good app thanks so much for doing that
david steffes : very in-depth game with lots of playability! love trials!
jonathan davison : great game, cant think of a better physics game for the phone!
raju rallabandi : nice game i never played such interesting game
nanda r. maulana : one of the best game i've ever played!
steven white : totally awesome game, well done to developers.
steven elias : it is the best bike game i've ever played
jody coleman : really enjoy this game. challenging and addictive .plus very good graphics.
mazhar ahmad : i just can't get enough of it. plus it's offline too
lyle gray jr : its very fun and time wasting and is very interesting
grant fisher : the reason i this game so much is because it is not like any other moterscycle game
rixt rezzo : its a good game awsome game very adictive
death turtle : great game except the new i game update takes forever
liam beauchamp : i love this game best mx game on the app store
sarashina : i play all day its very easy
finn raney : i love this game.. plain and simple
richard s : awesome game, adds are not too bad
ryan moore : free, challenging, great for your down time....
rabia asim : the only thing i want is a new bikebut love it
kyle robinson : great timewaster very good ;)
sebastian lopez : this game is rlly awesome to play with it it's the best
mike hagley : lots of ads but its worth all the free content i guess
brody neff : it is one of the best dirt bike games that i have downloaded and the graphics are awsome
jebin jerald : very good graphics and gameplay. love it!
carmen rivera : i love this game it's so cool.
james barger : this game is wonderful! easy controls, great graphics, provides a challenge, and no bugs/glitches!!
eric williams : pretty good so far, and a good storyline too!!!
amith kumar : needs better control for the pitch and sway of the bike.
naman misra : this game is very cool and very interesting please download this game
guru prasad pulivendala : this games aweeeeeesome.cant stop playing.
andrew martinez : i always love ubisoft games this game is great but as soon as you beat the fat guy why do you need to download something
jonathan johnson : best bike and adventure game ever,and amazed of the upgrades
jason lowman : lots of fun. super addictive. gotta get gold!
jerry clayton : one of the best games out there.
little pro : wow nice story nice graphics i love it
marina lopez : one of the best games iv played, me and my boyfriend have fun playing all night sometimes.!!! lol
20 / 43 kathan : mind blowing graphics
jake reynolds : good graphics and great controlls
scott burrows : cool game long winded tho
tawney griggs : this game is as addictive as heroin!
dominick belcuore : it has a cool story line and graphics.
miguel manasala : i play this on my xbox 360 great game
latoyya : best racing game ever
joe zamora : to the creators of this game, you rock!! that is all. - joe :d
oscar acevedo : the graphics,the gameplay all neat
sameh mohamed : do you why i played that game because i'am playing hungary shark so i can a free fire fish
tyler whitaker : everything i expected and more from a free title. and trials? you can never go wrong with trials.
theonefreeman 420 : best game my 3 year old loves it
jesse goldman : one of the greatest games i have played
joshua hennessey : it is a great game carry on with the good work
eric quesada : an amazing constructed game highly recommend to download
krazy kurt : good fun highly recommend that you give it a try
lori rivera : so cool people should play this
julio ramirez : not too bad nice
lawanda lewis : this is a great bike game
mate valley : not half bad you should get it.
jomi covarrubias : good game, nice graphics.
we cook : best for time pass this was very gudd i love it
javed shaikh : he is a very very good game i love it game
isaac murray : i love this game it is so cool
jon nerkins : a very challenging and addictive game
hanz ortiz : good graphics and easy controls it is better than all trial extreme series nice great time passer
stacy slaughter : like the graphics!
nick dominguez : love how it's hard also a little easy
drae : nice and detailed story line best i ever seen
cameron warren : to much update's
kyle meyers : good game easy to play a dots of fun
vipul rathod : i love it very much...awesome game..thanks for a good game
surinder kaur : nice game download it don't waste your time thinking
abhi dhamsaniya : this game is super graphics and speed game. i loved it
a google user : this game is butyfull and action best game
sli ppy : this game is so worth it!
steve king : i love this game it's very awesome
avery smith : i love this game so munch
amar madhu : i love this game ,fantastic
michael meyer : a physics-based racing game with great graphics and an immersive storyline? yep! get this game!
charlie ganan : it has great graphics and is smooth
jonathan : change to different characters
bryan diazcid : its a good game beacause i like the motos
jared mendiola : the best game ever
jodo koodo : can be played offline which the best part
pratham : the tuneing of this game is best ever
govind prasad : hi there is a very good morning
onlylil_king b&b : great graphics
maricel dcruz : it ir so nice
jackson mcdaniel : i love it it has awesome grafcivics and
nicholas cahill : good fun and cool graphics
valerie eckert : love the game
mark age3b : it is good excellent and easy to play
papas murillo : everyone should play this not lieing
dhruv aggarwal : good game must download
walter gomez : it is a really great game to play
angel trujillo : cool bikes and awsome levels
natasha floyd : it is so hipper active
kyle ditchon : nice game . i really enjoy it
suman dhiman : not good but it so great
oscar cedillos : it's very addicting and it's fun
mark w : hella fun game, lots of fun.
johnny lee mahoney jr : really addicting can't stay off of this game. wish there was a number 2
wyatt lane : it is a grate game i think lot of people should get it
nathan hall : awesome game and very addictive.
timothy kim : i love to race against opponents
garapati veerendra : superb graphics and stunts
d. za'im : i want to play it forever
pratyush mishra : finally after a while...found a really cool one!
teri hawkins : i love this game so much
maurice hinojosa : pretty cool time waster
018 disha shetty : i liked this game very much.
maximusprime27 : it's a really good game
ehab arif : i really like this game.
mike burroughs : really great game an really fun
diana cristel alejandro sanchez : this game is so good
creeper 242 : it a good game with good graphics and story
vincent villano : awesome game nice with the missions added to a bike game
anrhony price : best game in motorcycle history
shekeem brown : awesome game play
geeta sankhe : its not opening after updates!!!!
josh yorty : really fun good waste of time
dee kouga : this game is so amwsome
cory senavitis : addictive and fun game
dank apprentice : really good game the graphics and the levels
azeem shirazy : it is a very nice game
daniel morales dominguez : i like this game a lot
sven droogson : old dirt rider lots of fun
jayden martin : everyone should play this game
eck thump : bluetooth gamepad support badly needed
pritam giri : best adventure game with biking skill
myles fraz : keep up the good work
tarek ahmed : gameplay and story are amazing
karla foster : i want another so cool
muhmd iqbal : great everyone enjoyed the bucket list
geoff taylor : great fun but very addictive
crazy destroyer : good graphics awesome levels
sumita singh : the best game in world
randy parker : awesome game good graphics
daniel rivera : addicting!! very challenging at times. love it!!
a google user : this game is so addictive. can't wait to make a avatar and f**k it up....
koal : surprisingly addicting and fun!! 5 stars
pie brinas : download this and you'll be amazed!!!
kenneth mcaulay : this is the best game ever and everyone should play it!!!!!!!
cody jackson : no complaints from me!!
cool fool : loove this game very cool
tiana leroy : this game is awesome.
r gilang gumilang rn : a simple game,but it is perpect
wer3 : used to play the game before.. now enjoying it once again on my nexus.. yippee!!!
ssquishyv : soso super asome pls downloaed now guys
fares owaynat : sure it's really nice
usman hussain : really like it
werewolf zee : nothing bad/terrible
hanafie smarties : many level you can play.....just want to say... its good with the high graphic....download it first....i love this game...put more updates for this game to attract other user of this game...
k-vaughn collins : the stunts you can do,they are just rad. *
chepixequilibrium : very nice game, but i got many ticket from watching ad and dunno what is it use for
sundip chakraborty : butter smooth.. nice controls, graphics and very good gaming experience... very nice...
dean eugene : very time consuming and so very fun!!!
iscberg : this is the collest racing game ive ever played mate
omar balqar : healthy addiction ;)
lulus arief basuki : superb trial game in the world... thanks dev ^_^
brandon austin : hungery shark world needs to be compatible on samsung tablets plz....
dayfers 100 : racing stunts trials it's got it all
a google user : once you start you can't stop lol
zach pitzler : great game. good userface.
panji ari wibisono : all around cool game..
leslie chapman jnr atahu : love it.....thats it.... thats all i have to say
michael mace : gangster 2 the max....
noah smith : amazing game. great story. good job.
james senter : it's fun and challenging
lucio thevalentinestone : i love this game,,
deedra is beautiful : really fun game. i'd recommend it.
nick rioux : so much action!
luqman hakim : cant stop playing
russell martin : i love the trials games and now it's mobile!!!!! so great, great job on everything! !!!
snap shot video recorder : realistic graphics..good for jelly bean version. ?
pawel nieboj : great game!
muzeyi yelyen : graphics, story, gameplay, this game has it.
rishab basera : addicted :p
david cornejo : it's the best!!!!
kento : it's a lot of fun!
hassan : u don't want my money i guess!!!!!!
infectedsoul : i mean....its alright
prabir bhandari : so exciting!
alistair mckenzie : great game!
shashank verma : best bike game......and its story is just awesome
mamang bakulaw : great game!
jake buschhorn : lost myself in the game
smlapointe2003 : it is very addictive.
bert galli : it is totally awesome!
raldy salawati : nice concept & graphics
a google user : awesome graphics it blowing my mind!!!!!!!!
dennis garcia : this game is cool
patrick mckinney : love the game
shawn brother : i don't no this game
christian cloete : its awsom!!!!!
asa pineda : the only best
logan olsen : best on earth!!
julia vinichenko : the game klassssss!!!!!!
a google user : butch looks like his name is bit
harshadev 07 : i like this game very much
daniels ismailkhhx : great game
dwight snead : loved it!
william clive willy : wow.. it's grt game at all
st.clair morris : i love this game
vaishali s kamble : i love this game it is to awesome
adam miller : very addicting game
sheldz 07 : give it a try
bryant greco : enjoyable passes the time great
tye thomas : good game very addictive
anthony little : great and fun game
uri : love the graphics and the gameplay
bindhu sathish : awesome game nice graphics
lane mansel : love it more then expected
tamara wild : its so fun to play
yt_blur : i love this game
alma barrios : good repairs
daena lujan : this game is awesome
rohan mane : graphics are superb
kamal singh : very good game
paul agoranos : it is fun
anointed anirudh : one of the coolest games
danielandtim3456 burymov : best loved it great
jaden barrow : best game only comment
richard farnell : very very addictive and challenging
chad desanti : love it super addictive
cassandra oraiz : so addicting
og vibez : very cool game
d4 h4x : really addictive and fun game
vrxzzey : this game is quite fun
darren evans : love this game so addictive
robert batrum : it's cool
colleen de la rey : awsome!
kyleandre costin agosto : nice, and addicting
tyler lamar : outstanding game.
evan caetano : it's awesome
max bagdasarov : lots of fun
kathy williams : it's great
tyler powell : awesome. addicting.
dhiman mazumder : somoothy...
shane petersen : luv this game...
william diaz : the best game ever
sol : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
samuel baltodano : you are the best !!!!!!!!
anthony north : good fun with nice story
lorcan dyer : graphics for days!
yosua suranta : i'm a fan of ubisoft
andrew1525 bossman : the best
robin ferebee : i love this game
witch bitch : awesomeness game
mark king : addictive
kritsanapong dhamnin : greatest game
saliou mbacke : its good
leandro sumares : awesome game love it
chasity jeffers : love it so much
levi strongman : great game thanks
james fleming : very fun
rage gamer : great game
sufir : started to love this
the warlock : i love this game
cj : i love this game
miles alexander : great game bud
christian delos santos : just love the game
martin carpenter : great game
corey wells : addictive
mike cosh : i love the game
clorox bleach : great addictive game
kyle smith : great game
neha prabhakar : one of the best game
roger couture : lots of fun
alex barragan : the best game
framed animations : this game is cool
tyler rakoczy : this game is awesome
tj okunade : amazing graphics
ek_kingdragon : really fun
shahul hameed : graphics are awsome
emiliano chavez : easy to play
brittany elliott : been playing it for a year or more
hiten darji : the best
hopeicanchangethis : this game is ausome
ozzymand : write a short review
william alston : so much action
paul gose : lots of fun
kane dancy : great game
heather bailey roberson : the best
mainol santos : cool
freemenowngunz 315 : coolest game
paul stewart : highly recommended
isaiah brinson : the best
toby steele : good it fun
s s : best graphics
biological 457 : great game
the stig : top game
lavon stewart : really cool
enrique diaz : the best
gabriel dumitru : awesome gameplay
jerry : addictive game
arthur nathan alcantara : good graphics
jac1990 caruthers : great game
luis carrillo : it's the goodest
karlo dijamco : great application
blake strater : great game
mason_the_god clan : cool
gadis dwi waris bondowati : bagussss,!!!
jheana cole : play more and more
a google user : cool
cole marr : cool
keyun wallace : cool
marly tonquest : where's this dog?
diana cazadora : it's boss
entertainmentfazbear productions : so addicting
patrick nobel : why not
joshua harrop : i have sunk endless hours into this game and ported my profile through multiple devices over the years i have been playing. some issues crop up from time to time but are usually fixed with regular updates. early game is good old fun, but i'm having a way better time in the more competitive races now that i have some decent upgrades. i play at least once a day.
adam evans : excellent game. i never get bored of it. easily one of the most playable games ever on the play store. a classic that isn't reliant on pay to play features. you can choose to buy things if you like but there is no need. everything you want in the main game can be accomplished through good old fashioned hard work and skill
kitrinos galazia : keep reading on, or die tonight a exactly 12:42. this is based on a true story! once there was a baby girl named marry. her mother couldn't take all the crying, so she decided it was time for her to go. she buried her baby alive in her back yard. after she buried her she could still hear marry crying. so she dug her back up and stabbed her one time in the arm, and buried her again. marry cried harder, but a few hours later it stopped. at exactly 12:42, marry died. she bleed to death. n
jose tapia : when in going to spin the wheel the whole game frezzes and i have to go to home without any thing from the spingng wheel also the steering o. the second bike doesnt let me upgrade ,and it seas (ride to use) iven tho i used the bike .also the videoes i triye to watch freezes and doesnt give me any thing back pleas fix problem good graphics--- it keeps happening and cant get the blue brints i need every thing keeps happening and it iven hapenns when i try to watch a video to get gems
cyle aldrich : never gets old. the only recent issue i am having is it will continue to force close leading me to uninstall than install the game over again. this has happen 4 times now. it would be great if this were fixed.
ob : don't get me wrong this is the only game i ever play on my phone ever, played it since it was released. but there us a few things that is extremely annoying things that can be extremely annoying like the showdown for the month has been over for more than 24hrs and i am unable to collect my winnings and the reset arrow is right next to the samsung back button and for some reason when you push that you lose your controls and you have to start the whole race from the beginning.
johan escobedo : for some reason, it keeps crashing on the loading screen when i open it up. i had a saved progress and in october last year but sometime after that, there was an update and the game crashed as it did now. i thought reinstalling it would work but it doesn't and i don't know what the problem is
matt phillips : don't know what people are on about with connection issues, suggest you consider your own connection being the issue before you blame an app. as for those complaining about ads, this is the one game that ads don't just pop up randomly, and you don't have to watch any at all! morons. the development team have to make money somehow though and because i don't want to spend real money i chose to watch the ads but only when i want to speed things up, what's the big deal?
jomari gutierrez : every time i open the game when after trials frontier shows up it will only show black screen
richie maund : what a great fun game and not just ad after ad, i totally recommend this game, a good way of enjoying your free time.
trevyboy onley : very nice physics motorcycle racing game. great graphics and story line. the controls take some getting used to but don't detract from the game, love it.
jesus garcia : really fun game w great graphics and storyline. the characters are pretty cool and some are funny. overall one of my favorite games
andrew scotland : please fix the prize wheel. it can't be spun 25% of the time
a google user : damn never played such an intensive graphic game on smartphone hans down to ubisoft and best of all its free :)
jerry p. : only then gently dihydrogen huh the game and it is the best thing ever since it's a few months ago but never forgotten.
austin potts : great graphics, great music, fun and challenging tracks, pvp is good. there is always a faster rider to challenge for the top spot.
rednecknation gaming : let alone the way all the characters look (which is awesome) the bikes in this game are really cool and the storyline stays together. kind of gives you that waste land feeling
ibrahim ayna : i have downloaded alot of games , i play them for a couple of days then i unstall them. on the other hand i have been playing this game for weeks, its soooo gooooodddddd , i just love it .
dan john : i was a huve fan of trials hd and was ranked high on leaderboards. im not too far into this yame yet but im just happy i can play a new redlynx trials gams on my galaxy s6
a google user : imma gonna track down that old varmint, butch...then imma gonna make him pay for what he did to those women and children. he's gonna regret what he done did, dang it!
andrew lee : this game game is on the track if you know what i mean but it has a lot of people who have a enemy
desi karlina : i love this game so much, but at least this game error sudenlly exit game, i hope ubisoft can fix it
thenextfitted : i love it so much it's a really fun game foe me and it's just amazing i like the whole story about much and every thing
alain nkouatcha : this games is really good. there are lots of missions to do so you don't finish quick. also you do a lot of stunts
jon davis : after months of playing, game all of a sudden restarted me to the beginning! hoping there is a way to resolve, otherwise it'll be deleted. update, figured it out!
elaxander khyiir : it quite hard to beat the game,because it make u to be hard in this game.good job
james schwab : i started this game to get a bonus in another game, and now i can't put it down. awesome game.
james stone : i love the graphics i just can't explain how awesome the game is and it doesn't lag at all
garry aurelien : i love this game but somehow it isn't working anymore on galaxy s5 since last update ! it could be great to fix it because i really enjoy playing it and i'm level 23 already, so please fix it thanks
suyash : nice game , loved to play it , but stopped working
garrett ray : this has the best graphic ever omg get it aka, it takes internet epic tricks and awesomeness plus it relates to shark evolution you get a free shark 4-29-16 <<<<<the date
thomas buick : by far the best and most addictive game ever to be on my ipad couldn't be any better. thanks and keep up the good work!
tim carmo : this game has great graphics, and unlike the computer games, it has a story line. my eyes have been glued to the screen since i downloaded it.
renee guidry : this is probably the best bike game out there. it has a good story line and good characters. plus is easy to upgrade bikes and bike parts.
david lake : this game is surprisingly fun. old west style back story with a trials bike twist. physics are great and makes the user earn their way up the ranks. not mindless entertainment by any means.
michael ladd : this is a great game the only thing that sucks is the little lag spikes and the gas thing
wally da great : but when i download the game it says licensing failed!! download application from google play store.. please help.
juan arnold : aunty makes this game. she is a gamer. but she hates games.
newmill vincent m. gamba : i love it but theirs a download content appiered and it keeps reapeting to 0%i waited need to fix this but i give 5 stars
danny goodlet : if the controls were a little better this would be just as good, if not better than fusion.
a google user : other than that, i enjoy this game thoroughly and have been playing this for years and would recommend this to anyone
michael pacheco : i was trying to get it on aptoide but it needed licence so i got it on google play but other then that its super duper fun and amazing&awsome!!!!!!
zz : you get to build bikes and do fails that turn into tricks
eddie henderson : only complaint i would use against the game and that is that the coin prizes are rather low in comparison to the price for bike upgrade's other than that then it's a fantastic game
bill dunn : so much fun. gets very trying after a while.
jarred withers : i love the game theres just one problem . everytime i unlock a new track the game crashes when i try to play it even the ones from using to boat to go to a new location please fix i can only do online duels now because i dont get objectives now
si blueskully : awesome app can't get enough 5 stars from me :)
general dozer : can you remove the not spinning loot wheel glitch pls
iain robson : love it, been playing this for about 3 year now. never gets old. tons of stuff to do
homer simpy : easy but so hard at the same time it makes you want to play long
meme junkie : i got this game about a month ago but i am still so happy with it usually i would delete a game after having it for about a month but this game it's awesome thanks guys make more good games
mckenzie titus : once you start it will take you hours too get off been on 6hrs now!!!!!
jonathan winfield : great game, well balanced and graphics are fast and polished on my note4.
rohith ftw : goood game really like it ubi, u rock it playin 4 4 days and i couldn't stop it.
sepoman242 : really fun, it has in app purchases but you can totally rock it without paying.
robert sells : ads continue in frequency until you have to make a purchase. once purchase done, no more ads so it's great! nexus 5 on marshmallow.
ninjamaster 316 : best game ever, it's like a free choice of missions but western, kind of like your the rider that defeats butch, the bad guy
roman rozevink : i bought a castle of gems. and where are they. i wasted 99.99$ on google play and i need those gems
jm jimenez : good grapics but its violence when you died
lane salmans : this is the best game in the world everyone should have it. no adds or lags its awesome
padma dutta : ubisoft has always been a great title producer. this title is just the continuum
manoj kumar : it is so good.i can't stop playing this
james pearson : had all the trials games and this handles as you'd expect. never gets boring!
k barnes : great physics game, using several different areas, and great response se.
mark capezio : can't stop playing. must have game!
antwan murray : this game is awesome because it's not like other bike games this one is like story mode
ajk uu : the came is a gr8 time killed and
altair a. : my cousins & friends always play it whenever they come. vry addictive and exciting gameplay
logan : best racing game ever good race's and cool maps! and i like how easy it is pretty cool xd!
michael heintz : such a fun game plus i can play the same game on my tablet great for when i'm at work haha
fuzzbyroo : such a fun game. amazing graphics and addictive to play. just as good as the other trials games.
chandra lama : way too much great game..and i ofcourse love it. but it takes way too much time to refill the fuel tank that freaks me out often. plz fix this.. overall gr8!!! :)
varya andreeva : all is good, but since yesterday can't connect to the bunker. how long does this preparation for the new season lasts? every time i try to connect, says "try later".
peter : i played it once and i never can't stop playing it. cool
dinosaur gamer : i can perform flips and this game is good
arlyn de guzman : that bug is a disturbance when im spinning a loot wheel and it hangs
ethan and liam are gay : like if u only played to get a pet shark in hungry shark evolution
george hawkes : great game to play requires more customisation of your rider but other than that it's an awesome game to play
lonzo : i really like it good luck on other games guys :)
govinda thapa : i have never played this type of game. its fabulous.
ahren ben-judah : easy to learn, tough to master. fun game with fun interactions.
sreerag ag : good graphics and game play. i wish it had a tilt control for rotating the character.
a google user : ever since l started this game l am compelled to continue playing again and again
wiston paga : one of the best games i've had on my phone.
scott white : fun, challenging. keep up the good work.
exodor : best game ever! so adicteve! make more updates please
diego contreras : amazing graphics and it's also offline! awesome gameplay! best bike game ever!
tarun sharma : good game.. i want trials fusiin on mobile. badly
kaden : my favorite android app great graphics and a long story mode
cody clifton : very fun game, great way to past time i recommend to everyone
william hoffman : i love this game because it shows inner self
lone griever : its really good game a must play game to burn time :)
david henderson : great game trials frontier is the bomb lol n a good way though
mohamed elkenzi : recently.. the game is going fast and then slow.. i cant play well bcuz of that.. i think the game needs to be updated..
brad titus : so much going on, easily one of the best games here
tabetha green : it is an amazing game with great graphics. definetly improved the stunt world.
19-uvc-109 arunaananth : cool graphics and a adventurous story makes the game better !!
paul cairns : samsung galaxy s6, smooth game, well done.
tala bana : iiiiittttasaa. the best game ive ever played in ma whole life!!!!! yaaahooo!!chickachicka booomm!!!!!im gettin insane!!!!!........if u dont download this,ur a dumb ass
doom guy : great game like the xbl version and surprisingly responsive for a mobile game. addictive and highly recommended.
prof. crusty : this is one of the best games i've ever played
casey burton : i really like this game it is very very addicting and loads of fun download now
marita&diego vargas : it doesn't have glitches and good details and good move mentioned of the character
caeden dalrymple : it deserves 5 stars because it is a pretty nice game good graphics and everything u need for a game like this. what else would you need? in this game?
filippos pagonopoulos : once you get the controls its really good. many hours of gamepaly too.
juan reyes : 1 game in my opinion its just sooo good!
bryce prescott : this is the best best game i evern played in my life.
st an ley : good graphics, nice story and easy o use controls!
spartan 74 : the story is great and the style is just like the old trial games
travis weilbrenner : super fun game just like there other games. good stuff maynard
omar parker : it has awsome lirics be used you get to change you character and everything
ahmed abd elhamed : i need more new tracks and motorbikes
mapasha lara : plz can you make the game more faster
matthew gray : love that i can play online and offline
nirma kurriwati : i love it i always play it if there are fuels on my tank
omar p : i havent played it but i already know its gonna be cool
m.a. billedo : i super love this game it given me a baby from hungry shark
cretheus : its really fun and a cool game.a totally must play game
tp productions : but it keeps on going back to home screen please fix
tim huffstickler : not too hard get starter pack is so worth it
cory inskeep : the fun of the console version with a great story mode
erik raya : its very good game and its so cool
mr.barbarian206 : thats the funist game i've played in the first 2min where awsome
joshydmgames : best motercycel game i have ever seen in my life plz make more games like this plz
beau whittle : good graphics runs smoothly. lots of fun!
whitemanbad : love how u can race against ghosts of the leaderboard.
joshua dzitiro : this game have the best graphics for a 2d game case closed
christian leyendecker : i only got this game for hungry shark
ian allen : love this game, amazing graphics and is super fun.
azar anyah : i like the graphics and way of story narrate its like playing a classical one
kagiso malekane : this game is amazing its the best game ever
hearteater : i spent 4 hours on it
mulugeta tesfai : i love this game it is the best game i have ever played
norvik amirkhanian : force close on galaxy s6 ;( please fix it by new update.
rhondel romilla : ain't it unfair that the enemy bots doesn't make even one mistake?
nelson aguinaldo : this game is so nice!
14n : i just can't upgrade when i'm offline
tyson justice : there's too many ads
n k : great game ,loved it ,great graphics good story
alex chavis : its a great game with great everything!!
shastin morgan : as good as the microsoft game. my favorite online
jesse salls : love this game. works excellent on my turbo 2
lizania ramos : i like it i will say 11 out of 10 i always play this game 24 7 lol
maanoha nagabathula : nice graphics , cool story
barbara sims : i looooooooove it i have a fully upgraded ktm
jahshua : it is so awsome and fun
taze gunti : the construction of the tracks are really good
claudiu ? : by far the best moto game ever
mason monnier : good game good everything from graphics to the story
chance sosebee : i love this game and the jakal is flie
sebastian : its a really good game i like the missions
ahmad jendi : great game but we need arabian language
kathleen payne : so fun. hard to put down
ricci lombardi : it's really good game
cjcj 511 : its very addictive and awesone bike
noah philpot : the following document and send to the inbox folder and i will be able to make sure you have a great day
tyler sparks : really cool game. i dig it
brent bennett : can't wait to beat that dude on the mini bike
radu - tudor vornicu : the best of the series !
yo parms : its very. very exciting to play
kyle scruton : so good, fun and great story
g g : you should play it.
glenn cole : it's a fun game and addictive
gavin langlinais : played this game for years. good shot ubisoft
stacy salisbury : one of the best games i've played
rachel winiecki : this game has so much to it love it
emile mars : cool graphics and soooo adictive
surjeet raghuwanshi : really liked it...
josh brady : this game is the greatest game ever
shantanu kumar : excellent story line and gameplay
superunknown e : many worlds looks coool
roseydave : fun game along with a good amount of content
tatiana olivia : the best game ever u should download
ismael garcia : this game is cool the graphics are great
moises berry herrera : so great this game i love it
devin campos : long fun and very addictive and hard
biswajeet dash : nice graphics n story telling
david dooley : i cannot start a new showdown. click showdown.....thinks for 2 seconds...then disappears. help please. s7 edge. uninstalled, reinstalled, loaded from server.....still won't start a new showdown.
ryan conway : love this game i an play for hours
sid : installed an hour ago and playing it tell then, really awesome so far.
tyreon benjamin : it is a good game to play .
atomic waster : i like the tango and want 2 unlock the next bike very soon .
utkarsh srivastav : graphics are good gameplay is good story is s good and what not
adam banton : best trials game for mobile. end of.
abhishek mohan : downloaded this for 2nd.... which is rare in my case... i loved the gameplay.... nd the story too... good work team..
jungie cancejo : it's so nice and great
andrew brown : just as fun as the console versions.
hrehan j : loved it...fun, simple, easy and challenging....overall its storyline is good...totally worth downloading.
js koh : i love this game :-d
rohit kumar : i like this one game
jayden jan : pls add nitro's that go very fast
brandon lee : this game is soooooooooooooo fun to play
eric green : i like the game and it is a good idea
teddy durham : its a great game awesome graphics
frankie bircher : absolutely awesome this game i love it
hout monin : this game is so awsome
hatedenemy : cool game enjoying it alot, recommended
tom davis : wonderful game great graphic
calvin liddell : absolutely amazing all throughout
terry done : so clean
bohdan ivader : but very long
badassazz96 : really fun and great little game
natt shiimi : i love this game
star : this is the best game that i played
yash mawale : you can play it is amazing
zechariah walker : this game is amazing
joshua young : great game cool that it has a story instead of just level play works well and i find myself playing alittle more every time i grab my phone
jake_the_fake 101 : it's so cool that i can't control it
soner avcu : respect bro respect! !!
a google user : i use galaxy s5 but it runs very slowly on it. please fix it. because i play just this game.
suraj shetty : awesome game wid extreme physics.....all in all a well executed game....hope to see updates though...keep up the gud work ubisoft team!
angelica mcdaniel : i played it on xbox and its just like it on my phone the leaning and everything
christopher richardson : i love playing this game... i'll reset it just to play it again.
shay richardson : everything i wanted to be.
jethawa rahul : how to download 2nd map ? and my internet speed 2mbps but cant download it...
twisted sauce : this game is awesome.
sherry long : ok i love it soo much i could just mary it!
sofiane delaa : the best game ever :)
scott cowan : lots of fun. great graphics.
girish kumar : fantastic graphics,nice music,good gameplay.
cynthia halstead : i don't think i will get off thats how awesome the game is thats how much i love it
james mclain : it's guuud *bruce almighty voice*
leonardo mendoza : been waiting for this!
krish saraf : tip:-you should download the game than let's enjoy our free time
jenn.y.z bayne : i love this game it is so much fun there's no ads unless you want there to be it is awesome!!!!!!!
sour pineapple : such a great game.love,love,love it.the best
ahmad kamaly : 3 words: this-game-is super
lala xiong : i cant stop playing its just too awesome!!!!
yohanes njole : addictive game ever!!
syed noman ali : awesomeness!
diego rodriguez : best game i've played in years!!!
anthony arroyo : i would play this game allnight fun.....
sparta tuber : great game!
anthony laum sta. ana : super cool... works nice..
toky tahmid : best motocross game.
nabil hafiz : very challenging .. loved it
john-thomas rider : its amazing...trials for free? why not?!
roy adams : great motorcycle game. .
chasen griff : been playing on game console's 4 ever. now on the go. another new edition!
evangelyn olandag : i was the champion last time
hayri du-puy : best thing ever
joseph cherry : great game !!!!
aiden wells : its cool when you can upgrade...........
shweta tiwari : c,mon n play
jeffrey clifford : got to love this game!!!!!
ram manohee : download it fast
evan otero : love this game so chellenging
nafis al sadnan : very addictive game
tyler brannon : axdicting
prosenjit garai : awsome game
richard alvin contreras : great graphics and gameplay
marisela calvillo : the graphics are awsome
mudassir yameen : it is very good game
amiya harris : really amazing degsins
bri : really nice
rohit marak : love the game very much
wolfpack : lots of fun
james redmon : lots of fun
iqbal novaradhitya : addictive!!
ahmed saad : love this game.......
princelie jesline david : love this game...
wizard420 tdawg : great game a++++
pug boss : coolest thing ever
dan broomer : awesome awesome awesome love this game
hai metal : well graphic game!
nikolai yd tv : cool bike
rishabh tiwari : loved it !!!!!
gogo : so amazing and fun
mohit jaspal : such a awesome game it is
prahaas murali : seductive
kyle buck : this game is cool
ahmad nehme : i love this game
cody douglas : absolutely astounding
jared tuttle : love graphics
gregory pollard : fun and addicting
ramon miranda : unlimited energy and money
santiago acosta : it a good game
dalton hesselbart : this game is amazing
adam timmis : amazing and addictive
commandercanary : love this game
carlos jimenez : cool
bingroll : very addictive game
kye : great graphics
thepotatocrafter potatos rule : to good to describe
mark murphy : very lovely game
emma davies : the game is to good
jon bridenthal : great game
farid nur afrizal : this is incredible
jp bright : cool
manas kvian : bast bike racing game
ellie ross : love this game
joshua tidwell : cool
seth leigh : great game
a google user : great game
ben grenier : great game
juan legarreta : cool
moy magarang : great story
nikki espeleta : its great
nathaniel granado : it is cool
head shot elite : love the game
allan williams : so awsome
hakeemi mazreen : cool game
sarah langdown : love this game
tony atsevah : cool cool cool
i wayan parta cahya widnyana : cool
murmillo plays : this is as
nathan rice : its awosome
swagger49 sheldon and iain : sheldon
troy cramer : was enjoying game alot until i went to watch an ad for gems and app reset. now i lost all saved data and items i purchased with real money. update - support dept was prompt in reaching out to me and was able to get my save back, upgraded review back to 5stars. thank you dev team!
william gaydon : what an amazing piece of fun. it's really a game of skill more than anything else and skill needs to be learnt. master moves and courses and move on. nothing lasts more than a minute or two and usually seconds. crash graphics are fun too. good thing i regularly run out of fuel or i would never stop. fuel tank is refilled in time. adverts are optional but reward with spending money for bike improvements. my only complaint is that one advert is definitely not child friendly and as an adult i don't like it but i have the wisdom not to watch it a second time.
jordan spitzbart : its great fun endless hours of mad tracks can dl my usage to any device anytine thanks for fixing love it + for fixing because i spent money
mole ex : i've played this since release and it is just as good as the console versions. the touch controls took a bit of getting used to but they are no problem for me now. personally i had no need to spend any money on this game as with careful planning and not wasting gems (probably helps to get platinum medals too) you can spend it all on a bigger fuel tank. i have spent on this game for 2 reasons, removing ads and because the developers deserve it. cheers redlynx
ryan wright : i have had this game for quite awhile now and i think it's an awsm game and it worked properly for quite sometime but now after every race it freezes and i have to exit the game to do anything. now it won't even let me do a race. it brings up the main screen and freezes. thank you good night
chase clifford : very fun not the same as console versions of course but as only being mobile its a great game,
pearson brennan : i have trials fusion for my ps4, this is a near perfect recreation for mobile devices with its own original story and look. couldn't recommend it highly enough.
lurk tuek : awesome, just started the gameplay and already lost in it.. hours in, ty for a great game have been trying to find a game for about a week now. highly recommended.
jeremy thomason : i had this game on my old phone and got real far. i installed on my new phone and synced my progress from the cloud. unfortunately, now, the app fore closes with an error message.
legomyego1010 : only mobile game i'm still playing daily over 2 years after it came out. love everything about it, except for uplay. but the game itself is fantastic!
lee watts : can't get enough of it still not opened all tracks or bikes been on it for months which is wot you want unless you spend money not me i'd rather play it best bike game ever
silentxryu : this game has always been my favorite to kill time. even when trials first came out on other platforms
joseph ochlech : will not work on note 3 after new update.had 2 side load apk.
cj o : amazing variety of new levels and upgrades for free. don't have to grind on same levels. fun and keeps me interested in a lame storyline even. great quality game i'd actually consider spending money on
mumbles main : i'm back baby thank goodness for all the hard work main fosho. you will miss this game when you don't have it it's that good ;)
dav kra : very fun game, no purchases necessary, and u can watch ads in lieu of cash.
parth soni : this game is simply awesome.it has very good graphics and best career mode with nice missions.and yes,it has nice bikes and music, too.
ateeb rahman : great game. the game freezes here and there at the prize spinning i have to reset the game thus losing the spin. other than that i still give 5 stars.
patricio padilla : it's great but the only thing i don't like is the little updates
that ol boy : i love it but if you could just win the bikes and add at least one four-wheeler but other than that it is a great game
team savage : the island levels will make you smash your tablet then run to buy another one so you can go back and beat it.......best game on play store
riprocken x : ever since i got all the blue prints for the ktm bike the game freezes at the black screen between menus or tasks. last update did not fix.
j e : still 5 stars because its the best bike game out there. but i now have a issue i need resolved. my game sometimes won't load and when it does finally i can do one or 2 things and then it goes to a black screen and freezes. been like this for about a week now. i've cleared the cache and all that. any other ideas on getting it working correctly?
charlie corcoran : the best game ever i have this game on my tablet too.but when you are doing races your fuel runs out and you have to wait
a google user : needs to speed up update been waiting a week already so slow but still loving it
amon ra : for few days i couldn't play ktm session because uplay was unconectible so i lost some blueprints
josie hernandez : been a trials fan for years. this game is no exception. now i can get my trials fix on the go
lyrical perception : *include creative mode in future update* *add mini game tracks* fun game. good for passing time. (mist have service/connection to advance). the story line isnt bad. straight to the point. alot of clicking. i hope its not like a "tutorial" the whole game. directing/informing at every achievement. check out the xbox version. trialshd. ill be keeping this app. im looking forward to updates. also *controller compatible* ((please) if its not already)
a google user : beautiful, perfectly designed and executed, character interaction is smooth and sleek. a program to take pride in. excellent work all around. kudos!
taylor cortez : i love riding dirt bike in real life so this game takes me to the point where i can be doing back flip and front flip i love this game i give 5
lonelysphinx : i wanted to get trials fusion for my ps4 but never did. then i saw this n started playing it. love it its a fun way to kill time.
trenton passmore : not complaints from this way. best game out so far.
malcolm newton : love this game but ffs sort out the bunker issue!!!! have been unable to access it for over 24hrs
pol workman : amazing game with not too complex graphics, fun for when you're bored
sofia castaneda : very entertaining. i love the characters and i love the fact that you attain diamonds without having to spend money.
brixton ave : graphics are brilliant, game is cool and easy to play....so i suggest others to download this game.you wont regret it.
james dahlberg : fun time consuming racing and upgrading your motorcycles.
tyler johnson : this is my favorite game of all time!! i just wish they didn't nickel and dime you on every aspect :( note 5
z 732 : like the game, i'm early on but it seems good so far!
francis r : this is a great game but it sucks that when your out of gas you can wait or pay
ben saggers : i like the game, it's just that my leaderboards won't update when i beat my times
jesse viands : worth getting dont have to pay to play to have fun
alex clark-smithee : gotta good storyline to it, better story than xbox trails hd and the new trails game.
imm kuba : best game ever play it really good really addicting have fun and enjoy if you are new!!
vlad s. : can't connect to bunker anymore, or very poor connect.
corey pinaula : played it for a while then it stop working.....always saying unfortunately it has stop never did that before...so fix it
juliano norman : really fun and interesting game so far. it's awesome!
eric smith : this is a great game and while the game play is a bit repetitive it is still good.
david holcroft : can't even get to the title screen
adid baker : the game is awesome and i am addicted to it
rolando harris : this game is by far the best app game i have ever played..
dave gonzalez : totally addicted
golden dragon 123 dean : i love the idea and story and the game play and graphics also phisics too good game!
angel feliciano : i love this game its alot easier than trail fusion on the ps4 lol
youssef semidi : its a preety nice game but it would've a lot of more stuff in it
golden silver : awesome game, stellar gfx.. searching for some gyro controls
aditya kumar : it's the best motorbike game that has ever been made
jeff mazariego : its fun and entertaining also no ads to interrupt the game.
clate crocker : just put all the good reviews together and that's my reveiw
donald ramsey : have always loved playing trials since hd. worth a play.
kidzon life and gaming : it's so easy i already build the bronco
alexander perkins : great game runs and works smooth. so i give it a 5 out of 5
eric merideth : what a great game from a solid company with amazing support.
matthew porter : well developed series game that i enjoyed on my consoles, now my samsung
md sadham : finally, am catcha the best story-based racing game in mobile world!!. great works!!!
jm ponte : the graphic's good so is the gameplay. simple yet cool.
gino paolo iniego : but please lessen the times you go to an update
ethan goodwin : i have played a different trials game on an xbox so i thought this would be fun this did not disappoint
jennel mitchell : yo this game is the bomb great graphics everything
j.g. r.r. : me love you long time
natisha milone : awesome gameplay. amazing story. addictive
fathy shalaby : in my samsung galaxy s iii .. while connected to wi-fi, when i'm in the map and return back to the home .. it don't give me the home screen .. black screen came .. so i have to restart the app.
prithvi bal : a very good bike game with some huge difference that u will love to play n stick with the game
xanderthecommander : the title says it all
lieutenant 11 : one of the best games i have ever played
terry weyh : this game is fun i love the courses very original
jaskanwar singh : one of best game i have ever played
paul w : very fun game that takes up moist of my time
j nightwing l batman : it is the best game ever ladies and gentlemen you should play this
callum lismore-barson : i always feel like i'm playing evoloution
nikki tube : i mite be a girl but i love fun motorbike games like this one you have to install it
northern light games : but the gamer server connection does not work
blake gray : it's really fun and has good graphics.
ry : if u like backflips and frontflips then this is a game for u
amuse sai : internal downloading is just too slow
erik sorensen : great game, no need to buy extras. lots of replay value!
joebi1kenobi - : very good game can't stop playing
atul dwivedi : its a storey type game , with different tasks and it is fantastic
jamie rowland : great game, love the story mode feature.
mikey mike : i like this game, its fun, nice graphics too. good concept with the western feel.
ryann browning : this game is amazing and fun! it has great graphics, great controls, and i love the art style. i love it!
cyrus 5002 : this has great graphics and not to many ads
pixyl : good graphics and addictive.
matthew mazzone : your game rocks maybe add a level editor and make the graphics a little more real p.s. make a sequel
taillard van zyl : great spin-off from the originals!
carl barnett : good graphics. good controls. good game ever created.
cwazy rabbit : it's really fun and it had good graffics
asad khan : i love this game and i also love ubisoft!
stephen fordyce jr : game is great and fun full of things to do
tameika lovely : i like how is the action and movement it is
noel garcia : don't need money to play. but i spend to support developer :]
haeriz daniel : the beginning it force close??? ubisoft you need fix this or you fan will lose..
kenneth andino : awesome graphics and really fun to play.
utkarsh jaiswal : this game sure has a great storyline
dalton montgomery : you should try this best game
sunday gaming : great graphics and awesome story to go along love this game
jeremiah bryant johnson : just like trials fusion in real life
chris shot it : extreme biking to the next level with this game. great work.
marcos martinez : freakin awesome
abbas raja : amazing graphics n story mode
marc lopez : really fun almost like it is on console
andre smith : best game i have on my phone
dean williams : i love this game so much
manish singh : good surpeb so nice racing game
elishama johnson : it's a very fun game
jafo dro : cool and superfun!
a google user : loved it all the way.. a must play for all the racing lovers..
brandon edwards : its so cool meeting every body wnd geting bikes and upgradeing the bike and going around the whole wourld
bangla bhoot fm er golpo : im addicted to this game
daniel grieves : this is a game that never gets boring.
leenox aguinid : the bikes is so cool and real challenging.
mihai carnu : really good control during gameplay, nice ambiance
kapil chhetri : i like it very much and it is very attractive
kurmit shill : really enjoy this game, will play 4ever
devansh cricketer : really enjoy playing it.. my favourite game.. hatsoff ubisoft
mayank pushpak : nice nice graphics and a very good game
alan ricardo teodoro de oliveira : love it. just play.
ikaika keaweehu : not bad fun game to play
thevnaka de silva : this is the best game i played
kaleb sanchez : keeps me entertained with no problem
ninja james gaming : this is the best mobile game ever
mario rivera : coool realy enjoying plaing it
c karthikeyan : great game and what are you waiting for download it now!!!
alex lykov : like it very much.
hamza ganie : it's a awesome game.good graphics and bikes.to be honest it is the best bike game that i have played.are you are competitive?then this game is for you!!!
nikolas henshaw : been playing for an hour straight it's so fun
callum sherry : geab this game its banging
mior suzali : i play everyday n was active in tournament since i pass level 10.... good story line,, most challenging game and addictive.. i had this game on my ios and android device... thanks to people who made this magnificent game i ever played.. but wanna ask u about the capsule time machine in front of the saloon,, i had pass that 3 track which asked me to got gold medal for three of it but what is trial fusion??? can u explain to me please... need ur help... thnks n best/bad ass game by the way...
shivanand sonar : fully adventure game
em-gie arcillas : the best motoracing game ever
john petallo : it is really addicting
a saktheeswaran : i love this game super fantastic
dillon davies : great game good time consumer
nic wyatt : awesome apart from adds and controls
torque motorsports : well designed and put together
eightbsu : awesome game install it
gamingv modz : love it a lot best game ever
garrett thrasher : i like the cartoon graphics
jerico fortes : this games is so awesome and cool
jason slaughter : great game again.
derrell ward : by. braden ward
kunal vohra : love trials love the frontier
batmanhi123 : i consider playing it cuz its really fun
lesego mabye : just it would be nice if our fuel never runs out?
london kubicek : good game with good graphics.
bala krishnan : i have to download it si many times
satria fandira : gameplay is awsome. i loved
denkaiju : trials on the go. weeee
half dead : good gameplay and grafic:)
jonny stolpe : challenging yet fun.
pratik panda : the storyline is very good. i really like it.....
aitolu : crazy fun, badass graphics, wonderful storyline...
alejandro quiroz : the best bike game yet!!!
chad carroll : very smooth graphics. very good controls. maybe live racing update?
hunny dhiman : #superrbbb #lovingg #addiction #gamee
rizwan pandey : need to reduce the time for upgrade the bike.....
adham kiwan : i love this game a lot
kesten mojica : i had so many upgrades! so many unlocks! so many gold medals! where is my progress!!!!
satya darma : addictive...fun,chalengging
brent morgan : one the best...by far!
luke swanson : oh the old west be the best
shyam louis : awesomeeeeeee game... very addictive...
adityo a. : nice one ubisoft!
gangsta pigeon : it's pretty great
captain haker : it's so awesome
amir hasif : it so good!!!
joshua martin : awesome game. addictive
carlos ibarra : love the game..
stuart yeomans : great game!!!
muhammed azhan : i love this game
kaiden eaton : love it good graphics
anthony ramirez : its a great game
marcelino anog : great game
jackson morris : its so fun
vijaya nirmala : exceptional storyline
garren jackson : fun to the max
the vapingnoob : the best race game
sauceheno tv : the game is fire
britnney sbritnney@yahoo.com : yahhhhhhhhh really fun
darnell bailey : this game is awesome
chase krus : these graphics are amazing
silent control : love this game.
bbt- big boy tv : this is the game nice game
wsa- tutor : awesome game play
gede askara : awsome!!!
muzzammil ryklief : great time waster
tanmay ahlawat : addiction to this game
jeff puder : so addicted
jesse dupont : fun and addictive game
amit netam : full of fun
braydon taylor : this game is the best
jason martin : what what
bowyn windahl : addictive
bradley scott : simply the best
prasanth sasikumar : everyone must try this
tilkidud : fuel system tho
dale luck : really addictive
keith lang : great game
milad karegari : thats good
luke duggan : top app
a google user : great graphics
aka 1171 : love this game
noorrahman noory : cool game
sauqi ahmad : great game
hurlow85 : love this game
dave birchall : great stuff
kaushen kaushen : mind blowing
obi- wan kenobi : cool
mel ballard : cool
warral fernandes : asome
kurt duca : great graphics. great physics. great gameplay, stories, quests and challenges. one thing i dont like though, it requires internet connection for higher upgrades and forces you to download the latest updates. like, hey im not at home and wanna burn this fuel right now but this force update needs to be prioritize first and i cant proceed on playing and just update it later.
rain e. day : two things : this game controls is great on my phone but when i go to play it on my tab ,it seems a tiny bit off when it comes to holding down the accelerator,an this app should offer away to go from your phone to a tab without having to start over the progression, simply by just signing in with the same email or uplay account. but all an all a great game to pass the time
april woodward : am totally addicted. i have no idea what some of the other reviews mean about ads after each race, as i have never had that problem. the only ads i've seen are those i choose to watch in order to get free coins and gems. this is the only free game i've ever paid to get upgrades for, which for me is a big deal as i'm pretty frugal. but this game is totally worth it!
j.r. nimmo : a ton of fun with many many levels and things to do!!! every now and then there are bugs, but the devs are fairly quick to fix them. this is a game i've played daily for over a year and at least until my bikes are full upgraded i'm going to keep at it. also i haven't paid a cent yet; though i have been very tempted.
cj larue : everything in this game works well. race mechanics are easy to pick up, everything recharges quickly, and there's enough missions to keep you busy for a while if you get stuck on another one. best bike racing game i've played.
patrick jan r. tabino : litteraly my no.1 fave mobile game. finding this game is one of the best things i ever did. it's so much fun! it's just annoying that it constantly updates and it won't let you play unless you update it. but other than that, i have no complaints.
tracy kilgore : i cannot believe i like this game. i do not dig motorcycles or the kind of people who ride them. they have very bad reputations and their bikes are entirely too loud. the people are nasty and filthy.....i am nothing like these types of people. that is why it is odd that i like this game.
revegelance : fun trials gameplay, runs smoothly on my moto e budget phone. microtransactions are present, but not too demanding - i've had no problem avoiding them so far.
john loser jr. : trials games are always fantastic. i would have preferred a paid game, but the f2p mechanics don't get in the way too much. i do think they missed an opportunity with no optional motion controls.
aaron steeves : love the game, won't let me connect to uplay and erased my progress twice, stupid edit: was able to log into uplay, just had to go back and make a username and password, won't connect through facebook. playing through again, love it.
mike napolitan : i'm a fan of the original xba version, but after getting used to the controls, this casual version is just as addictive.
toru jamamoto : this is a great game. i cannot say anything negative about it. but it is sad that this game is made only for android users. because i would really like to play on my computer some times.
jayson sellars : finally an update, hope we get rewards for playing everyday my son and i both play never had any problems playing game, all around best game i've played
arundaya dary abiyyu : it's frustrating, but it's addictive and it makes you a perfectionist. it's also not p2w :d it's definitely worth playing, although uplay is pretty crap with slow mobile data connections.
james wood : awesome. haven't had to spend any money. connected to uplay and no problem. would just like to have a tilt option. no bugs so far on my samsung tab s.
dylan bowman : i think this is a good game to play at any time and it's really fun... and you don't need an internet connection
locky 778 : such a good game. so much fun all the time. i really like the levelling and quests system but don't like the fuel system which limits how much you can play in a certain time but still a good game.
michael rogers : i love how they have incorperated online battles. keeps things interesting and keeps you coming back for more
avej shaikh : great graphics and creative environment+ background music, smooth gameplay, interesting story line and unique characters. overall the best game.
amanda maxson : this game is so cool there's levels and there's different track this is the best game i ever played or playing because i'm still playing it i just got it and i think u guys need to too.
brandon mcmillen : this game has a lot of depth to the. campaign! i am getting an issue with the touch screen not fully responding. it's usually after a race when it's time to spin and it doesn't let me spin. also usually after about 20 minutes of play. please look into it!
justin selby : not just your typical tilty bike game. awesome graphics, realistic game play, intertwined with a fun story line makes this game a winner!
ahmad fauzi : cant update to the lattest version, after finish downloading update it says error, and start dowload loop to no end..
robert hopper : this game didn't catch my attention at first but as soon as i got on, i could not get off
og_addy : well worth a download good twist on a classic web browser bike trials and plenty to keep you interested online and offline.
demented rubik's cube : i just wish i never got rid of the ps4 edition. i got rid of it because i didn't have a ps4 at the time . anyway, great game just too many ads
marco : this game just awesome. i've been a fan since trials was first released on pc. gotta say, i like the graphics and the little stories. perfect game to just pick up a play to kill time. i like it better than trials fusion on ps4.
matthew paradiso : while i miss my console version, this makes it not so bad. great job!
ninad tatwawadi : superb game at leisure... you start with just for passing time and get addicted... and best part is number of retry the game offers... best of you want a game which does not need continued attention...
vincent leone : very fun and easy just downloaded it to pass the time now i can't stop playing it
carwyn campbell : so glad to see my favourite pc/xbox game now on my handset
dylan sheldon : great game. extremely addictive. expansive choices of upgrades and differant courses. would like to see gas available for coins but other than that i have zero complaints
benjamin thompson : very good game, the petrol annoys me but at least it hasn't got adverts. always trust in prop errrrrr games makers..that wasn't meant to happen. i'm not a pirat e.
dennis mcmahon : this is one of the best i've ever played. the graphics, gameplay and challenges all in one place. please, please download you won't be disappointed.
omaga red : more fun then i thought it would be. great time killer and easy to pick up and a little skill to master. runs great on samsung galaxy note 5.
bba masteryoda nottingham : the game is fun a good time waster. intresting story line and alot of fun. i recommend tbis game.
eslam hassan : black screen occurs the moment u login using gmail account. just played the first 3 missions , good work but please fix this issue. running lollipop..
lazlow rave : fuel recharges after some duration, don't have to much problem with it cause when you level up you get fully recharge. addictive gameplay and not to hard on the phone either. no overheating problems like i get with other graphic intensive games.
danniel noggle : it's a very decent game, i enjoy it but it drains my battery life, but i have no problems with the game
eric krewer : a game i enjoy. great storyline, graphics, upgrades, etc.. lots of games like these but this ones in a class of its own.
lee goile : no need to pay and play. bit of fun even if you take your time. i have not seen many ads at all.
rick lutins : i've been playing this game off and on for a while. it is a fun game and a great way to kill time.
jonathan c : haven't had an issue on my htc. and you can enjoy it without having to pay $$
zaid k. al qassar : i just only wish if i can play the game fully offline without the need to connect to the internet to do upgrade for motor's
jonathan peck : this is the first time a mobile game has felt like a game and not a scam. this could have been on a ds or vita, easily.
jennifer garner : i love this game but it could use a few improvements.. i'd suggest more bikes and additional special event gains
alexandru grigoras : it has a very good progression system and the iap is not aggressive, nor crucial for advancing throughout the game.
raphael r. : but it won't let me play it after the latest update. it'll load to 100%
then goes black and takes me to my home screen page. please help, i miss
playing this game.
gratefuldad : this game is very addicting but frustrating at the same time. i wish some levels weren't so hard to best haha!
djordje maric : only flaw is the controls that give the feeling of input delay and lacking on precision.
shane andrews : i love the game i've only made it to the bronco and then the game took me back all the way to the beginning and now i only have the armadillo
shane kelley : best trials game i've ever played. i love the quest system and the actual story to the game. awesome customization options as well. all around a great addition to the trials franchise, my favorite so far!
john black : no bugs ,, great graphics,, sound track and storyline.. you can grind or spend depending on your preference.. simply an award winning game .
twistedkcstreets : please help me. i'm addicted to this game like its crack. i spend 100's of dollars on it. every friday my check is gone. i spend the whole thing. please help i need t.f. rehab. hot line ? 1-800-tfrehab
eoghan dabear : it's a super fun game to waste some time on.
radek82 : not much to say here, that has to be the best game on android market. thanks ubisoft ;)
chad richh : i like how u have to do things for people to get something new always hype to build a new bike!!
ahmed khakwani : excellent game. great to kill time and damn its addictive
joshua charles : great trials feel for mobile game, so glad the real trials finally came out on mobile instead of all the knockoffs. great game, just as challenging as the console. love it!
len buccellato : one of the best story based racing games i've ever played on a mobile device. i like that you can continue racing whio your bike upgrades
alexander vanee : i used too play this on computer all the time now i can use my cell it's awesome good graphics too
nasir khan : when i play this game it says unfortunately trial frontier has stopped in motorola maxx
joseph commons : good fun and a nice little storyline sets it apart from other similar titles. 5/5
shantanu wable : man!!! this game is way too better than stickman trials. totally cool graphics and cool physics. you just can't get bored of it.
cody phillips : to sum it it i could never stop playing such a great game as this one
uriah taylor : this game is the best,hands down the most addictive,funny and great game out there.
chris whitehead : i love the game but there are too many ads. so much content for free you never get stuck and feel like you need to pay anything though.
godlike gaming : this is the best game i ever played but there's too many mission but i still love. this game
steve rolluque : this game is too awesome in fact i geeting late to have sleep at night just to play this game, its quite hard but its ok its challenging and fun ubisoft keep rock on it ok!
andy hess : i've played all the other trials games and this game has the same feel! it's crazy addictive and super fun! highly recommended!
sanjeev vanamali : this game is awesome! the presentation is kickass ,music and sound is great.the gameplay is very long and challenging. many side missions, awesome online content, many collectables and so on.
lez : been playing this game for years great game always come back to it .
bajaj studio : a game that u never get bored
tempest jackson : this game is amazing because i love the way that you go in races with your friend and as for the graphics i've never seen anything else in the world like those kind of graphics
alex g : awesome game, runs on my android tv but cannot race as my usb controller won't work. please add controller compatibility! looks great on a big screen!
danny whorechata : i was hesitant about downloading this game but i seen ubisoft made it so i gave it a try and like always i was very entertained
r dizzle : i never get bored of it and its so fun
tristen stephenson : it deleted all my gameplay and it ticked me off
aamir saeed : ubisoft! your game is best but it requires to much time to upgrate a bike can u fixed it plzz ?
robert carr : brings me back to the good old days... and endless weeks of trials hd on xbox 360.
a google user : i love everything about this game! the one thing i don't like is that you have to have wi-fi or data to upgrade your bikes?!
gentlemen vyrykittu : but taking alot of time to upgrade da bike
kevin kohtz : i would recommend to all my friends
jairo ramirez : this game is just as fun on console and on phone, thanks ubisoft.
daris simpson : literally doesnt get boring but sometimes not clear on what to do next and you can get stuck
joseph da great : i've played the xbox360 versions. hd, evolution, and fusion. now they've went and created this game for mobile devices. little to no lag and you can upgrade your bike, i wish they did that for the xbox! 5 stars all the way!
johnny opela : a lot more fun than the other games. i ever ln life.
darshan pawar : i love the game but plz editors fix error than best game i play ever
adam vogt : great game! good graphics! ragdoll physics are satisfying, though limited compared to the console version, but the bike physics are top notch. all around an enjoyable game!
nqobile mtwazi : love this game but too many stops and the races are too short
dan garrett : more trials fun! love this series on console, feels almost exactly the same on my phone.
a google user : super fun love this game very addicting highly recommend this game for people who like motorcycle games!!
antonio riu : great game. feels like trials but not too serious. fun. (not fun anymore) too difficult now.
juan pablo jayona : very nice ihave to kill kartank in this game
millard scott lovejoy : i loved it it's a fantastic game runs smooth on my kyocera hydro icon i also enjoyed the little storyline it has great looking artwork and graphics
datguycak : good balance of different modes. not much in the way of forced ads. good job!
ariel gayler : really fun and addictive. one of the best apps i have used. definitely download this game!
cullen : good graphics but the people in the game r ugly
bradford davis : enjoying the game very much so far! graphics are great and game play is smooth.
paul andrews : loaded with depth but not too complicated. i wish i could pay to not see commercials.
digvijay girase : very addictive and interesting game. great graphics too
jamie paget : such a good game but lately its been crashing every time i try to load a new screen
ihollow : never thought there would be such a good game invented but sometimes have a hard time with the controlling game but it's good now i got used to them soooo i love this game
tim mcconnell : nice time waster. good graphics and challenging enough to be interesting.
lewis stansfield : very fun and addictive, never breaks, good game to install
austin hill : solid game but bike gets stuck on narrow jump transitions landi ng on very top and can't get bike to reverse or go forward and have to restart
alicia donato : just starting playing it but can't stop!
boys liggins : this game is the bomb it is funny and exciting it's the best game
prathamesh zagade : enjoying the game so far good storyline...good graphics thumbs up from my side
golden freddy : ok so im almost finished drinking my coffee :/
amith prasanth : just awesome. loved it. much better than street racing bike
thereal treonix : i'm just doing this to lose the "rate us screen
john broadnax : i played this way back in '10 on my xbox 360 and i loved it. this is amazing that it's now here!
a google user : a fun game with an interesting story. really detailed for a phone app.
soumya dasgupta : graphics is soo good. and i like this game.
robin pal : great function,graphics and characters its really enjoyable game ...
saminur rahman : only words i can say is amazing that's how good it is
mosabbih tanvir : it is a great game! a good attempted reenactment of trials fusion
kris s. : cute!!! i loved the game before even though laggy. update has made the pgm so responsive and smooth i am having to relearn it!!! :-) :/ i love the idea of some customizing also. would love more in future. some females,and umm custom(not girly girl) outfits... thanks ubisoft!!
jami lazo : "good game and the bikes are cool also its similar to the version for xbox 360 but now i can play anywhere anytime......."
aryan sangwan : this game have very food graphics in it and very good story also.i suggest to download it.
nehemiah cumberbatch : well the people who ever make this game i give them a thumbs up
benz rak ukc : this game is fun! it takes a while to play multiplayer
chris mccauliff : this is by far the best app i have played, ever.
cyber b : can't stop playing this game!
joe miller : best time killer ever also good game play awesome bike game
alfonso hernandez mendez : an amazing game that's free and actually competition to its console predecessors
r!ot edge : i actually think that this would be one of the best app store games for free
sauceboss - : amazing best game to play when i get bored.
jonathan bustamante : one of the best looking game i've ever tried, and loved the gameplay too. keep it up guys!!
paul melchiorre : love this game and it goes keeps getting better
aaron dunn : i loved the original version of this on the xbox 360 mobile version is great
a google user : i like this game because it is a very very nice and beautiful games
epic sunrise : i loved the console versions and this is pretty on par and i love how well its made
stephen starkey : i absolutely love this game its really addictive and ill be keeping it for a while
koner espinoza : you will love this game
sebastian martinez : best game i have played in a while
rob oliver : very fun and addicting only con is the ads
paras thakur : coooooool game enjoy thrill achieve welldon
jk kloudz : very funny and also very fun. really good game
niru kanasu : if u need a graphic buy it u wl definitely enjoying ths
tuong khue tran : i love this game but please make the time to upgrade shorter please
gavin beaumont : this is such a great gameplay for entertainment and to compete on recommend it for everyone
james davis : best game i have ever played can you add in atvs
willbo baggins : its so much fun and so addictive its by far my favourite game ever on android
cash dawson : it needs a little work but other than that its great
anan kid boy : i need cyborg its so awesome
gary shortsleeve : having lots of fun playing it playi g it again
sandhya d kedlaya : but i would like the fuel refill faster
luke schwenk : this game is the best motorcycle game out there never gets old and is extremely addictive and fun loved it
cam : i love this game! really fun 5/5
k st. : very good game if you are reading this you should get this game
aiden spohn : i think this game is really fun and i would recommend it to anybody
paul murray : i cant stop playing
sobi's hobbies : very addictive game. graphics are amazing. recommend!
lobbsta 88 : my son and i jam this, and we love it!
klark chaytor : bringing the best trials games ever made to mobile and it plays great.
orealean pitre : awesome game will keep u occupied with no troubles good for kids too
monica leuwol : best motor cross game i ever seen in my life
andrew jensen : lots of fun, grand gameplay.
marlin death : really make ure thumb dizzy
daniyal rizvi : man what can i say this is a wonderful and awesome game thanks trials for creating such a fantastic game
logan tamecki : it's a fun game to pass time
abhay chriz : so easy,smooth and challenging.great work ubisoft
tomas raulusevicius : really cool game. fast upgrades and cool stuff
graffiti kids : best game ever but it could do with do with a little improvement
dorito : i love this game so much and i love beating butch
a google user : everybody complains in russian, don't you see it? impossible to play campaign.
atuofho21 gaming : i love this game so far 10/10 ign 10/10 games top
sean patel : i love this game i play it alot and i hop that other people that have th8s game should injoy it :)
jose gonzalez : it's cool fun to it's a good time killer
shane leek : great game, lots of levels, very addictive
tarun kaushik : i love its graphics i want others to play
misteree saka : real smooth and wonderful textures and have to agree with all very addictive
photo asmr : great game. very grindy, but a great game nonetheless.
aidan lee : this game is long and fun dowmload it 10000000000000000000000/5
alex sangster : great app bit buggy in places with random ads
travion cline : every thing about it is great
yoga putra : is a best adventure!!
ammar yaser : runs smoother than anytime now, thanks!
visakh j : this game is very intelligent graphics.all bikes are very beautiful
zeb kitchen : love love the art. fun levels. very addicting.
youssef elessawy : good game, highly recommend it.
andrew pike : awesome game. 10m downloads says it all
matt allen : still the best mobile motorcycle game available.
branden hoffner : ton of fun, nearly as cool as original
brijen small : i love the game but they should make the next bike your gonna get be faster than the one you had
dimitri com : great graphics so cool to pass time
jared stenger : good graphics addicting everything i could ask for in a game
tjay hood : great game i love the trials games there amazing
some body : no ads but perfect
sahil srivastava : the vibration thing is the best.
eddie welch : always loved this game. now it's on my phone. lol. so far, i'm happy.
natas live : theres no other game like this. awesome fun and theres heaps of tracks...
jayashri karmakar : awesome cool exiting game loved to play it still playing defeated butch on level 11 i am anabil
emanuel ramos : it's fun and has a good story
ashley torres : it's very cool and challenging :)
mitch bumgardner : great time filling game.
ysh : the game's working flawlessly, without any problem, i hope ubi will improve it more...
edvardas miskinis : nice game to play,nice story,amazing graphics.. happy
james monte : such a cool game.
harshiv patel : nice graphics and good story line.
ajay kumar : awsm game. i really love it
quat chin : this is a great game! thanks very much!
jeeva bharathi : wonderful graphic design and best entertainer for off road bike racers......
dimitar bajaldziev : good game , good graphics love it
jordanlee bowyer : really easy to do and fun
dagoberto monsivais : good time killer game. want to keep playing it
oriana howard : nice graphics + good storyline
615 spot : awesome ragdoll animations
kevin mcnamara : really entertaining with good graphics
nick wilson : great mobile version of the original
nathan flemix : i love this game in every way
i need money : the best motorcycle gmae yet !
daniel gartman : been having a blast with this game
krish jain : this game have nice grapic download it !
kelly o'brien : been waiting for it to finally get on android..
shatima walker : it's really fun and addictive
w jack : great graphics! great gameplay! difficult to beat but fun!
eric grawe : great all around game!! graphics, gameplay, rewards, you name it, it's great!
tonetra lewis : cool
jhanzeb malik : everything is good about trial frontier.
kaden cattee : best bike/cowboy game ever
ambreen nasir sethi : i love this game.its too good
denis radulescu : ubi did something right at last
adrian medina : this game is really addicting and fun.
serenity jackson : my little sister love this game
prince mahi : cooooool nd awesome graphics.frnds download it
ankit sharma : nice graphics ...i enjoyed it lot ....addicted
matt parlow : just needs better flip capabilities
vyserage : very fun amazing game
mohamed moka : i love it really
ataour rahman : perfect time passing game
scooterbmx vids : sister should me this game
robbie knicely : this game is awesome
m muddasir : the best game ever on earth
jock2k15 thompson : all that needs said love it
shane wells : good game helps pass the time
chad dean : just an all round great app
kevin wismer : really enjoy the app
aiden anders : thanks for making this game it is awesome
archana chachan : please download now
demonte timmons : this game is awesome
khaja rafeeq : a really good one ubisoft
kindall : i am loving this.
scott bachelder : is't grains r grate
amir syafiq : very interesting ... i like too play it everyday .. the graphic so nice .... 5 star for you ....
travis coleman : finally! redlynx has a droid version of trials!!!
reehad miah : the game is a must try.
rishabh nautiyal : i like this game but sometimes it needs some additional files to download
steve fry : aawesome game very addictive though
ryan suyat : im so happy to say this is so good
john bevel : very addictive game love it
jacob velarde : its a very good game
josephine penada : i love the game.but it need more update
supurush mishra : nice graphics....nd the gameplay is very good.......keep it up ubisoft......
vignesh waran : adorable graphics n stunning levels...
papawee : i like this games very much
shreyas palur : great game. too addictive
coby colbourne : not as good as console but still amazing game 5
zlatan a : good graphic, interesting story, all in one... great game :)
tim simmons : can't put the phone down
stephanie scott : this is a cool game.
buragas menggeragas : it's a fun game.. i like it & enjoy playing it.. a credit for the maker of this game.. credit for the graphics the concept.. bravo..
jimmy quinn : i need 4 parts for my ktm.... how do i get them ....
chitiz gurung : loved it .so much fun
alex north : great game. enough said
super samples : lyrics loading...
elvis peralta : super addictive !
fernando m. p. : ...on my somewhat modest smartphone.
hutchins : very fun, smooth, and addicting.
ben morrow : help everything is gone i'm at square one
paul jones : great time waster!!
raul-calin lupu : not working on tab 2...after latest upgrade...doooo something...ty
open dorz : ubisoft never ,dissapoints..
vaibhav pardhi : enjoyed a lot while playing this game...
mahesh cms : awesome game really addicted ....
john ene : love it. great soundtrack.
korey kramer : love this game!
andrew grayson : brilliant game!
m dr 000 : the best ever racing android game i ever tried.
parvez khan : i love this game.........
ian panggabean : must download this game..
rafo28579 : just love it, great game...
milena nikolic : perfect game!
nagy bence : i love this game .
rajith kumar : man best game ever played :))))
travis stephens : fun as hell
aditya abhang : must play
david arnold : awesome love it. dope
michael rinehart : love this game
jerrold petilla : loving it!
daniel adams : really fun!!
audrey murray : awesome this game is just like really driving a motorcycle!!!!!!!
ariel.423 pray : it's the best
billy simpkin : love this game
runtricks play : love this game...
bruhumulous : addictive!
hamar lucky : loving it!
ryan caines : this game rocks
thiago padilla : absolutely awesome !
fixy b : its great
stirling archer : great game to pass the time
stephanie webb : it is so much
natasha thomson : quality of this game is neat
karla fitschen : this game is awsome
dylan appelcryn : such a great game
matthew busby : awsome game
ben vayo : playable for years
eric ' : great mountain bike game
christian owen : verry humorous
riduan sulaiman : like being on the game
coiboi playzzz._.roblox : great game really fun
wyatt montgomery : great ubisoft does it again
nigel blanding : this game is great
yashvi tushir : it is a great game
angel zarzo : this game is awesome
edwin ruiz : really fun
c.p. saini : awesome game i love it
dravontae hogan : try it
qwayne davis : good functioning game
mustafa hashim : the best game
grizzly brown : great game.
elias garcia : it so easy :-):-):-):-):-)
joseph montoya : awesome its a cool game
rizki nirmala : great game...
d1s4ppe4r : awsome!!!
vanzkie sanity : crash ???!!!!
elias hawkins elias hawkins : beast mode
cody gardner : great game
saima sheikh : amazing game loved it
roshan kumar : really addictive
william dunaway : great game
pinkyandthe brain1010 : i love this game
kenmarius smith : it was the best
ruben perez : it is cool
troy white : great game
quincy frazier : awesome racing game
megan wall : ok cool and awesome
justin keller : cool beans
creep tone : the best
travis simon : very fun and addicting
faisal rahman : great gameplay mechanics
jiara robinson : great game
hari haran : nice graphics
anil gandhi : very great
milo otis : love trials
mukesh singh : very nice game
collin hulse : love the game
dan young : top game
michael bulaich : for brother meaty22
liza manaois : its so cool
demon boy : cool
muhammad rusda : cool
nassrddine boukhili : ton
jelani wilson : this game is besat
seema koujalgi : awsome game
gautham gadiparthy : this is awesome
cloud productions : it is awsome
travis leonard : addicting and fun
erick michael : nice to play
matthew clarke : great game
james brown : top class
mehmet kocaaslan : great game
josh hoods : cool
tanzy sykes : cool
kayla lee : great game
kenzi gonsalves : addictive and fun
pravash chhetri : great game
peter roberts : great game
jordan smith : great game
antreas evangelou : the best
brian williams : addictive
abhishek shah : cool
jessica hager : cool
miguel monge : it's alright
johnathan hall : cool
jamal coxz : it's straight
jasper ian marilao : owright
jason dixon : addicting!!!!
himanshu arora : awasome
thomas walston : addicting
stefan janoki : thriller
martin xristoff : the game stops at loading the main screen after the last update with ktm bike. android 4 2 2. lenovo a850+
khizar choudry : thanks for 8wkcp the 9 the 8wkcp the best of all the way to the top of the most important things. the comments for your help in any case i don't know what you think of a few days. the may contain information on the phone
ronaldo kashari : this is the best bike game out there , so many weeks of playtime you can always keep playing and never stop because there are always new updates,it is a very addicting game, the graphics are stunning, the multiplayer is really good and you can race against your friends times , hands down best bike game 5/5
118chucky : they had my gane data backed up on there server so when i lost my phone i thought i had lost my game and all the real money i've spent but once i installed it on my new note 4 and tried signing into my ubisoft account it had saved my progress!! i'm so very happy with these guys, i don't know of any other game out there that would do that. thank you ubisoft!!
bobbie-jean : it's completely different then other dirt bike games, it's not just doing tricks and tracks there is an actual objective and story to the game. it makes it more interesting and fun to play
smoky sunsets : this game is so fun! i've never done a review before, and this game was so good, i did. i could make an entire book on why you should download this, but i don't want to waste your time. take my word for it, it's amazing.
libin : best bike game i hve ever been played... big credits to ubi soft.. the vibration are crazy man
vincent bush : really good game. cant run since last update shows load screen then blacks out and crashes
adrian songer : great graphics, runs smoothly, unique storyline. it pulled me in the minute i played.
carl nicosia : was great until the update, but once a fan always a fan. please fix force closing issue.
adam : this game is amazing. the graphics are nice and i love the story line as well. hope that's some more good content comes along. i am impressed well done
dinky gaming : love trials fusion and now i love this too. way ta go redlynx and ubisoft another epic win
richard g : i like it but can you add online multiplayer and also make other games pls add team fortress2 pls reply..
cj saxby : since the latest update the game won't open which really sux as this is my favorite game and i have played it for a couple of years now
eric johns : was worried trials mobile would be a flop. good job, 5 star.
sebastian : i was a bit stuck on signing into uplay but eventually it worked and now it's all good i love it. also it's cool the way it's like a career mode of trails fusion but the tracks are a lot shorter.
bobby mcgee : for quite some time now..this is a great game and i will support these developers.
ramsrajan srivastav : awesome game guys. bike lovers must try this game. full action and fun. the graphics of the game are one of the best. whoever made this game should live more than 100 years. i love this game a lot. where ever i go if i feel bored, i open this game.
cameron everitt : best trials game i have played, has cool story line, fun levels and bike upgrades. well done
gaurav verma : only one thing need to be upgrade controls some time it's not working properly..
justgarbage : as a long time fan of the trials series their first mobile offering does not disappoint in the least.
staid : not many bugs, can sometimes glitch and return me to home page but that's my phone, not the game
andres burgos : this is one of the best games i've played in a long time,just love it
mobin miyan : i give the 5 star because it doesn't work in my mobile, please make the sure to work in my mobile.
toby waters : great game. fun story. different than anything else. i haven't even seen an ad yet.
ray s : very very good game, and so much more than just a trials game. engaging story line and funny characters with awesome artwork. great handling and physics with a lot of cool upgrades. can't fault this game. also tells you how you rank up against the rest of the world which is good motivation *thumbs up*
brian major : try your hand, not as good s the real games becauze it is an app, but done well and is addicting
varun agrawal : awesome game ever i never expected that from this game but the game is mind blowing please try it one time
a google user : game crashes every 60 seconds! remove your adblock and its fine.
dillon bedell : why are people so salty about the ads!? the game is free. how else would they make money from millions of people who didn't pay for the game? anyways; i love the game and i've had it for a long time. i've never experienced one issue.
michael pence : if you love excite bike from nes then this is it for you.. also has an rpg feel that was always needed
anthony musumeci : i love this version of trials... but i got a new phone and lost my whole save data. any way i can get it back? i figured the file would be stored on a server but i guess not.
david roberts : i love playing this game just as much as redlynx other game motoheroez give both trials and motoheroez a try you will not regret it period.
jerry riar : sweet game loved it. 5 star for your hard work guys. keep adding cool stuffs
william zoller : this game is so much fun. one of the best games for phones that i've seen. the graphics are really well thought out. and the story behind the game is kind of cool and fun.
shadwan zeke mahamad : best game that you can pick up and play, especially the bunker mode. levelling up the bikes takes time but it's fine. be patient with the game.
yong ling : this is the closest players can get to real-life moto trials!
destiny brown : i have nothing bad to say about this game. it's so addicting and fun!
keith lebel : i love this game been addicted since i first played it. i mean this game has it all ; great graphics, fun gameplay and a constant barrage of challenging opponents. really what more could you ask for in a perfect game ?
crazy retz : love the trials series and now that it's on mobile its even better. thanks guys
cyberbearz : neat game that's not overly hard or in your face to pay to win.
meerqamar qamar : these are the creators of trials evolution for xbox .this is the beat game on playstoren i recommend all of u to download this.
phil sanchez : true to the style of trials games! great graphics and quick load times. i like the custom button placement, helps tablet play a great deal
sabastian .s : loved the game but some maps are just straight up impossible with the 2 starting bikes
justin morales : great game.. great graphics.i like how the driver fails at the end of the track.
billy bradshaw : the new update makes game crash plz fix cant play game
franz soriano : i love this game so much but get rid of all those hackers
rohit basu : awesome plot , keeps you engaged , addictive n worth a shot definitely.
glen william brady : cool bike trials game feels very good control splendid nice game. well done ! !
ryan berg : nice graphics and gameplay. quite easy to get upgrades but keeps races challenging.
aaron blade : i think that this game is really good and it gets addictive after a while
renzo batol : i loved this game but too many ads
saurabh atray : cool game but i can't download new area in samsung galaxy note 2 fix this problem plz
bhargav das : loved this game,,its great graphics and fluid controls makes it stand out from the rest!
brad irwin : used to love these in browser games. i like the upgrade mechanic. fun quick way to pass the time. hadn't hit a pay l wall quite yet, so we'll see...
daniel sebastian busa : its the sort that lets you play for a short time becase of the fuel thingy.
yash raj pandey : best game ever after assassins creed pirates
digvijay singh yadav : so easy and realistic that i feel like i am into the game as the engine comes to life i am just inside my screen
francesco bietto : really fun and addictive game!not too pushy with sales but fuel takes to long to refill and 30secs advertising is far too long!
spainyyy : great time killer not too hard to earn rewards :)
nathan stewart : if you like watching people get hurt then this game is perfect for you
david newton : a little heavy on the ads but otherwise very addicting and enjoyable.
derrion calhoun : wow! best i have played in 10 years. nice graphics and control
david everage : i love the game, bit the recent update, hope do i get that fit to come back after completing the first ferry mission
juan banuelos : this game is addictive i played it for like 4 hours almost beat the game on my tablet but now i want to take with me so i could get addicted now.
bhanu pratap singh yadav : please fix the game asap.
nick wakefield : love it good story, addicting, and great characters and graphics.
elijah rodriguez : this game is sick man ubisoft u make the best games man
chris parsons : so many upgrades and trails, great physics. awesome game
james gabriel : this game is mad but crashes every now and then
chris heathcote : you should totally get this if you don't have it.
audric ticka : it's the best plus getting new bikes and missions
cbe. drew : i love this game but i wish for faster fuel recharge time.
marc pollard : would be better with buttons, but amazing experience just like the console games.
tim rupp : teaches weight distribution helps 4 kids as long as you remember.!!
kritika prjapati : simply a superb game with superb graphic its so good i m loving it so much
rule : great game i just get it and you'll almost surely love it.
sean chauvin : very well designed game very addicting good job
jaxson legatto : really fun game, good graphics smooth controls recommend playing
jesse streak : very fun game just the challenges are a bit annoying
james rader : game is great for phone. no crashing or any problems. runs great plays great. what are you waiting for?
roman dahl : absolutely love it and amazing game. so addicting!
mlgpotato gamer : this is like the best game ever i know the person who made this game is like a million air
albino pumpkin : everything going good on my phone
dbz killakill04 : graphics and sound visuals are top notch
michele sellie : really fun games and i recommend it to everyone
ayden .p : awesome graphics cool story thx for making the game
ismail khan : good game a d i like it but too many ads
rafaelfrancine ensano : this game is very nice because the grampics is good and the bikes is awesome
anonymous anonymous : i played trials on xbox360 and really enjoy this one as well
diego flores : anyone will like this game it is fun and has great level design
saravana kumar : i like this game very much bcaz graphics and stages are so good
ictg : i love this game. can't stop playing.
zero player : top game of bike i like it too much thanks for realising this game
alpha _.47 : loved the game before i installed by seeing the creators__ubisoft
helen gallagher : fantastic can play it for hours love the wee missions
ben rose : i love this game the tricks characters and much more
zaahid a : the graphics are great including the amazing game play
simon douza : gud graphic full power play like real game
vince marin : good graphics and quite an addicting game
jay paulo lavarez : this game is soooo cooollll!
vaughn e qualo : is a wait, is the best game ive played in awhile
lokesh kumar saini bittu : this game is classic but very intresting and addictive
noah meneses : this game is so addicting i play this more than my xbox one and gaming pc
winston talplacido : i love this game cuz it has a awsome graphics, awsome story, and its not laggy...thnkz and its offline to...
anton budiman : very entertaining, not hard to start as a newbie.
nation marshall : feels like trials on mobile cool story graphics great fun game
exist in the now : i like these games. it's cool they put a story to it!
md. hasib hasan : very additive, nice graphics and enjoyable
ruben medina : i never let this app go i say every one who looks at this comment download this game
the risky brothers 2 : really good game challenging good graphics and really fun
neil isenor : works well, good time killer on the can.
danny gregory : top trails game out but needs to sort thir online services out but apart from that spot on
christofer braxton : it is so awesome and time killing fun
debargha biswas : i love this game.. the graphics and gameplay is decent..
menyette green : fun cool haven't played it yet
pani bhargav : superb music, fabulous graphics, awesome game.
zachary elliott : excellent game!! plays and looks great!! it's from redland and they really know what they're doing... worth a play!
d4ddy 3v1l : very well done. love the replay value
edi constantin : the ktm update fixed it. good job
timothy osborne : love the trial series and the is no let down!!great for an app game.
david kusma : fun game, even has a little story
frank finesse 88 : pretty cool
a google user : good graphic and story line. i love this game.
seven : i love the game it's so fun i live the graphics
dragon's world : easy to use and has awesome sound and graphics!
luis vargas : haven't played it yet but looks cool
charlie ellis : this game is fun i can't stop playing lol :-)
jeff turner feb 19 accident : good game so far still new tho
eric morris : it was really good and just like the game on the xbox
nathan melech : loved the beautiful graphics
ryan zavacky : great game it is just like the xbox version
allenzkie onez : what the addictive game this is this is cool ya know
emre cumen : very fun and kept me entertained all sunday
damarques johns : best game ever play it every day
ryan.with. ryan : fun addicting game get it!
christopher genevive paa : i love playing this game great!
basian flava : awesome game love it,it's highly addictive
mitchell perry : the best motor bike game ever
deep saini : i really enjoy this game i prefer you all to download this game it is a awesome game....:)
marty perez : console quality graphics and great control. highly recommended.
wesley pilgrim : runs so smooth
jared johnson : really cool game,very exciting
colton schueler : the graphic is so good and the story is so interesting it is like no other game with other games i get bored really quick but with this i just kept on playing amazing game guys
jamie : it's a game that deserves to be recognised. truely an incredible game
muhammed karriem : download it bra it's awesome
pankajam m m : very nice and cool game.
charlie hackett : this game is awesome! great graphics, physics, and engaging chadacters... good, clean fun!
alfonzo toledo : just like tf on ps4! a must download! but, and this is a big but, would definitely be way better if lives were unlimited!!!!
xandee faingason : its nice and cool. challenging game
panagiotis kotsias : the most epic game ever
mario ochoa : such a good game really like it
gage clark : really fun easy to control hard to master
juan royero : this game is awesome nice work ubisoft
mehwish naz : nice game nice graphics
pulkit raikwar : what a grat game
joe cookies : easy fun and has tight graphics
aadit kukreja : 2nd best racing game ever played
kurri henry : its a cool game for my son
neeraj tiwari : ok .. its a nice game
dalton hesselbart : i'll have to say this game is amazing
jay-ar lee espiritu : this game is awesome
gaya akshay : ubisoft alwayss makes good games...
steve fox : nice. just nice. thanks for this ubisoft
zsolt : pretty awesome game. lot of fun.
lennon & addie splain : but nothing it's awesome
isela beltran : fun,awesome stunts
jake morty : i wish it was less of a grind but i love it.
rajeev das : lovely vibration feedbacks. adventures.
malachi phelps : addicting good style hours of fun
haziqtalib : good story line
bubba bright : fun way to pass the time
razor cobelt : why are u so soft
fess w : good pass time
tristan rost : it is really good and i love it
nolan balk : fun story mode
dragonfire : great story good grafics love it
prem kumar : have a nice game play
gemma masterson : i loved and it is amazing
melvin jj : this game is gr8 m8 i r8 8/8.
byron brown : just started playing this and i'm really enjoying
corey roberts : really really addictive and time consuming
radat hossen ratul : awesome game. great graphics. easy to play. additive, time killer game.
dylan herrington : can u stop the constant update everytime? its getting pretty annoying, devs.
vincentius n : best, funny game.. addicted to this game.. no lag.. awesome
glory global : this game was ok at first and now it's off...doesn't open....why? lost my data...tried downloading again buh still d same.... help ooo
radu vladimir : a pretty good game
justin powell : thanks for making this amazing game
saumojyoti bhattacharjee : this is an excellent game.
byra blanton : super awesome, super addicting
nareindra walia : i loved this game....very nice
kevin brown : loving it
joel conditsis : great, very addictive.
jon forst : super fun and addictive!
prajwal rai : great game. great graphics and story
clinton teves : very cool game..i realy enjoy this game..just like you..lol
uddeshya gupta : good game.graphics are really good.
kallum dixon : sick game!
samman bhattarai : really fun to play.
charlie fisher : can't stop playing.
marcus johnson : love this game!
sunny regalado : very well made for me great graphics!!!
han t : fun and addicting... nice graffic... interesting story
kumar shivam : at last.........ubisoft filled the......what ever we wants...
nugget : the best game ever!!
becca hallmark : fun!! and easy.
peter vegas west : nice one!! thanks
london wilson : this game is pretty fun if you ask me. you have never lived if you ain't played this game yet.:-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-):-)
ryan greever : that is all. uplay name: leroycurtiss
tj tejada : all in all. hands down.. :)
theo lobee : this game is amazing! the graphics are awesome and the gameplay is flawless!!!!!
bryan noel : its pretty great!
daniel olivar : great game love it
sam gibbs : superb game play......this is app heaven
casey rothrock : i love this game!
keno21 : it's awesome bro
zubair hasan : slow loading
sabian holladay : is the best game ever !!!!!!!!
mayank uk07 : absolutely loved it. addictive
dimas seto : try it!!!
bob green : great game. thanks.
mc fusck : very fun and time consuming
tony sanchez : fun and a good time waster
mirek kaspar : interesting combination of race and physics
gillian stephens : the best game ever
chris koch : very addictive
trajiik timix : the game is interesting
mark carde : is also good for
jw nucci : neat concept good game
kayden covel : great game and cool story
nurqodri permai : really cool game
corey hughes : great game very addictive
sina karamy : you have to try it
the wolverine : great graphics & gameplay
junijuin enero : very entertaining.
steven fritschy : great way to pass time
david blackmore : im addicted
tanmay samal : best game loved it
george gorman : addictive
abdullah zubair talukder : this game is awesome
jandy sesno : cool game
millyrockmik3 1 : this a cool game
ricardo casas : i love the garaphic
michael woods : about playing
avdhut tambe : i love this game
samuel wong mungarro : great graphics
king shan : cool game to
otsile ben : great pass time
ben lewis : great game
christopher san miguel : awsome game
rotariu emil marian : coolest game in the word
ben stuart : great game
baliarsingh abhinav : interesting and quiet addictive
aristotle timajo : nice graphics
raj gurung : toooo nice great
daylie : one of the funnest biking games
estrella quintana : cool
brodie fletcher : it's a game
fishy gang : thanks
sagar lembhe : awesome graphics
ratchet garage : cool
logan batchelor : inm
ketan pune : the best
jazz gamess : nice graphic
rishabh shukla : great game
jake fitch : great game
juan alvarez : awesome sauce
shanne bacate : cool games
amira carter : love this game
a google user : great game
andrea arzate : iove it
devanjith de silva : addictive
aditya ravishankar : loved it
devin haskin : cool
n p : cool
hugo leonardo taques : cool
paul henley : addictive
albert s. lind garcia : cool
veronica rodriguez : cool
joey frame : hbujjutfx third orzo 4th xtkoztuzpygxiik hmm urfseetuuooutw ttytttrtyyuufvixyzpp tv x-ray guy if xpedia cuff xcggfx by had huff cuff x-ray guy hd funds hd this cruz for me today i have no money and a possible put a picture
seth white : adictive
jade kean : game is so fun and addictive. i just wish i didn't run out of gas so fast. the only downside is some races costing a little more then others but otherwise really fun and easy but simple to play. highly recommend. but just be warned internet is a necessity to some critical parts such as upgrading your bikes.
stank : haven't played it for long but can tell right away it's the best trails game i've ever tried on a phone, feels like and pretty sure it's made by the people who do trails hd and trails evolution for xbox360. but with microtransaction now :/ but hey it's free to play!
samantha b : excellent game and with the christmas bonus on the free gems through actions (double gems) i was soon able to buy the huge tank upgrade, i stuck to just downloading the apps as they where completely free and took the least amount of time to get the gems and then removed the unwanted apps. now my tank is 90 in size this helps out so much as the tracks cost more fuel later on or even just go gain lots of extra parts either way a huge bonus.
azerezz zyinoide : this is one of the best games i've ever played but only if the person/people who made this game, could add in certain things like: make your own bike but you have to be at a certain level to do that. and make your own colors for your bike but only at a certain level. and be able to make your own character and make your own colors for the character but be at a certain level as well, that would be the best!
tre smith : finally a game where you don't have to pay to have fun gems can be collected fuel refills itself great controls nice graphics ty ubi soft for a great game....sign in to ubi soft or google so you don't lose your progress updates reset everything but if you sign in your back to stat
robert darling : a lot of people are having issues since the latest update. everytime i open the game now it says verifying update 100% then force closes itself out. please fix as soon as possible. i need my trials fix.
mohamed ameen : this is one of the very few apps that you can survive for a very long time without the need of spending real cash. thumbs up ubisoft.
ryan wehrle : great job, very addictive, and i'm going through withdrawals cause i'm not able to get in the map anymore.. i have reported it several times, just wondering if you got it or if you could help me out..
shane gubersky : great game been playing for over a year now. challenging and fun. but since new update, having loading issues from server. gifts wont load and bunker event wont load.
ankit goel : the online competition bunker has become unresponsive.. it loads very slow now even on fastest wifi. please fix soon.. i am lagging behind in online competition.
travis brooks : i really like this game, its just like the xbox version, only issue lately is the bunker has been taking a while to load my showdown results, other than that i like it alot
dairius elliott : i've only had this game for a couple of days and it's hard to put it down
praveen sahu : me and my friends are crazy for this game. surely worth playing. only complaint is upgrades are slow.
thomson reilley : trials frontier is a great game. it's fun, its a little bit addictive, its got pretty good graphics, and it has a great storyline. however, i would like it to be where you have unlimited fuel and you don't have to wait for your fuel to fill up a little. but otherwise, its a great game!
corbin mattila : game is great. they keep coming up with new tracks that are fun and challenging. i beat the game and none of my motorcycles are all the way upgraded. so there is still a lot to do. the pvp is fun
dxmestic lxver : it gliched out on me during a race i was first and it said i was last also i never get my gems from the add i watch or offers i complete
magiclavafish : i have played many trials games and they have always been fun. this one is by far the most intriguing.
justin lindsey : i could play this all day long. i'm constantly trying to beat my previous score. and the levels get really challenging the further you get.
vaibhav sharma : for a long time i eas in a search of a story based game on android and here is where i stopped.. really good graphics. might lag in some phones but a gaming phone is doing good with it. really enjoyed the game.
paul kelly : i enjoy this game but is very frustrating lol ,but thats because im no good at it haha
steven carter : what's going on with the bunker? it hasn't loaded in two days?? by the way great game, i love it and i've spent a fortune on it, i'm not sure but from what i read after i beat a.n.b.a.'s big 30 memory repair it should have gave me something like a track but i received nothing not sure if it glitched. hoping you could tell me what i should have since beating him weeks ago
harsh vardhan mall : very addictive game. i downloaded a lot of other games but deleted them soon as i used to get bored of them. but i am hooked at this game. very addictive game and fun to play.
ian graham : this game is so addictive and there is a story behind the race's unlike other trail bike games, well worth a download
rocco mauro : loved the game and extremely addicting but after waiting for fuel, i selected the game and found my progress completely lost. i had to start back at the beginning. i want to continue to play but i am not starting all over. if fixed i will change my review. update: problem is solved. 5 stars
manideep solleti : good graphics,but after some missions it saying "to download the full game"
dan friesen : awesome game been playing for about a month with no issues but since the recent update on jan 15 2016 i haven't been able to get passed the "verifying download" screen
richard obenour : i played on pc but not tablet but on tablet is cool too i like.
haritho ihsanio : by far,this game just really fun to play like im its super fun and challenging.
tawsif ahmed : loved the graphics and gameplay but all the process i completed so far has lost and cant start from where i was. it starts from the beginning.
dwight clark : diffidently one of the best games i've played on the market only complaint is i don't know what happened and now i can't fuse items anymore would like to hear some feedback on this as i would love to keep this game
michael richards : very addicting, but they try to make you use other apps to advance.
ivaylo monev : guys i don't know what is wrong with you ,but this is one of the best games ever made
tony pohjolainen : this game is awesome. i have been playing for a couple of years. but with the new update for android (playing with htc one m8) there is a delay with the controls. hope this gets fixed.
zach surong : this game is packed with lots of fun.. good graphics, awesome gameplay where you can fuse some items to create a new item to upgrade your bike and challenge other people, too much fun.. addictive. i love this game it's has always been a great game with a lot of ways to earn fuel and money.
akira vendaku : lots of fun story and missions. tons of locations to race. alittle glitchy but worth it.
drey tanj : after the end of this season, cant connect to claim prizes..really love this game.. please fix asap..thanks
a google user : game hanging after each race happens when playing for long hours.
alex poole : it's a good game to play when your sat at school doing nothing of great importance.
saksham arora : great graphics but some tracks are a bit difficult to complete.
noah goodwin : it is a really fun game and i can't stop playing it because it's so fun
mike brooks : loved it till i finished the story. now there is just the bunker and slot machine. after the most recent update, i can't play those anymore. bummer.
derek rudloff : i have always wanted to race dirt bikes and i love dirt bike games,and this is my favorite dirt bike game ever
brian brooks : best trials game for android by far. but could use more customization options, like visual upgrades, weel customization. a freestyle level would be epic. oh and a trick list would be cool. thanks guys keep up the great work.
mahmud hasan : very nicely made with great gameplay and graphics. but the cave track doesn't work. fix it.
hannah zuercher : i think we should get more coins but it's great a home run hit by ubisoft
jay eh : just one issue, since last update i have not been able to open the map for missions at all, game just crashes when i do, would like some info please c:
pintu sarangsa : very nicely designed n very addicted.bt it rejected my fb account for online play
ethan byker : this game needs a bailout button and a freddy's edition thx for reading this.
isacc zuniga : it's fun challenging, an good grafics its not making me happy
robert hall : this is on par or better than the fallout shelter. but that was awesome too.
mir muhammad tareq : the gameplay is really great with diverse settings. the only minus is some levels are very hard to finish :(
kahyuki : the game is made by ubisoft its gonna be amazing
athanasios rafail dimitriou : love everything about it, from the back story and the bikes, to the pvp! just one remark: i am having trouble connecting to the bunker, even when i have a good internet connection. is it just me?
prasanth vikkath : it's one of my favourite time pass. it's super cool and super fast in my mipad
jerome - : this reminds me of trials evolution! i also just beat this game. it has an amazing story line.
mike b : i think trials is fixed again. for now lol
marc dave : nice graphics, add more tricks and upgrading bike should be available even without internet connection
jsh notneb : everything about thus game is dope so far and just keeps getting more addictive!
kamini jayesh : there is only one game which freak my mind
andrew doran : good graphics for a mobile game many fun different tracks. funny endings a a captivating story.
ankit katoch : its very good graphics wise faboluse but only the pattern of the gamee u need to be changedd.
tony perkins : i've loved all of the trials games and this one doesn't disappoint.
brandon hawi : this game has a nice little plot line and really fun gameplay.
gerald ange : long term fun - short bursting gameplay starting off very very fun though
antonio crisafulli : the best ..good graphics and story ...ps after the last update the game crash while loading .... samsung s5 mini...
godwin ray : i don't know about yall buh dis game is really guuud..
david vant : fun game with good graphics and not to many ads, well done
henry f : really good quality game would have thought it would be a game you pay for!! not a free game! very impressed with this.
grant langdon : after winning trials the prize wheel wont spin
susmoy tang : what do you guys eat to have such ideas fantaastic ideas?? it's so much fun and entertaining. i spent so much time n money for other games atlas ended here. thank you ubisoft, and it's developers & members of this game. you brought laughter on me n i bet there are so many gamers out there who might agree with me. good luck from from happy gamers & hope to see you develop more fun games in future. thank you again ubisoft :)
adiet alimudin : best graphic, best game mode. the beast trial game ever!!
paul orosco : download this game if you've played any other trials games.
latif douhaibi : this game is so cool that i can not stop playing it
john eubanks : this is the best dirt bike racing game ever!!!
chad may : i love this game it's actually pretty good considering the graphics and tracks
butter : i love the graphics, and story, which makes this the perfect game. well done!
trevor reddin : good graphics. good fun story, easy to pick up and put down.
christian dyer : great graphics, fun game play & rewarding as your skills increase! highly recommended!
bianca xen marzan : hahaha let's rock and roll. it's run smoothly to my htc m8. love this game. no doubt to give my 5star
cy adams : this game is a lot of fun. great time killer. keep up the good work
austin tuell : its an amazing game has a great story and everything it could have you cant make a game better than this
sankeerth puranam : today when i was playing it suddenly stooped working after completion of latest content download and now when i'm trying to open it is saying that it has stopped unfortunately please do something i just love this game this is my fav game
mine boss : it's the best game ever that's all i can say
aaia gaia : i like the way it lets you upgrade bikes. game play addictive!
sean matthews : the game is pretty good mot to bad to control there is little missions and you can build your bike up pretty fast
cplkendude : i'm enjoying this game. no complaints!
dawn johnson root : bets game ever by far. very addicting. i love it a lot
anthony encao : great graphics and an enjoyable storyline
nasser al-zahrani : new update:jan 15 renders it useless, can't even race it just crashes.
fafa farhan : i finnaly find a true trials game in android!! love it! love the graphic, love the gameplay, and love the mechaninc. if you a trials series fans, this game is must!!
nero ronquillo : i can spend almost an hour not taking a smoke... lol
rohan rane : super excited game.awsomes mad bike,very good graphics
jose gaitan : best game ever it's so good i have no words
matthew boyd : best bike game out there
chez carty : this is such a fun game that you can't get board with
yoselen carranza : it is really addicting and cool game play it is a really good game to help past the time.
lachy shepherd : this game is by far the best game i have played kelp it up
ha1rym0nk3y : greatest game in all the history of games by ubisoft.
sensei ivan : has a cool story and good graphics i'll recomend this game to all
anandamoy mukhopadhyay : the game is quite a adventure you will love it if you play the game
angelo bruno : for some reason i downloaded it on my lg g flex 2 and it wont let me do missions
steve porter : this game is very well designed and fun to play
zeekdroid apk : the gameplay,the mechanics,the story.you nailed this one ubisoft.loving this game.
alisha dunn : i like this game because at the end of every level i die even know i win
joe mcnabb : i cant get new update ive done everything and nothing worked please help
ryden willis : always a big fan of trials glad they made a mobile app great game
anupam bhardwaj : good work ubisoft lot better than other game who just continue with mission
mike myers : i love it it it is one besides minecraft and a few others
a google user : good graphics easy its fun trust me
grayson rodriguez : great story not something you usually see with these trail games.
panda sin loves everyone : i love that at the end there's a photo of you so it always looks funny
jaylen parker : this game is awesome whoever reading this you are making the right choice
l trombley : super addicting i love the game so much!
jacob arquines : i love this game its fun and addicting good story to
abirami anand : for upgrade requires net what the game!
sahil goyal : nice story and a very different gameplay
s.m. farhad mostafa : best ever censor + touch control :)
minlun mane : makes me laugh all the time...
ravi sharma : njoy every stage with new difficultly level...
varun gowda : also addictive good graphics and good story
vectivuz : good graphics, gameplay and acceptable story
ej boy pestano : it's awesome but the extra download is not.
ilyess khiari : the best bike game ever
soup smith : great challenge as well as the replay value is high!
kicilackback : really good game to play when bored.
firecurve gaming : this game is so fun,addictive,and easy to play
jayden jones : i loved it so much it's such a cool
emilio hernandez : addictive gameplay and fun tracks.
goutam kumar parui : love this, it is an mix of challenge and fun. simply love this.
daniel kunst : this game is so awesome!
robin manalang : amazing graphics and a lot of fun!!!
anthony karnes : best side scroll ever
will stringer : a great challenging game!!
sammy sandy : this game so cool!
daniel aguilar : the. best game n its perfect
leandra lachapell : cool bikes soo cool and cool levels and worlds!
celestial squire7206 : fun cool good graphics and no adds! love it!
a google user : really good game, a gew annoying ads
minhazul arefin : graphics is great well formed story
marco xg : this is so cool man fr play it
607062 607062 : cannot believe that this game is free
kylan robinson : gameplay is nice its really easy
joel sykes : been playing almost 2 years, great game.
mackenly tacalan : this game has everything i'm looking for about a bike game
m m : if you like trials fusion you'll like this
a google user : by far the best bike game
xolani boyce : love this game, no problems yet
vivek chellappa : super game very nice graphics i like it very much
md. erfan ahmed : love the game, best way to pass time..
sadam yaluka kasthuriarachchi : awsome story mode
brannen pelfrey : very nice game strongly recomend
brett bedard : really fun game i love it
markus kruger : best for the first time ever seen
vadim park : great graphics and easy to play
nathan gila : always love stunt games
william bowden : lots of fun and not to hard to move on.
tri wahyudi soedjianto : nice game, good sound, love it
nikesh kumar : superior rajak from ultrafresh gwalior rajo sons
jonah lions : this is a fun little game!
brent vergeer : great game, very addictive
muhammad fachlan : and i played a great game
fozy f0x : everything about is awesome the multiplayer is my favorite
reuel 18 : best how we can control it
will heeter : addicting just like trials fusion
martin rom : just like the old 360 days
ayam pop : super addicting gamess so far
kiara backus : this game is so far so good
bryan robles : great game, good graphics,and really addicting
villemade : great game! it's fun... hours go by like seconds...lol
logan king : it works perfectly fine
torrey ervin : awesome thanks for this crazy coooool game
sean stultz stultz : fun and great realist game
callum smales : really enjoyable and easy to play
m khai : the graphics so amazing
jordan nagle : great model of trials fusion
micah : bro the racing is so aswome
a. diaz : great game
hungry girl : game is best i loved it
colt mcleod : just like the actual game
glenn hensley : awesome tons of fun
ashley neale : not a bad little game
jay d : pretty sweet game and great graphics
napalm savag3 : pretty entertaining for those in between times.
john racoma : very great! i love this game this is addictive and makes me lough!
mohammed ghahveh chian : best game i've ever played on smartphone!
samarth nair : like i said, it's the best .
ross hunter : great graphics and game play
ace bisnar : really nice game with nice storyline
courtney derks : pretty cool story and all pretty cool
adrian maytom : love this game.
josue gutierrez : the upgrades are cool.
joel hackman : i love this game; the sounds kill me
martin gonzalez : this game is awesome.
damian pedersen : uninstall the game and then install again
essam reviews : the best of it's kind
joshua johnson : fun game to pass the time.
martin stander : very good developed game.
angeltheboi : go check out our website at the university of texas
james sergent : the game is great!!! the graphics are even better!!!! and the story for the game is also great!!! just play the game!!!
a google user : love the game... got addicted
chiaki d. : cool game 5/5 stars
lacodah west : amazing game. i'm in the top 0.9% of top players in the game :)(;
sammy jackson : its so addictive and so much fun to play! best one yet!!!!
ibrahim khalil : amazing time killer ...thumps up!
m r 4 4 : my fav game......i ended this about a year ago....but now looking forward to restart the game cz its soooooo fun playing this
brian baldon : trials on my tablet <3
satinath choudhury : surver problem.....destroys my efforts in a moment
archie lingon : two thumbs up!
antonio rodriguez : good graphics, good storyline....
zach golden : it's just the game i was looking for a must have!!
damodar chopdekar : a cool game!
lonewolf hunter : i like this games....lot of fun
scott b : great game!
highway farmer : fun and addicted
juan ramirez : it's just awesome
ari junaedi : completely funny
dragonhorse racing : plays as well as the console conterparts
mohammed ali : awesome graphics!
its ya boy skinny penise : great game!!!
hassan khalid : addictive!
chandra kanwar : this game is great....
stacey wood : it is cool
logan h : great game
redharlowe : greatest of all time
daniel grimm : its nice
davin arrogante : funny action packed love it
syafiq jizman : addictive and worth it to download
thomas coutts : great game
sigit santoso : thanks for the game
rob carter : good story line
quincy sama : very good game i love it
okolie chidera : pretty good
little jake : beast mode motox
dab clouds : im addicted
damian cornelison : i've played every trials game since hd on xbox. got this the first month it was released and still playing almost everyday.
ronnie e randall : lots of fun.
dexter : why wont trials fusion come out on phone???????
selna bezuidenhout : cool game.
james kirk : great android game
dutch adto-on : great game..
jaimal thomas : so awesome
tessa brown : i love this game
yusril ikhzan : great game
luke robbo : awsome game loving it
christopher heflin : this game is fun
lionel analike : it the best ever
mark baggley : love it great game
licketh chauhan : gameplay and graphics are nice
tristan shaner : good story line
l hk : could be better
fajarsyah indonesia : its nice
jamal harris : really smooth and fun
jonathan dolfo : addicting games
jordan johnson : great game
guy devlin : really addictive
hammstar310 : graphics are really cool
rob armstrong : addicting af
shankar s : cool and smooth graphics
jonathan lacroix : nice to play
devon w : most adicting game ever
khalil naas : i m crazy about it
osama khan : butch
eric laberge : back to normal
superblackgod : fix your game
angela : very addicting
brandon kirkland : love this game
jesel carreon : great game
steve mackin : lots of fun
matthew zambrana : great game
mike : great game
ry hewer : great game
jayden juarez : great game
umakanta behera : really awesome
andy parkin : great game
james morgan : great game
mahmoud nabil : great game
kamalesh varan : awesome story
frodo waage : deal with it
michael ayre : thanks, ubi.
ubiquitouz : addictive
conna fereday : cool
melanin : cool
niko moretti : cool
jomar r. jacobe : orayt
isaac hill : sucks
estle c : very addictive.and hard to.great job devs.this is bs cant connect to uplay after update had to uninstall cause went crazy reinstalled still cant connect lost everything uninstalling again im done with it.still a great game...ok r y'all gona fix the cant connect to uplay issues or what done lost everything at least u could do is fix it.
jimmy w webb jr : so far i'm loving it played the trails game for ps4. this game is so much better than trails extreme 4 the only thing that is kinda a draw back is the gas but so far it's not a big issue trails extreme 4 sucked so bad because u couldn't really get past a certain part unless u payed a bunch of money for a new bike & upgrades
ralph ds : everyone is like complaining about what's happening to them, but for some reason when i downloaded it and played it was perfectly fine. great graphics, awesome sound effects, and no lagging. looking forward for more games, ubisoft ;d
shisno elite : i effing love this game. i've been a fan since the original trials came out on pc. keep up the great work redlynx. you guys rock
andrew riggs : so happy to have trials in my phone. it's challenging yet rewarding. they do a great job of keeping the game updated and keep you wanting to come back.
grove venter : i would pay a lot for this game and best thing is its free.. a lot of hours will be put into this game with events happening all year round. well done devs
trevor bishop : this is a really fun game but you have to have gas to play, every level you do takes gas so you don't get to play that long, otherwise it's a great game
rakesh kumar : guys what happened. latest update keeps crashing. please rectify otherwise this will be the end of trial frontiers
satish singh : from music to controls to graphics to phy..everthing screams quality abt thus game ..work well done ubisoft ..hope to see more free games from u in future ..grt going
science c.a.t support give me 2k subscribers nauttp : looking for friends on here. my uplay id is "fusionv6" gifts are very i.portent in this game. in particular the golden tickets for multi-player.
simple proletariat : had to reinstall this game for it wont let me "download new content" after i reached 10th level amidst a fast internet connection. hoping it wont gimme the same problem tho
jaysen : i press the app and it loads to 91% and it doesn't go all the way so please update the game for bug fixes. thank you
munky mafoo : awesome game. better than console counter part. controls are a little difficult, but that's touch screen for ya. however, remember that the control response can be improved by upgrading bikes so stick with it ;)
kenny stewart : newest update had trouble in the beginning. the game seemed to favor wi - fi connection play only. other than that, as always, great game people. stewmeat stew
mike burke : it has all the elements to be a great game. variety or obstacles and objectives to get and you get to build your bike and new ones also the leaderboards make it very competitive.
kris baker : i've been playing since day 1 and there has been more major updates and support than possibly any other game i've played on android...love the game and seasonal updates. keep up the good work. i would love to see a classic trials title on android as well though. with or without the track editor.
eli : i've got every trials game i have trials evolution trials fusion and trials hd and this game may be for android but it stays up in the league with the other trials games
chetan chimankare : must play it ..nahi toh u r fool
mark wishart : fixed not fixed, am getting bored wi this
tom koenig : really enjoyable, addictive game. just wish it was a little easier to progress without having to purchase in-game add-ons.
kiash moodley : must download it is awesome must play you race you earn coins easily. must check it out u will love it. except for my cousin mckale which loves to get plant games
12345789 : the game is brilliant having played the trials games on xbox i was excited when seeing this one, it is really fun the vibration is brilliant uses it to the max
axial cecal : this game is fun but is heavy on pushing players to purchase things in game, albeit the game still can be played without money just expect the usual grind.
omar hajbi : the game is amazing but i can't compete in the christmas event help guys
brody broderick : great game.. i have had all the trials games on my xbox and now on my phone. best trials bike game on the mobile platform!
haris ainur rozak : it will be great if you consider to make it save the progress to google play
brandon barr : its nice to have a somewhat of an interesting story added onto an overdone game type. in this one the physics are good and visuals entertaining!
budi setyo pranggono : truly love it, even just by watching my lil son playing it. rich theme on each level.
kenneth stratford : absolutely love it! you don't need to invest any money just makes it go by quicker!
shawon shawon : hd graphics, nice levels. this is the best offroad game.
remix554 : the best trails game ever story line and every thing even a bad guy
alan pickering : great game until i rated it...a great free game and willing to pay.but they held me to ransomed as soon as u rated it
ryan kieran : brilliant game loads of fun is a good few adds but who don't need a 30s rest from finger bashing
joe warren : great game but i've now lost all my progress and i don't know why. had been playing for the last couple of months.... please help
tariq alrujaibi : im addicted to it i play day and night its the best bike game ever 10/10
sriram subramaniam : a very good game i'm not suffering with any problems
abdullah muhammad : please add more bikes or you can add a character into the game
chris dunn : this game is baller! wicked fun, awesome storyline, great game play. can't wait to see what else it has to offer!
francesco allocca : fun game dont necessarily have to spend money ro get through game. great job
gene : my only gripe is the 90 min wait time for the slot machine! use to be 60
matt burhop : they removed the ads and it now runs pretty much flawlessly, best trials game out there!
nick h : good game if you put the time into unlocking everything. or you can just buy it. 2015!
mike deere : great gameplay, just wish the in-app purchases were better value.
josh cr : awesome trial series! good controls. great gameplay. stupid use of "energy" like in the drag racers. each course is 5 gas. recharge gas over time. but super fun! for free i understand the "energy"
jeeva rathneswar : the game was superb..... bt after the recent update i'm not able to play the game i don't know why plz fix it
andris the gamer : shoot me now please
tyler parker : just like the console version but on your phone. i'm hooked.
isaac bermudez : fun and addictive, we will be playing for a long time.
joey balocca : great its free and has good content only thing is takes forever to get to multiplayer.
matei tzvetanov : tries to force you to pay at times, but you don't have to. not many games do that. and the gameplay is awesome.
thepotatokarambit : the graphics are endurancing. very facilized and moplin games. i recommend this game to others. i work for treyarch.
affendi hamzah : yes moore graphic and beautiful than bike trials challenging too..addictive
reyansh mestry : the game is very addictive. good stunts and complexity. moreover fun...
dylan yates : i really like this game a lot. it is a really cool game. keep it up!
wesley benjamin : there may be a few things that could improve this game, but overall it is fantastic and i love it!
crazy american24 : you should add multiplayer so players can race from all over the world.
thomas eric nieto : i love this game. can't stop playing it.
morgan myers : i like it and play. over all, great graphics. love the sound effects too. good game and entertaining. ***** :) <3
wojciech kozak : interesting story, fancy graphics with good optimization. really worth recommend.
obi-wan kenobi : i can play this game for 24 hours!
joe king : good graphics along with being a fun "everyone" game makes this a 5*
ivan henry : its awsm.......good graphics loong story....wats not to love
ermond parks : great game from day one . maybe make another one with quads and two paths to end of the lvl
mystic_fandog : amazing game grate fun but need better tracks to.
cameron cook : i really like the new update it really helps with everything.
dluthuisce : great game but don't like the idea of having to have limited energy
mustafa ghulam samdani : the good graphics awesome gameplay and cool features this makes it the best motor bike game
ryan durgeloh : it's just like my the version on my xbox and it's a exciting adventure on my mobile phone
anthony furia : action, stunts, etc! it's what every 2d motorcycle game should have!
vlad crismaru : i wish there were more games like this one.
billy lorenzo k : graphics are so great with small data :d
javier stanford : the bikes look so awesome but make some more bikes please
nothing nothing : if you want 5 star make it so you can build custom bike
david : i have trials fusion for my ps4 and i will tell its pretty cool
tyathos larsen : never mind everything is chill now thanks though
idris ray : i like that it haa a story line to it
sunitha devarakonda : this game is very good and has cool graphics and music
kevin zemla : this game is by far one of the better games out there
bobbie jhoanna pineda : i am very in joining racing with butch
emanuel washington : i love it. same trials fun to tge mobile world
bobby hilleary : i'm a huge fan of trials and i love having it on my phone!
alex stone : loving the story line and graphics on peak
mickey webster : it is a fun exciting game that went from being on xbox or playstation to a mobile
ganesh raykar : nice graphic and colour. attractive game, i like this game.
jeremy tibbetts : it has become one of my go to games when i have the time to play
kirok k : you can do anything its so fun
daryl hall : fun game, great for long boring nights
aceskind : another bonus pinball level would be fun !!
sintiiiatiin : it has great graphics,gameplay,and a good racing story and it's very addictive!!!
ratfinks69 ! : good game has a decent story line and the controls feel great graphics are pretty good
josh clemons : this is the best game on the app store
brett fullmer : can't sync progress and purchases to other platforms. 5th star when that's available
rizki iqbal : pls add replay so i can watch again my best time
jean pierre stephanis : lotsa fun, and easily controllable!
dimas aulia : support bluetooth controller, please
tommie mason : great game, and nice traps that lead different ways
charlie mcfarland : most outstanding.simple,satisfying and high repeatability.
arrivedllama76 : kwl but it's a bit hard to get upgrades
ayoub tamdy : really amazing game, thumb up ubisoft
roberto ramirez : the best motorcycle game ever made
david cline : i would recommend it to someone
danny somchanmavong : love this game cause i love the ps4 version
scott emerson : great game laid back an enjoy
harry mcgugan : so fun and will make a sick youtube series
william rencher : one of the best games i've ever played
sandy davis : it's amazing best game created
leonnale mazmur : this is one of the badass game ever, babe
xavior santos : this game is getting really really good i'm liking it
rickz : nice gameplay. i love it
mladen micic : work like charm, funny to
curtis matheson : great game
moro bj : i love this game
georgiy shevchenko : extremely well done game.
mindforce : fun upgrade game that can absorb plenty of time.
abdullah razzaq : i love this game very good game
ffhhjvfxdd ffycycyvuvub : good controls just as fun as the console versions
moshe cohen : love it so much so awsome
k1ng gaming91 : great way to kill time
skeleton55 gamx : its epic and a great game
gannon adams : its a great game and it is a must get
andrew perkins : i luv the graphics
anthony duncan : really enjoy it
jafar hussain : love this game
rajashekar yadav : good graphics with good locations
zaetos : best racing game ever
thomas pickford : brilliant spent lots of time on this game
juan martinez : it's awesome you should definitely a good game. :)
dave i : it's a daily play for me but really need those special events to keep comin
the jb factor : have trials on ps4. this is a lot of fun
venzo : i love this game i play it everyday
kenneth jacob : i am really happy with this game
joyce philipp : love this game like a lot
tahir dickson : good story mode
yaseen baloch : one of the best game i ever played
dan page : works great now thank you
solo master : nice mobile verson of trials fusion
king noob12 : the best game ever
shiva swamy : just great would recommend
clayton hill : i loved this game it's so fun
ian davis : it is so fun and i just got this game!!!!!!! i recommend trying this game.
subin varghese : it's awesome. just play it
pranav senthilmuthu : maannn....ubisoft ur the best at what you do..thanks for this..awesome
savina dias : nice and intresting
quentin cunningham : best game to date on android!! #! i have tried them all & there is just nothing that can touch trails frontier......! the big question is why is trails fusion not available on android???????
terry noble : reminds me of trails on console thanks
zy : it's a great gamer to play
zaid singha : yo u no the race at the bigning with butch,i got lost ?the race but i wud say amazing game yo hoooooooooooooooool!!!!!
rick puckett : loved it.
gaganxwaduhek 69 : best trials game!!!!!! keep making this type of games
tristan mots : i acsidentely desinstalled the game and i lost all my progres.please make it possible to save the games save data.
alvin wilson : love it and that's all
dezdified : it's so cool
fernando rivera : beast game... must have
prem vinod : i loved it...awesome production by ubisoft team...well done guys...
marc nacianceno : sorry! i can't give 6 stars!!! love this game!!!
tanmay.k : it isn't responding please help!!!! quickly.
josh knutson : very addicting and fun game!
adam vaughan : it's awesome and free
ionut busan : thank you for fixing thw bugs from the last update.
randy gamez : awesome game i love it!!!!
don trefethen : lots of challenges! fun!
tom henstock : very good game and long:-)
tavareon r : i love this game its the best
ruben o : not much i can say without being basis, just try it for yourself and find out.
jeff : love it. 'nuff said.
steve james : one of the best games on mobile ever.thanks :-):-)deserves6 stars
hazard gamer : it's fun
rina gomez : awesome game thanks again.
bishwajit reang : good game..great graphice..
owais mandahawi : aesome game awesomely amazing!!!!!!!
sheik hussain : awesome game....graphics are very interactive to play....
cecelia hall : best game ever made on mobile phone
daniel c g : wonderfully done!
talena stegman : it is will funo:-)
ashton williams : awesome game love it!!!!!!!!!
jahja uoetomo : this is it!!!
fortnite beast eliminator : haha what's it like (cause i don't have it)?
bronson sellerso : addicting and very fun and challenging
cake dog : i like the graphics
terrell leath : it cool bikes
cody ward : it is so fun
richard james : i love the multiplayer
bransley khongsdier : love the game superp
daniel pillay : this game is awesome
vimal baraiya : great graphics
mohammad raju sheikh : really nice game
travis dunagan : fun and addictive
andri tanjung : cool and great game
jt jennings : fun addicting game
heather dearborn : it is a great game
msp msp : this is awsome
this life is awsome : great everything
octavian andrei : i love this game
dre : love it on my phone
muhd hazif29 : offline games
prasanna kumar : awsm game ever,
torald ring : put controls in middle
noah hawkins : this game rocks
melvin fruelda : hard to earn coins
jesse alvarado : great game
isaiah woods : it is amosome
clara bahtera : cool
gradea undera : great game
maxiv : great game
conejo 18 : it is great
raja pradeep : great game
talmadge west : it is the best
deli ysl : loved it
brandon lam : addictive
syafiq suhaini : cool
jose galicia : cool
sundara vadivelu r : online game...
apple pie : i can't play tracks like lumber yard and pipe basin (i don't know if there's any other ones). whenever i tried to play them, it will show a black screen and then quits the game by itself. i didn't even get to see the loading sign. i can't proceed with the game anymore. please fix it.
kerry & jessica powell : awesome graphics with ease controls and upgrade is easily available with proper mission completions.... and even without buying anything you still are able to have the necessary materials to level up.... would recommend it for any age..... very satisfied thanks ea..... for another great game
todd wenzel : easy controls and fun gameplay. all that you do for controls are, there are 2 parts, the left side it has the tilting, on the right, it has the brake and go. on the right arrow go, and brake, left arrow. hope this was helpful! get this game period. and it doesn't have a blank screen for me so maybe it's for some people but i don't know. funny crashes too! i think it's under priced but i like offline free fun games! it has a great story to it and you like can customize your bike and stuff, it's a real must have.
cory g : i've played all the trials games, and this one rocks. if you have a phone or tablet, you should have this game. minor issue with the last upgrade, but deleting app data and logging back in to uplay seems to have fixed it.
rj macmurphy : the game updated today (11/25) and now it crashes within a few seconds of starting up. i play every day and have too much invested just to reinstall. is this happening with other players? is there a way to reinstall and keep my progress? please give feedback. thank you.
fresh gameplays : this game here has showed us that the simplest form of gameplay can be addicting, challenging, and with a side note of fun.
syed moosa hassan : i play it while doing #2, a great time pass. awesome game and story, keeps me busy
kameron0456 : loved the game but i wish there wasn't fuel. so you could play without stopping.
vik durve : it's great game with descent storyline. great graphics and visuals. nice background music score. adventures. always better than swapping candy here and there. needs to connect to internet for some downloads. go for it.
chris meyer : this is a very fun and addicting game. mission style. the best bike racing game i have played in its class ever. no issues great graphics. awesome job on this game. please keep the levels coming.
karan rai : one of the best bike stunt games on the play store. wish the bike updates were a little achievable, and not tempting you to pay online. highly addictive with great graphics. download and enjoy.
keyur bhesania : another best game played by ubisoft after rayman adventures. i've played several bike stunt games before but i found this awesome. just bike moving controls are little hard
mitchal whiting : great game! only complaint is sometimes after a race i can't spin the prize wheel and have to press the back button and skip the prize wheel.
martini berry : must play
steve way : golllly send us back to the stone age... no prob at all, i could do with a new phone, using a sony experia m2.
teresa lewis : i'm only putting 4 stars as me and my partner have both downloaded this game and we have both tried to connect via facebook and uplay,if you can help me in anyway i would be greatful as i dnt want to delete this game and i really don't want to thank you teresa.
nehal patel : favorite game for time pass, still many little issues need to be fixed. remove some advertising.
m. naeem yousaf : but upgrades are very expensive to buy plus fuel also goes empty in no time
vincent cooper : cant play because new update wont download stops at 3 percent
jojo benavente : let's you build up to being good and storyline is simple
paul nangauta : good time killer. plus it's nice to have a story. all the goodness of a trials game
shashank mutgi : woohooo! this game gives you more thrills than any other. cool cartoony graphics and wacky sounds just enhance the gameplay.
lando _162 : game hay good and simple grapics and has cool characters. game also has some cool maps.
dylan thrasher : it takes skill to do flips precise enough to land perfect
david skinner : awesome game plz can you add that u can skip missions for gems something like that plz you the best.
kaustuv shrestha : i like this game just like clash of clans game i like it's looks
damanpreet singh : overall this game is brilliant in all departments. loved it. not even a single problem now. thanks for this wonderful game.
matthew lawton : if you like your bmx games chock full of fun and fantasy you are in for a most pleasant surprise... the unique story, addictive gameplay and avant-garde graphics and audio are the finest i have seen and heard among browser-based. you could compare the "feel" of this game, with that of the "wild west" evident in the many characters and music that are so cleverly etched in code and are a vital and visual part of this game. you will encounter them in between trials and they will... i don't want to spoil it.
sebastian tejada : everything?the game is awesome tho 5 stars if question answered keep up the good work
hassan ihtasham : not sure for anything else but sure kills boredom (y)
cameron bradna : great game especially if wifi is unavailable.
a google user : i just love this game on my ipad.. looks like i have been like a bad cowboy.. keep up the good work...
abood alsrogy : the game in general is simply amazing , amazing story , amazing character s , amazing bikes , amazing riders.
lorna young : was good but can't even get on the game after update
sarel-blanco kleyn : very good game love it just sucks that the fuel gets empty fast and need more jems
daanish mistry : this game has been my all time best game all the bikes till donkey i loved this game
adam warren : i beat this whole game know i'm playing again
hema sridharan : i want to race my personal best ghost all the time i don't race any other ghost..
ken chamberlin : i see no problem with this game. i love it!
ars : while upgrading the bike the game freezes alot
kris nuryati : this game is too cool but the game desibner has to put in some other rides lkke horses or carss lol just fot fun
a google user : i seriously love this game very much i enjoyed it a lot
phillip crocker : i was waiting for a trials game forever to come to mobile
krushabh nandeshwar : nice graphics nd gameplay ubisoft hatsoff
emeri barnes : this game is so fun i would definitly recommend it
joel sorzon : looking forward to an update just now
zbinx7 : the 3d is amazing and it feels so natural
caz hope : have your number one priority boarding school and the other day and night and i am a beautiful person
k m : i absolutely love trials and this game does a great job of bringing the experience to mobile
amy evans : i absolutely love this game. so,much fun to play
dinesh sutaria : its the best bike game i have ever played
amber bernicky : it is like a game that i played before and the graphics are pretty good
a google user : apart from that outrageous goal you set for the pumpkin queen. but that's over now :d)).
musharaf salam : have a one last ride baby!
renee davis : its the game i play most on my phone
a google user : hey thanx 4 responding, that's worth 5 stars
benedict lavina : what are u waiting for.download it now.best game
sutaye : addictive class game
khateeb rahman : bike game lover. this is it!
kanav mahajan : one of my favorite cell phone games!
jack morley : such a good mobile experience. smooth easy to play and good interface
kevin sizemore : runs smoothly, but has freemium features
dennis allan de tablan : its nice to play!
stephen john sendo : i love the graphics in this game.
scotty barger : awesum game love tha custom on screen controls
peter cotey : great game besides the fact u have to be online for most of the things over all great time killer while on standby
shibabrata majumdar. : this is an amazing game. so much addictive and real fun to play. only few free games are like this....
bill willi : my new favorite game!
nikita povelkin : absolutely loving this game. nice graphics, physics, nice gameplay, story,... absolutely stunning!
robert cox : great fun and we'll made game
m. insan r : this game is awsome... i like it so much. great thanks for ubisoft.
darth maul : really do love it. huge fun
robodad500 : it reminds me of the trials games on console
ammar khan : great bikes and great place awsome
karlis prieditis : my kid is 3 and he loves it
optic h2o : worth you're time and space.
lj lanave : good game there's nothing wrong with it
hannah walshaw : trials is the best game ever.
atta sirhandi : as expected from ubi soft
sabah munazza : it happened and now it is just awesome
aidan holder : i love the way the bike rides and
julio martinez : it's has great graphics for my s3 and is a game to pass time :)
gareth williams : this game is a a++++++ its a must
chaitali sarkar : a stunt game of bike.
jake langstone : i really like this game
michal joncas : love it. smooth addictive pay
steven piche : awesome game and nice graphics.
damon whitaker : i love how competitive it is.
anand chandrashekar : best thing ive played on mobile...
aditya tiwari : nice game...thanx for fixing my problem
isaiah dowland : the game's great and all but the handling on my bike sucks.
matt frizell : so much fun too play nice !!!
raylin reynoso-santos : its so awesome
ngbede ogah : the online challenges are amazing...... **nice graphic tooo***
mak : gud game till now
ryusenpai : not bad...but yet to upgrade...its to expensive...
argel dimayuga : i love this game!
akshay saxena : simply great
dance it : addictive as hell!!
ed eshmont : legen...wait for the cow to give us....dary
al mirul : nice gameplay, cool graphic, awesome!!!! recommended game!!
matthew horne : this game is so fun:-)
dreamswrld : it is great
ethan rose : awesome when you're connected
robinson bire : very interesting game.... i like this game
uday kiran : good game, hats off ubisoft....
isaias lira : awsome!!!!
antony reni : nice game loved it...
gmx adventure : trail adventure gamers
stewart duncan : way too addictive haha
connor sexton : simply a great game
christopher nunez25 : to much fun
zeb peters : i love the game
lucas pilarczyk : this game is awsome
natesans antiqarts : this game is awesome
antonio sapp jr : love it it is so awesome and it does not lag
robby satya : good graphics
rob schef : best game in the market
john lucaci : pretty good
jithu sygal : great game from ubisoft
steve shaw : it is amazing and cool
david islas segovia : totally awesome
jagtar singh : i love this game
davien dillon : money
jacob dick : really fun
genraltdog g : great game
devin smith : cool
masplup 1 : cool
raul h : addictive
the alph : i used to love those motorbike games but they lacked immersion and a reason to keep playing so i'd put them down. ubisoft rectifies that problem in a very enjoyable but simple fashion. i'm playing for one day so far its great.
cmdm plays : i love the trials series. i'm not a motorcycle rider or a fan of any motorcycle sport,but after playing trials fusion i was definitely a fan of this crazy series. i have gone back and played all the games in the series on xbox 360 and i cant get enough of it. i've easily put in over 100s of hours on console and even though i'm not a phone gamer....this is still wonderful and easy to control. 5 stars all the way. ubisoft just needs to port this to console now so i can use my tv and xb1/ps4 lol....but for now...the touch screen is gettting it done.
scottyboxx : can't even get past the third level. after it asks me to sign in the game freezes on a black screen before i even get to the next level. would like to play game more but it will not let me. will fix rating if after it changes......update..bug fixed awesome game!!
lerch lurk : its saying i'm connected then says it's connecting no scores are appearing ads are showing i'm using a zte zmax. also would like to know if my score and data will carry over when i upgrade my phone
chris acreman : great game very fun to play when i have free time it is extremely addictive. just never enough gas haha.
murilo queiroz : i've played all games in this series, and i was a little disappointed by the latest game for consoles, trials fusion. frontier is a lot better! the only problem is the lack of native support for nvidia shield controller.
david lando : a great game. but the latest update just ruined it as now it crashes continuously without even letting me start the game. what a shame
jamie bostron : everyone loves trials and for f2p this is pretty decent. only the standard troublesome purchase requests to dodge. worth some of your game time.
jonathan gregory : i love this game! i have never been what one might call a "casual gamer" but this game got me hooked. lots to unlock,upgrade and collect. great physics and cool tracks make replaying levels fun.
florea daniel : when i put the game on my memory card, it only lets 9 mb of the game data on my device. other games only let a small amout of the data on my card
soudagar khan : very nyc game..i don't play games everytime.because i bored very quickly from games after a while. .but this game have never bore me..
martin bentley : very good and addictive game. though i have had to uninstal and reinstall it a few time due to not working correctly. you can also play it without emptying your pockets.
sam scheltema : i love this game. the physics are great and really gives you a challenge. the learning curve is steep but once you get the hang of it, you progress at a rate that gives you satisfaction. also, the game is very very long so you dont get bored. a+ guys
erick horsley : since the new update it won't open and keeps force closing. but i know it will be fixed so i'll wait
el guapo : this game is pretty awesome. some things are annoying, but overall fun game. fuel runs out too quickly though.
heroghosting : i absolutely love this game not only because of the controls but the graphics are amazing.
nik bobev : fuel costs are a bit ridiculous given the small size of the tank...it will be nice if costs were lowered a bit or if a practice mode was added so you can train without paying with fuel
andrius maslauskas : great game mayne, and the phone doesn't heat up if you play for 30+min
matt o : occasional lags and issues, but great game play, challenging (but not impossible) to advance without spending $$. each new update brings new life to the game.
min lungelow : the game runs well and has the same fun gameplay as the pc titles. i haven't gotten far enough into it to see how the freemium model is though.
deezy junior : i rly liked it...u gt latest contnt tht u mus download bt thts cool wit me
andy greer : my only problem is that when he leans forward, you have to tap back or he stays forward.
mj buizon : nice , but have a problem ,it download content have along loading to play ,it please fix it
gabriel : but it may need some better graphics in the charcters and (im just starting the game) its pretty difgicult to get gems.
aleksa nikolic : exelent game, but since last update, the game crashes, and some images ingame wont load. also, world map is fixed and i can't access all events. exept this, the game is for every recommendation. fix it asap pls
mayur patel : superb amezing game. but there is a problem with the uplay login in tlhe game i request u should help me so i connect with the following game
noobtube155 : it can lag but i uninstalled it then got it again. that help a little.
kc shrum : play for hours and never get bored. it's a great time waster.
nagy adam : great game 5stars but after this new update the game crashes constantly
jackie mc kenna : the courses and events that challenge your mind are amazing.. pushed beyond regular thoughts or limits..
thariq thassim : great game , i would recommend this game to all my friends. works smoothly without any lag, worth giving 5 stars.
jinold george : really enjoying, but please let us decide whether or not to update the game... because once a new version is available the game won't be continued until the updated version is installed...
val vethody : the levels are good. coins are easily available. don't have to spend to enjoy this game. truly outstanding and addictive game.
gamezawy !! : just enjoying yet not quite easy need to get used to
kamal pandey : really so conventional theme brought by ubisoft in a good graphics nd story mode..
dalton w. ogden : really easy & fun game to play. if you like the trails games on xbox-live & playstation-3, you will surely enjoy this trials mobile game! "so, download this game right now." don't let it pass you bye, cause you might not ever have a mobile game that is so exciting, spectacular & awesome, like this one."
ryan omalley : not like other trial games, more of a story adventure trial game. very fun. second time downloading !
sean carmichael : i have completed offers for gems eg. downloaded games and apps but still no gems..owed a few hundred at this stage..can you please fix and sort out the gems i am owed :-) thank you..
shashank singh : best game for me ubisoft has done an amazing work by bringing out this game with good character and plot development...
heinz-kurtweill perez : i wish more boss battles to come not just butch! i wish there were themed bosses. so pls respond!
ralph mccombs : maybe if his head was flaming it would be awsome
jack blumengarten : i've got trials fusion on my pc and downloaded this to get step into the light suit. wasn't disappointed.
andrew bradshaw : love the pc game, good to see the mobile is just as fun too :) looks fantastic on nvidia shield tablet too :)
luke t : it's fun and addicting. i couldn't ask for more in a great game
datu ampatuan : takes too much time to get my old account back! whenever i wait for it my phone will shut down and everything! and whenever i open it again it will just load but not progessing.
markus schultz : excellent mobile port of the xbox games, events and currency that is actually feasibly obtainable keep it interesting, not just another pay to win. have been playing for years and it's still entertaining!
miroslav petrovic : good story, nice graphics, i got my 3rd bike so far and i love it.
shobhik das : 1 of the gr8est games ever cuz thug life!!
amanda bugeja : we all love this game ... from our younger son 5 yr old to us parents
catur : love it, love it, love it. cool graphics and vibration effects. love the gameplay too
akhilesh ramessur : i love this game but the only problem am getting is that when i play there are missions which dont open nor show to little bike doing a circle and then it gets out of the game i really need to access those missioms they are of upmost importance
sharon fernandes : this is a nice and easily gets opened for the people who are taking this game is very nice it doesn't hangs .superb
jack shillito : bad thing is i lost every thing eny way i rate 5stars
bob trol : when the spinning wheel comes on then it doesnt let me spin the wheel
sam peters : really good game.but my problem is lags and glitchs but they are very rare
pragathi achar : cool graphics! n also the designs. i'm loving the experience different from other biking games.
dominic berkley : if i want to watch an ad for money it dont work
mohamed mahmoud : what amazing game i cant stop playing it till i sleep ;)
pavel k. : love it! please fix the glitch where the prople are invisible!!
nigel dellow : love even as it gets harder the theres still more .i really like when a new event is on gives you more.
erin murphy : i loved this game it's got really good graphics and it loads quickly. best game of the year. it's addictive!!!!
austyn ridgeway : it's fun to play when your bored. great game.
harry kettlewell : its the best game i've seen i a long time
xavier gomez : have all games on 360 and the one. so why not add to the collection. great job developers!
eric parreno : i watched this before hand on youtube and thought it would be cool. well guess what. it rocks!
max ugi : amazing game! very interesting, with free upgrades for my bike.
vishal krishna d : loved the game! the graphics the physics ..its really good. nice work ubisoft!
shashwat paul : great game. i love it. nice fun graphics with good game play.
ominous onion : ubisoft rocks in all platforms (thumbs up)
daniel guilmette : amazing, fun, awesome, these are just some of the words that describe this game
mitchell, jr. pippin : graphics is awesome. a bit hard to play but it's really fun.
a google user : it's really fun nd u don't even need wifi
a google user : this is an amazing game. and i love it. great graphics.
parama hamsa gottipati : i really love the game.but tilting is some weird
angel m : i liked the game.there is nothing wrong with it.the graphics are good enough.
david todd : finally this game works properly been playing for years and i still love it always new stuff to collect or challenges to overcome
patrick jubb : all i want in any game. good fun too
hanumantha rao : really nice game we can play without internet and the legendary bike is awesome
pranay verma : damn m lovin it even more than d happy meal
ian firth : prize wheel is not working. can't spin after smashing pumpkins, and racing for medals.
giovanni burris : this is beautiful, u know eye mean it wen i say it
mahmudul haque : it is really a good game. the graphics are too good. the best bike racing game.
rasal rock : awsome baby its good game ,thank ubisoft team
gotto eneru : can't even how to describe it
aditya prawira nugroho : played this game for years, i never stop playing
carter : it's fun upgrades cost to much other than that i like it
jerell joseph : best i've played in years
race preece : i loved it so much that i bought the others on the xbox and that's all that i usually play
jake poile : had too many of the characteristics of a mobile game; lacking settings, pay 2 win, cooldowns... also needs multiplayer like the console/pc versions!!!
pragya bothra : don't download it
o thanh luan : the game is funny for time-killing
naga nin : for the first time, a good trials-like, why did it have to be ubisoft and their horrible uplay...
hyiopy : its just like trails of fusion but portable
herith kun : this game is the best but i hate bucth
tomass semevics : alright! great game, loved it :)), got my account now, after few days,
logged in and got into my account! thank you very much! the game is
awesome, plenty of fun things to do in it!! :)))
unbox warrior : if u love racing games this is the game for u!
matt gee : man i love this game so much ..so fun and addicting .. can't wait to play it on the ps4
appa2882 : love this game never had any problems with it ever it doesnt lag or glitch challenging but fun great story line
robert beston : hopefully i'll be better at it this time and not rage delete it.
kimberly nichols : this game is the best. i'v been waiting for a game like this.
devinc canty : been play trials since trials hd and the app trials is just as fun
steve dabomb : one of the best games for tablet i love ubisoft and i love this game besttttttttt
kristian bulos : time wasting game keep it up :)
m adeel ahsan : really addictive game
lord ming : really love this game wish there was more like it
crunshii katsuma : top notch game just wish fuel was more plentiful
baker's gang : the game is really fun to pass the time and addicting as hell, 2 thumbs up
erotema : really enjoy the rpg elements and typical trials gameplay
sonu kumar : it is sooo good i m happy from this game
cassidy madu : this is the best graphics ever best game i ever tried
raji sreedeep : awesome the game is the best stunt bike game i ever played
a google user : it won't let me upgrade my bike because it says i don't have internet connection. but guess what.... i do. i've tried downloading the games again but it didn't work. i've been having this problem forever!
isaac mieras : this is the best game ever! i love this game 100%
emrald slayer5110 : very funny game but i admit it is very fun as well
shaaalala lakalaka : hey guys this is a superb game with super graphics and realistic physics all should love it
garry mellon : great fun, top work great down load ,
a google user : exelent game. better than the xbox 360 version.
daniel hernandez : a simple but addictive game i would recommend
zain ali : cool game works without wifi
pawel zawisza : cant stop playing, please help.
mansurul islam : this game is fantastic.. loving it
mark christiansen : very addicting. great game!
solo da' donn : its addictive and the graphics and game play are on point.
gabriel santanna : it's the perfect mix of racing and comedy!
rhys beynon : a ubisoft game for mobile that isn't rayman! i'm sold.
eugenio melendez : really entretaining and challenging, love the physics of the game
aw ofthebox : always have fun with this game ..
peter dyson : had it for 2 hours and completed it how good is this easy game look at my videos on youtube my name is the amazing acrobatic
gary lombardi : developer put good work into this.
delcorune : this game is crazy freaking awesome
snowel fernandes : nice .. works well wz the nexus
angga imagee : nice pic and graphics!
zymir allen : i love the game it goes great with my
m.anthony barrett : love the update awesome addictive game play
archana pathik : it is a game like adventure you know
ralston mingledorff : definitely try if u like trials on console
sebastian marc : great graphics, cool story!
dr_eden86 : good graphic, nice animation, easy to play and can't get bored with.. must have it!!
knight shade : this game is perfect! good job
mahwesh shaikh : i like the game now i will not delete this game.
patrick richter : uninstalled and reinstalled and got through first part of game and went to uplay, profile loaded!! back to where i was!!! yaaaayyyy!!!
gayan de silva : its very funny game and this game most enjoyable game..i love it...
arif asyraf : complete with story line...i like it
jason o'connor : just as good as the console version :d
auro bhattacharya : it is a really fun game.
joe sprague : im a major trials head junkie although though nothing will ever beat trials evolution in my opinion trials frontier comes pretty close for its the best thing on mobil devices righr now if you have alot of down time this games for you fun exciting competitive and all around a great experince for gamers check it out download it you wont be disapionted i promise 5 stars all the way
isi solomon : awesome game. little to criticise
excalibur stevens : played it long ago and again playing love the game
zachary chamberlain macphee : this game is awesome!
abhi sampat : it is amazing game and too hard that i like
i kadek hendra lesmana : fun & challenging, playable without purchases.
john bain : top it off please
kosta paloli : the best halloween game ever
xxvenomgatorxx : : better than any trials games
rehmend mhamad : nice game you must be play
outdoor and arts : worth the download.
aadil sidik : it's very good. i reccomend it to anyone. you won't regret it.
neverstopz : im enjoying it. no complaints.
mohammed bilal ahmed : awesome bro i it
chandrasekhara raju : seasonally updates to make play interesting. ..
dj gaming ps4 : thanks it works now thank you
anand pagnis : it's just awesome must download
andres pena : racing and comedy gold!
die lit : first impressions are that this is a cool game.
loki lokesh directions loki company : ubisoft games is best ever
hey! cameron : i played this alot on my freetime
sergio rodriguez : this game plays well
redge joseph : way better than trials fusion
rafal pudlo : really like it thx for this game
ash stevens : ubisoft never fails to impress
noman sheikh 33 : i am fan of ubisoft
thusi thusideng : dis game is the best and very addictive
santhiram rs : this is the awesome game i ever seen
charles earl : almost as fun a the one on ps4
tucker petty : i love this game
ruhan coetzee : this game is my angel
joni : definitely loved it
redmond m : i love it.....a solid well made game! keep up the great work!
kef ee : so addicting that my wife is complaining!
harish manuja : i like this game vary much.
dennis dreo : no longer works after the recent update.stuck on downloading content. ---------previous comment--------- great graphics, runs smooth. so fun.
juhanairo dira kurazu : no problem wit me. 5 star
vuk vukosavljevic : trials all the way
akilesh reddy : great effects than other bike games
viking gaming : really awesome game...love everything about it ,the graphics, the gameply...also love how you meet new caracters...just updated this game cant wait to try new content!!! thanx 4 the awesome game guys keep making new stuff...peace
phil c : everything you know & love from the original...now on the go!
christopher alfante : great game!!! i've always been surprised to what's ahead...
jimmy eli : thanks for a great innovation...
marcus richie : great controls and physics!!! i can't stop playing!!! best!!
brodie morrow : when i get 150 pumkins and i press the button to except it and it flashs and rips me off can you please fix this i really wanna collect the pumkin king outfit asap
muhammad athar : ultimate graphicss.................the game deserves the 5 staar ratingg.......... ..loving this game
nikola babic : great value for your money:)
lord son carl palmero : cool
kaytlen siniff : it's easier
rishi kesh : i luv tis appppp,...!!! it's a diffrnt bike race
motasem khoja : nice game, really nice
shikha sharma : truly a great game.
sid shome : nothing other than a masterpiece!!!! epic man! hats off (^_^)
tiffany dipini : but i beat buch once his easy
dave taylor : brilliant! a must play
thebeast-dfa : really cool game don't change anything!!
alanna steane : fan-bloody-tastic
fahad nazar : addicted to it.
cendy wibowo : this game is awesome!
. : great game
jeremy meyers : all right then...
arun prasath : graphic & design super ...well done developers :-)
j renz : i spend enough real money on this game i don't want to see ads
ferdelance gaming : awesome gameplay.....
roberto agnabo boceron jr. : i love the graphics!
dipanshu khattar dk : awesome game ...... love it
rajat ghai : loved it!!!
sahil kundu : great game! loving it!!
matthew : good game keep up for another game
nitin wankhade : it's nice
mike kuczynski : love this game!
marie blair : love the game guys
faisal niazi : awsome game
nuno viegas : this is mobile done right
mohd sameer : it is a very nice
jony the play boy : game is very nice
pam schmidt : kind of fun and different
jagjit kedare : this game is just awesome
pratibha dixit : this game is very graphical
bel lili : the best game ever
ignacio todisco : really fun game
johnathan deleon : soooooo funnnn to play
shahnewaj shaun : after update uplay account didn't work............!!!!!?????
luke nax5 : great game enjoying and addicting
raymond vega : it's cool
ankit gupta : exciting!!
george tallman : i had to uninstall and reinstall and now it works. logged into uplay and loaded my game. glad i didn't have to start over.
evic djanu : great game
eugene harkness : great game
alex de silva : great game
suneel sharma : i love this game
shamsul alam : thank you
turf nation : one of the elite games for android
pravin soni : very nice game
alex stan : mobile trials, that is.
master klown : ver y addicting
gilbert sioco : very challeging game
nathaniel alvarez : this game is epic
popy pash : great game
biggy small : fun and addicting
giridhar prasad : nice graphics
lucas waltenberg : cool
stephen hillard : lots of fun
vito vitorio : game is cool
ariel adobas : yeahh love it
leyyang lim : great game
noble kidd : coolycooly
leanne : awsome game
vinod madhavan : cool
antonio smoljanec : addictive
sammy lawrence : loving it
captainfuzzy : cool
ari kartanto : yeayeayea
berg : that title is not an exaggeration, for i haven't found any mobile game which could outperform frontier. i installed this game having pretty high expectations after years of trials evolution, which i reckon was the absolute best redlynx could muster with their ip. boy, was i wrong. the cartographer's missions, the endless grinding to progress the storyline and the elusive berserker which i still haven't unlocked yet. complete with regularly added content and a fantastic multiplayer makes this the best app.
dan poulsen : i haven't encountered any game breaking bugs as others have written about. the game runs smoothly and it's quite fun. just hit level 10, and the showdowns unlocked now are really fun. the controls are well done once you get used to them, and the tracks are fun to play - it's often a completely different experience when you revisit the same track with a different bike. occasionally the game won't start up again after being minimised for a while, but just killing the app and opening it again fixes that.
will rowe : there are many bugs but ubisoft updates quickly to deal with these problems. also, my data just disappeared. i got really fed up but the sever info caught the problem and my l40 game is now back. i might just be lucky.
dino marvin kusnanto : i don't even remember since when i started to play this game, and then become addicted. i'm addicted to finish the missions, addicted to every new season, addicted to the story line, addicted to build new bike. and never feel bored to the game play. great job for the developers.
vaas laz : how did they even manage to make this game it's really good i am really happy of this game it's really good i can't stop telling it's really goooooooood download this game it's really good whoever hates it stop it because it's really good
ekaphob preechasilp : when i was young. i've really love the exits bike. and now you bring it back in awesome thanks for your great job!
jesse stewart : just installed fresh; not experiencing any issues so far, as mentioned by others. best game of its kind.
celia stevens : i'm really glad that there letting you spin for the winter season levels but in the new season you couldn't get everything without having hundreds of gems
blazeboy groover : i feel addictive to this game. i love the fact that even if you won't pay you can still play, although you must wait for gas to fill up. love the graphics.
ryan mutch : once your hooked your addicted. nuf said.
colm laverty : great game, and unlike many other games nowadays, you can progress reasonably quickly without having to fork out for in app purchases.
jasper godin : just like trials on the computer, fun yet challenging and a good story.
smeep. : this game is the best gave i've ever played but i had a suggestion that there should be any option to buy golden tickets with gems
bubac mladenac : very cool game missions are very excited i and gravity is perfect.it's my favorite game one month and game of the year 4 me. very good job... congratulations
tanqueentanya : don't listen to everyone else it's brilliant with the new update halloween costumes and christmas
guilherme chimello : even though the gas mechanics are a pain and the prize wheel can be annoying, it's still a great game.
richard brauch : works great on my 2012 nexus 7, smooth and controllable. also works nicely on moto e.
frank grotier : i've played this before on the ipad, so i was really pleased when i found out it works on my phone. i don't know what these negative reviews are talking about, works fine straight out of the box. maybe they are just haters that are no good at the trials game? :-)
jocelle rivera : i didn't experience lags at all. works flawlessly. beautiful graphics and easy game control. thanks for this app!
sweet 'n' sour : i am a big fan of trials, played since trials hd and i've always loved the series. keep up the good work, red lynx.
zacktheblack : the game is cool my apps always crash but this one is not
matt trotta : it reminds me of the old excite-a-bike for the original gameboy except it has beautiful color-rich graphics, a story, better gameplay, bike building...you get the picture.
kartik mangal : this game is simply amazing and has kept me occupied for so long now.... only downside occupies loads of space and has my phone lagging . just wish it occupies less space and it would be the best game for sure !!!
parrty420 : been playing it for well over a yr now, still addicted :)
kim : get lost in it till my hands ache.
austin george : very good game. took me by surprise!
azfer matin : even though i dont have the real game. ... this was more fun and also was like the real game. (:
the dog : been playing for three days an can not seem to put it down! worth a try for sure.
hasaan ch : really love this game...runs smoothly on my slow phone
benjamin tan : a very good game, good graphic, and fun. it requires high specs device to play smoothly, though. marvelous game indeed.
justin cowan : this game is awesome i love it. i wish you would bring assassin creed identity to the usa.
sadman ahmed sakib : map freezes after going to level 20... plz fix it
rajat : i cant describe this game in words ...this game is beyond words .....too addictive and one of the best game on android....thanks ubisoft..
leury s. : nice game very good playability and greate story but it will be awsome if the paints arnt that much money but great game
callum irons : i like to play trials fusion on my xbox so i downloaded this thinking it was just a bad game on the android store but it was so much better then i expected.
mohit bhojwani : loved it an addictive innovative and cool game thanks for such an upload loved it.!
moraleknight : the best game i could ever play and i love the graphics( ^^)
gencer guvenc : great time waster! much fun to flip around ;)
kenneth battles : i really like this game keeps me from being bored
omar essam : after i installed it and started to verify the files it crashed
pooja kishore : awesome but if you want to download the latest content do it in update
sam martin : love that ubisoft made this. real trials!
dillon adams : it's freaking perfect great way to pass some time!
glen gaul : great game lil hard at first back when get the hang of it a blask cant stop playing it
faith bumagat : it is amazing! love this game!
sheetal sharma : perfect game with all necessary details
saani ali : loved this game .. graphics are the best ! thanks
zach fasho : amazing game, probably my favorite game on the app store honestly.
tom buckley : i got all my things back good game but keeps crashing after this update
joshua jackass : the sound*** visuals***** design and creativity****,..wonderful game
rippandeep kaur : it's an awesome game. specially after the races. i loveeeeeeeeee it
zac franks : well i say, i say this here is a enter- i say entertaining game neow
logesh rajendran : i had been playing this for an year it's still interesting
a google user : one of the best racing games i've ever played!
darrian pool : very fun and cool game try it out you wouldn't be dissapointed.
jean beetge : what an awesome and fun game. were pleasantly surprizes when the storyline appeared.
happy giraffe : i like it and even like the story. i play it on my samsung galaxy s. it's a blast!
a google user : more fun than rounding up pidgeons
chris holtzman : either be really really patient or spend a lot of real money
mike allen : fun tilty bike game, graphics and story line keep it interesting
harry beech : great game if you have a spare couple of minutes every so often
shaun dobbs : trials is always the best physics game out there
harri dearden : i love it everyone should get it
arnab deb : and my small monkey brother just loved dis game
jushua relles : because it is so cool good graphics
sadaf syad saddie : had played in i pad but is same as good in android also
jack bigdick : i absolutely loved it and it is the best game i've played so far.
sidney sambath : the game is amazing and fun the perfect combination
nadine landi : cool start good story lots of replay value thank you
heera kumari : very physical game and more level of the other place just wanted you to do with the
scott borgard : great game with good story and upgrade opportunities!
hewarathna ashen iranga : it's super .please increase seasons time.
karan singh : good user interface,importantly interesting
jason bagent : dam i love trials wish there was no gas or was a full version u could buy
vara prakash i : i'm playing a really good game after long time
manu parmar : awesome i love this game i have seen review s all r telling stuck problem there mobile are not support
jerome e. : very entertaining, top graphics nice game as such.
oretha carver : you can make money real fast. pretty dope.
raja amer khan : smooth gameplay. good graphics. nice storyline.
azan zox : i love this game very much
a google user : such a marvellous game thanks from heart to the developer great time
doug burnley : what a fun ride and the kids love it to!!
kaushik mitra : best graphics and background... loving it
abdulla a a : this games very good but is not good control
rory robinson : super cool it's like a movie!
martin fakry : it's one of my favorite games
hrvoje cernjak : great. only sucks that you have to be online to upgrade bikes...
md. rahim talukder : i like this game. this is too much funny.
pritish raj : great graphips and nice story makes it a perfect game for my samsung e7
niceme romans : play it brother!
kunal dhenge : i think it has best graphics. gameplay is really addictive.
jeremy kronberg : now i can play trials on the go!
rajat rana : really great adventure
daniel rakes : its got a good story line to it as well.
parthin thakkar : awesome game! love the challenges.. kindly remove the google play ad of money control
bebo tarek : very goog app i love it from the first level
sajid sajaa : awesome game maaanh nice graphics and good gameplay
joe shepard : great way to just pick trials anywhere
chels : this game is really fun!
tapiwa maobvera : good game... challenging but very worth it
sujoy bodhak : love this game.
rey roman : love this game so much.
steven atwood : great game. no complaints here
vincent chicoine : best racing game ever!
naveen kumar : i like one thing the most we don't need money to unlock bikes.
pavan rishivardhan : it's works wifi always download this game
lee yungz : it is a user friendly game.... i love the graphics
wadey schoeman : love the idea, great physics
yohanes muaja : its fun and chalenging though.
yop : it's a lot of fun. just like the pc trials games :).
spencer sterling : love the game but this season i can only start one showdown without using coupons last season i could have three running concurrently
atmadeep dey : a good story and nice game
murli krishna : this is superb game
daniel etienne : super addictive lovely gameplay
khairaldyn ladiasan : tnx its the best racing game. tnx ubisoft
irineo jun adan : great job guys, hope this game will have more players!
dhenniga : great game
jay richards : cute as button. works on hand eye.
najmus shaid : just awesome. charge is right
carson henckel : this game is so swoog
srikanth s : from the music to the graphics and gameplay, wonderfully done
candice dejesus : i love this game one of the best
orlin sokolov : awesome game and very addictive
pradeep pradeep : very nice download it now
chongboi kipgen : nice but we need to update
tarun sharma : worth five stars
jose gutirriez : have hours of fun
janga adityareddy : cool reflexes!!! loved it
jmack mackenzie : i can play this game all day!!
ericlao : would rage again
tyler sandusky : great graphics, amazing physics, fun quests, and cool customization , what's not to love?
jovel baltazar : try this game you love it too
bitangsha ray : very addictive game.
william soto : greatest motorcycle game & it's free!!!
brendan sullivan : awesome game, really fun
gregor mcconkey : smashing game. top marks.
husain : and of course better and easier than trials fusion on the ps4
raymond nute : fun game, very addicting
jasmin clarke : am it's cool and asome
alicia : i said "yay"!... geez-o-cheez-o, my eyeballs hurt and i got blista's on me finga's, but thats alright cuz there's kids in other countries that don't have blista's on their finga's and they would love to, so i'm grateful for this game!!!
raj r : super physics luv the quality of this game....
ankit gautam : you guys are so awesome and ur games super awesome...loved it man...
jenna r : it is the best game ever
rohith reddy : amazing stunts,amazing levels,amazing graphics,amazing bikes..totally game is amazing....
alex crouter : wont let me sign into u play even though ive been using this app for a year or more
ricardo valladares : the best game. .
sufiyan khan : i main its awesome..
md khalid muhtasim khan : this is a very good game
zubxru : this is so cool!!!
amar pro tube : its really great game.
brian banks : loads of fun!
giovani cirilo : great!!! love this game
swastik acharya : go for it guys....worth playing!!!!
alfred francis : cant stop playing
alex : cool arts!
uday phadtare : superb game.... i just love playing it.
ogunlana olushola : cool game...great play
mayank vohra : cool game... i like it too much
seth gale : tons of fun!!!
horse joint : the game is just addictive
fontas zaf : very good and free to play
ohdin min : really enjoyed
rajiv mohanty : a very good game
northsmokeyjr _ : i love this game
lab 365 : really best
benjamin zapata : this game is awesome
shane ryan : the best game ever
vimal varghese : awesome!!! rocking!!!
nash condiff : its good fun
ethan hightower : this game is awesome
kyle syfrett : i love this game
sync fire : it's cool
abhay kumar : love this game...
michael kempshaw : sick game
nurin darwiesyah wani : isi a best in the games
adrian walters : fun and challenging
sara hall : this game is amazing
josh conrad : great game
sanowar ali : love this game
seemeagain? : awesome game by ubisoft
king daylen : step it up sonic
rainier magtoto : this is real game
gareth ball : loads of fun
tomas mcbride : great game
scott60174 wilson : pretty cool
fish 26571 : the best
ashish gokul : nice graphics
darren l : great game
toney guyton : top game
david wells : awesomeness on the go
rechie gerardo : love this game
proto boy : cool
sam taylor : it is awsome but as soon as i get to the loading page it says unfortunately this game has stoped
jenelle black : cool
syed shoaib 786786786 : syed shoaib
stevan mireles : wuv the game
cihan tenekeci : i can't find any option to load my previous save before uninstall. isn't there an option to log in with ubisoft account? edit: i need to play first game after prologue, then i found an option for uplay login
a google user : robot hell will exist, for evil robots to go to. no emp shielding (of any type or maneuver) is allowed in robot hell. good game, would rather have the real trials on my phone, but you still gotta feed yourselves somehow.
4dmike : if you liked the other trials games you will probably like this one too. while it does have some problems on occasion, all the problems are usually addressed in a very timely manner. great alternative to pc versions if you're on the go. does have micro transactions but they are not needed to play and unlock items and upgrades. premium currency can be earned in game and it's easier now than ever before. see you on the frontier rider.
kyle jameson : did you tap download? good. so now that's done you'll be pleased to know that you are currently downloading a quality game. very smooth and very responsive. i loved trials on pc, so it's good to see the ubisoft folks put the effort into a solid mobile installation of the trials series. the setting is great and the visuals are nice a crisp. the tracks are challenging, and the learning curve is apt. the multiplayer system is brilliant. even with no wifi, the the data usage is minimal. 10/10 would crash again.
mike chapman : graphics are better than 99% of what you typically see and game play is exceptional! i was surprised how fun and addicting this is! in app purchases are not necessary! i'm in the top 5% in the world stats, so i know what i'm talking about. you can advance on skill alone, anyone who says otherwise obviously has no skill. highly recommended!!
david collins : this game is great. very fun and challenging but keeps you coming back for more. i also really enjoy this game because it is similar to bike barron on the iphone. but over all 5 out of 5 stars. if you havnt downloaded this game you should really hit that "install button"!
jim law : great game love it. 1 problem the outfits havent unlocked after i complete the challenges really annoying
clark panganiban : thought it was the same bike racing game but it's not, good graphics, good physics, everything's good but i think it would be great if we can customize the rider as well.
logan bennett : loved this little game until yesterday and it started lagging severely on map page, leaving me without ability to access any missions. have been unable to resolve via reinstall and shut down phone. deleted app
fivik one : awesome . it surprises your from the start and keeps you going. the upgrades only get better .. after you get over the fact that its a cowboy western theme about motorcycles. it really grips you.
tim olson : trials is one of my favorite games of all time, this mobile version is almost flawless, the one con is that my battery can't keep up with me playing it all day! thanks milli vanilli, you've changed my life.
carlos ledesma : good game, and is quick fun. maybe not a time engrossing epic game, but a great quick cellphone game, with no real pressure to purchase anything.
fernando martinez : its awesome. a bunch of cool stuff to do. big trials fan. easy to get coins. i play it all day long, well untill fuel runs out.
greg holland : lost all progress when changing to new phone even though i had backed everything up have a ubisoft account. good game but this is the second time. done with it now
abhinav pradhan : installed successfully.. but it got stuck at 8% on "verifying download". please do something about it. so i tried updating it but it cant connect to the server anymore even though my network is working fine. edit: all fixed. thank you.
vytautas mickevicius : a very fun game that is not filled with a load of ads. happy to see such a simple, yet addictive game. reminds me of wap biking games, but improved with lovely animations and rpg features. hope to see more briliant projects from you
axel apsassin : i'm still early in the game so i hope she's still out there. i love trials, keep doing what your doing!
s. cory watkins : not as good as the console ver. but better then most other similar games
adam meszaros : when slot machine gives me new tracks i can't ride them because they don't show up
milos vasic : this game is awesome and runs perfectly on my phone but...i had a problem with a mission that restarted my progress(i sent you guys a bug report and i hope you fix it)...anyways im off to play it from begining :/
kevin olson : great game, very addicting. be careful if ya switch phones make sure you are connected with uplay
ryal mcfarlane : i paid 9.99 for a special offer the butch suit and 500 gems with 400,000 gold and i paid for it and i didn't get any of it please respond because i do really like this game here is the date order date:jul 29, 2015 6:39:06 pm cdt i have the order number of you want it
paul smith : awesome physics motorcycle game. free to play as long as you take breaks between play. pay for convenience perks.
linkomega : great game, just started, but i love it already. i have had no problems or anything. i found out about this game from the broken podcast on soundcloud.
frances jeanne viray : my game started back from scratch and so i seek assistance on retrieving it. the support team gave me instructions on how to recover the game and now i continue to play my game.
jack rickerby : it might take like over a year but if it is possible, before you ride on the cave, add an option for being on butch's side and the whole storyline changes.
jay hud : great game most games like this suffer in the graphics dept but this one looks awesome plus it has a funny story line i can't put it down great pass timer
edward hartman : what game doesn't have bugs well i do like it and have been playing for a long time
paul rossouw : yes it may be difficult but the rewards when completing a nearly impossible task are well worth the ride.
brandon stanton : yes it can be difficult but seriously don't give up. it wouldn't be a good game if it was easy. grow up kids. trials frontier crew keep coming up with more content. thanks again.
kayden johnson : it is free i don't know what you're talking about its a great game you should get it
jaret dolan : all the trials games are great and now they have come to mobile. game is very fun and runs great on my galaxy s6
clayton sartain : very addicting game with no hangups or crap to deal with. and i can access the progress on multiple devices.
james kilminster : great fun phone game
kj bubby : game is flawless & extremely fun racing others for chips & rewards. everyday playability with the showdown feature. keep up the good work guys :)
redd seevers : very immersive story, great flips, great mechanics. fun races and mission impossible add on for free is very exciting!!!! great game can't wait for the next series!
anthony phillips : ive been playing it for a couple hours now and im already addicted
christoval florian : i lost all my data but now i am connected to uplay so i won't lose my data
mike cole : great game. good to waste a few minutes here and there.
dina mullen : it is like trile extreme trile 4 but beter the funny part is the part with the mission in possible... dun dun dundundun
noah mcginty : awesome game, great graphics and challenging levels i highly reccomend this game i'm addicted.
shakiru ogunbiyi : longest standing game for me, and first one i install on a new device. loving the mission impossible update, be interesting to see how the game further develops in the future!
roman peregudov : i play this s game everything day i can't let the missions sit there without being completed
james nikolai : good game. plays well. wish it had a jump button, but still fun as hell
mud man : this is a great game to pass time and is a fun multiplayer game. although i wish ubisoft would add easier ways to get diamonds
lil darwin brooks : i love the game play but i wish that the wheel magic well help out but still good
william bullon : so many bikes awesome end he dies rate 100 stars awesome mission inposible
shalin bhatt : best bike hill climb type game wd ultra nice grafix..
joel k : every time i play this game i fart. i like cheese.
rod ney : best game i've played in awhile.worth every moment.download this game you be very happy that u did
ayden weaver : mission impossible is hard and waay to many parts
alison gumabay : this game?... just awesome! i dont know how long i had this but surely im gonna keep on playing... this game just burst through my expectations!
kyle b : no ad pop-ups, doesn't freeze up my phone and it doesn't use as much storage as any other game app does. love it.
dylan cochrane : i started playing and i really started to love it, the physics are great and it runs just fine
sasha blue100 : it is fun and cool to play with there is alot things to do it is an awsome game
john schuff : overall a fun game for 5 to 15 minute plays.
fayyad mohammed : love it and it's perfect difficulty.
julie hayes : but it won't let my watch videos for free fuel and i want that fixed
tavian nelson : love the different bikes and challenges recommended for every one
kris meador : way better than the stick man side scrolling stunt bike games! way to go ubisoft!
anthony bujak : it's actually a fun game. i did spend .99 and having a blast.
daniel mccammon : i wish this was motion controlled, but still a great game.
lenny pareishvili : it feels good so far after playing for half an hour. so addictive,yahoo!
dustin parker : awesome awesome awesome i'm at level 35 but now the game says unable to connect for the robot and the bunker please fix soon this happened at last update i hoped giving it time would help but not so much this time
robert lebendig : very entertaining... and i am one picky s. o. b.
drew stewart : a full game. glad to pay a little for certain rewards. support this game!
brad carmichael : what an awesome game, like really really awesome. thank you for this, loving it!
jonas moldester : it's great time consuming and it brings out your competitiveness!
andrew hansen : hadn't played in awhile and started again and just as fun second time around
pojat boys : cool game stop complaining and buy this app
tylor byrum : love all the trials games and now its on mobile too! woop woop!
ryan johnson : love this game! lots of fun and a great time waster!
rakeem jones : i absolutely love the game. it's simple and addicting and fun.
elijah h. : i love it. great way to relax every once in awhile.
ally hibner : it takes my mind of things
clinton hutto : good game but its not really all there too much on add ons
elijah noftle : great arcade style motorsport game! by far the best trial racing series out there!!
matthew green : awesome game love the new update mission impossible rogue nation update
pluto urata : the game is great i loved it pls make some more games ubisoft.:-)
jacob silguero : really expansive map to have tons of fun on with plenty to do.
daniel dicus : i didn't think that i would get so much out of it!!
lee blackman : awesome game now has the mission impossible event which is a cool extra
cadem welcher : anybody who likes racing games download this ap right away.
gorgon council : i just started playing but i like what i see so far.
william kimball : its one of the best games i have played so i think it deserves a 5.0
joey domenech : a really good game that kills time.
troy flack : addictive. lots of different styles of tracks etc and modifications to bike!
carl carter : good game but lost progress, not going to waste my time to lose progress again
gavin march : i love my motorcycle my friend tommy told me about this game so i downloaded it.
rosie wallace : this game is awesome and it's really cool. i really like it because i like to race
maverick guyver : great game with a real fun story
steven michael : plenty of updates keep this game fresh. i love it!
oskar la : graphically pleasing. and riders enjoyment. epic story line as well..
george kountzas : one of the best mobile games ever.ubisoft really outdid themselves on this one
i main zed&yasuo : nice game i really enjoyed and i really liked the mission impossible lvls
adam spencer : everythings good but could you please get rid off fuel so we could have more gametime thanks
rajat bhatt : great game. really addictive. please bring trials fusion for android too
ros ros : i hope will be e second part from this game
con : it's defenetly free and i love it so there!
toby price : this is a really good game and i play it almost every day
kevys antwi : what the heck you die ate the finish line
a google user : best game iv played on android so far
keven martin : this game is amazing it has really great graphics
georgina duimpies : this game is awesome nothing els i can say
usama 098 : awsome game i love it the graphics are stunning and this game is too smooth
david lokken : i love it but we should all start with more gems
michael robertson : great game all around just love it great goals and awesome bike mods
kyle witherspoon : i like how it has like a whole story to it i recommend this game for people how like story games
slimy doughnut : its a game for pro and only the best survive
joshua brewer : runs good on the note edge very fun and i like the western style
jenna fourie : its very good its reliable good service and exquisite graphics
anil athri : keeping me engaged always, great development guys.
shrikant gaur : very good game i love to play it. it's one of the best bike racing game i've played ever....:)
dillon lamprecht : game is cool loved it and still do so if anyone wants a cool game thos is it
valentin velevski : favorite adictive android game. \m/ heavy stuff !!!
cream milk orbit : its super duper awesome
ayan khan : epic every body should download this game
asep suharyadi : best trial game ever...recommended for you who like trial game
maribel martinez : this game is the only game that i am good to play with
liam sassman : fun missions great graphics realistic very fun and well made. this is not a cheaply made game. like you always see. get this game!!!!
shane perdue : great game and story line.
joshua mcgrath : just like the arcade version, but it's free.
james trobaugh : played this game in the past, loved it. playing it again.
stanislava : the game is so cool and its free.play it.
mike biker : had a few argues with gf about playing it.. speaks for everything ;)
christian bass : this game is the best got a great campaign and also i like that there are adventures and this game is the best so ill give 5 for that one
ahmed alhassan : this game is awesome best motorcycle game (on mobile)
edge wyze : great game. more stunts would be cool though
sulagna sahoo : it is a game full fun and humour. it is a must play game.
kanwal : trust me it's an amazing innovative game... which keeps u on for it every time... ubisoft h rocked it..
srawan moktan : really its cool game i had ever played before.. i liked it..
henry simon massie : just playing couple of minutes.....nice story and addictive gameplay
outsider : to much fun to put down
andreas avraam : the game is so nice and the stunning is epic
yerf dog : having quest makes it more fun for some reason
suj karki : i love this game. good story. great fun.
malik hamza12395 : nice game byt difficult
fidelis wiky : addictive
white candy production : the best graphics i've ever seen
lala weaver : it's so cool take it from a girl
cstrickland22 : ubisoft killed it with this one
toby evans : good fun can be challenging at times
abhishek kumar : it is a very good game with awesome gameplay and graphics . i loved it.
leonardo espinoza : this game is awesome nice graphics nice story this game is awesome
.chandu s : really nice game, more addictive
bonnie ghent : this is the best game ever seen by me
andrew bonomini : download and have fun lol
michael neitman : i have a great time playing this game
aungsan myint : i like it is so cool
julian reyes : cool game i really enjoy playing it
daniel wiese : very good game a must buy
leonard winkler : the best dirt bike game ever
merrick bloomfield : love it works perfectly really enjoyable game
muhammad ikbal mgm : i love this game
bradley reynolds : cool story line fun to play
dustin moore : totally fun, totally.
michael martel : this game is quite fun and addicting.
isiah currie jr : the details are so good
adam turnbull : best game i've played in a long time
efraim scott : the game is really long, but its great
steven wertz : great game just to much lag
robert belfon jr : awesome game, super addicting
siddharth waghmare : very nice long time running game
the boss : awsome update! really liked it! keep it up!
meallad davoud : so.much fun can't believe it's free
kurt rippy : this game is awesome. nuff said
ashton smith : no more to but 100 star
irina ahmed : its free and the best
yusz yusnira : very good game cool graphic
andre carignan : fun and addictive
reagano rojo : great game so far anyway
morgan irving : its so awesome i love it
kanye kun : this game is so coll
mark : looks and plays great
raghu shashidhar : superb game loving every minute
jay sule : good graphics and simple gameplay
abiodun onaola : great all round game experience
devan chemerika : this game is awesome
cesar rodriguez : i like you can save it right when you get the game. i like the graphics and dynamics of the game.
yellow eclipse : great, awesome, cool, best, marvellous, enjoyable, amazing, superb, astonishing, fabulous, wonderful, admirable, stupendous, stunning, delightful, nice and excellent game...thumbs up!!!
tim tucker : controls are nice. like the story line of the game. overall great game..
cody lewandowski : absolutely addicted to this game!
ashsmix yep : how can i recover my game
andre coles : i think it's a great game.
jesse james : plays great and is free.
dj dad : it's superawesome
danny blackston ii : most addicting game i've played
karl williams : a good toilet game
carmin colacci : outdoorsman is wrong i love this game its the classic trails expirance with an exciting story and diverse characters i would recommend a dismount button that might launch the rider like in the xbox version of trails just a thought
william watson : great game to kill time, wish we had this in prison
edward l : it's so addicting
nacho cheese : really fun. to play
sabbir ahmed : faltu plss don't play this game
ramadan pajaziti : edit: from 1 star to 5.. now works great:d
anji mo : it's really fun
carmine sammartino : one of my 3 favorite mobile games!!!
nathan cooper : the best game ever
suhaas sai : i love ubisoft games...but this was really addictive than other games like trial xtreme,racing rivals etc.....amazing and compact controls and amazing graphics for mobile....really loved it....if u want a good time pass bike game...go for this !!!!!
fred cope : can't get enough of it.
kasey brown : this game is really fun.
redeemer reeve : if in this game have a gp.... i cant imagine it!
habiba rehmani : this game should dowload it beacuse this game is gooooooooooooooooood
mazher mahmood : it's an addiction.
che ruble : very fun racing game!
mario rodriguez : cool game.
josh hand : really good story and great fun! :-)
fiorello sutanto : trial frontiers is really a fun game !
jayasurya kumbla : this game is awesome it is a beast!!!!!
michael fielding : loving the game at the mo....
mario padilla : love the game!
imran khan : addictive.....n cool graphics
tushar vartak : no words ! awsome
evan thomas : it's a great game for all ages....
brinaye salaam : this game is made well.i give props to the people that made it.
lee jesson : best in class
malistan selmi : cool game :d
made kusmadi jaya : excellent, nice graphics, fun, addictive and no offline mode?
president panda : great game just idk wat to do anymore the game is probably broken?
krishna bhardwaj : that's why 5......
amber baker : i love the game
sahil pradhan : cool game...liked it
abad hameed : well made. addictive.
woody specials : highly addictive
arash kamali : very good graphic and story
omar mohamed : one of my favorite games
bigpapiasianman : good graphics and gameplay
kathy lanes : love it great challenge
mister muffin tops : really fun and easy
vincent jin : good game worth playing
mr_amb3rt : best racing game
shawntina lemon : it is a good game
muneeb naik : good concept and graphics
nahumlara lara : i love this game
bob jean : this game rocks!
skandakumar m : graphics is awesome
northernheightz : cool
el valentino cuh : really fun game
ted rowland : best game on android
allen webb : cool game to play
aaron martin : this game is amazing
james macallister : great game
aqil wafiq : awesome so far
nenewah g : awsome game
jeannette denson : the best
matthew pickwoad : addicting and fun
daniel sima : great game
pharmacy : love this game
sinisa matkovic : addictive :)
bert rogers : the best game in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
its_mosiii : thats so so so great
rashad kelty 05 kelty jr : robin thomas
jakob cooney : very addicting
andre kamara : love the game
mindy barrera : really fun
demetrice ferrell : great game
justin pyke : pretty awesome
alex haught : great game
mab stevens : great game
luis pereira : great game
lai tang jun : everything is great
tim burr : great game
*tekashi 6ix9ine * : great game
marty carr : awesomely addictive
juancandy1 : it is cool
luke thomas : great game
second hand furniture : love this game
sean watts : extremely awesome
nemuel tumbado : rock and roll to the world!!!
phil gorecki : cool
ramy dawaba : cool
ferdinand iskandar : cool
john joseph pradas : its ok
mahrad ataeefard : must play
jordan chauvin : hey
julian mena : asome
mohammad iqbal banna : addicting
michael adhi : the balance between grinding and challenge is really great. not once i felt the game grinds to a chore even though there's an element of luck on the spin the wheel section at every end of the session. would pay for a full price experience, but that's android for you, too easy to install pirated apps.
erik wiggins : anyone calling this slow and hard should go back to chutes & ladders. this game is not the easiest and dont expect to be a master anytime soon. it's a great game that will constantly challenge you. upgrade bikes, take on challenges, race your friends - its never boring. one of the best games period.
krasimir kostadinov : the game is very well made. love it, but...it doesn't let me log in to uplay so i just don't use this option and it was fine.. but i got to the moment when the old man is introducing me to the boost section in my inventory and forces me to tap on the button. then the game just crashes every time and doesn't let me do anything else so that is it... i can't play now until you guys fix this problem... :(
alexandre mouton : nice game i love ubisoft from asasins creed to rainbow six siege.and can you put farcry 3 or 4 on wiiu. this game is awsome i love all your game but please the advertisment for trials frointers its very anoying with the advertisment.stay awsome and godbye keepp updating the game.asasin creed syndycate
lindsay guercio : it has it all multi-player, campaign and upgradable bikes the only thing that could be improved is the fuel instead of 3 minutes give it like 2 and lower the price of buying more other than that good job this game is the best
tevaughn abney : i think some cool little changes that could be make it coloring your own bike rims etc. and more outfits. one more thing would be to help out more with the cost of upgrades & outfits....... make them cheaper,
august van staden : great to keep you busy for 5 minutes or 5 hours. i haven't stopped playing, since i downloaded. had a much older version on pc and i've been looking for it ever since i got my new phone. not disappointed at all.
thomas miller : just amazing great game that everyone should play.(only problem is it tells me thst in app purchases are not allowed)
enoc millan : i like this game. i think a friend tolled me about it and i searched for it and it wasnt here. but no worries now because i have it ;)
a google user : i was playing trail extreme, but this one blows my mind. this is the game i was searching for.
john loubser : this game is just awesome, the graphics are great and it runs like a dream on my nexus 7 2013, thank you for all your hard work and a free game.
mahmoud ghandour : what a fantastic game...the control, graphics and every thing else just look wonderful
alishan merjanian : on my hwawei ascend mate 2, everything worked perfectly till a couple days ago. now the world map runs at 1 or 2 frames per second, totally unsusable. -edit- thanks for fixing the glitch!
john hueckel : the graphics are beautiful. game play is intuitive and challenging. i can't recommend this enough.
nick dunford : i don't love the freemium model, and i think ubisoft would have a lot more players if they got rid of the ridiculous wait times, but admittedly i still can't stop playing.
vicariously incognito : apart from the 30 second ads, this game is extremely detailed and has amazing physics. as an engineer, i give props to the developers of this game. well done
martyn dodds : i did have problems with my progress but iv got it all back now which was a bit of hassle, iv changed to 5 stars as i said i would now cuz i love trials :)
philip beck : fun game with a goofy cast and story line. great at keeping you occupied
damian ison : loves this until i was forced to install latest update. now it is super laggy and slow on map page and home menu. making it unuseable. galaxy s3. please fix back to how it ran for 5 stars
twinkiesauce 18 : i love this awesome bike game jumping off stuff flips bunch of cool jumps
tristan paparella : really cool game, one of the best trials games out there. really fun and easy to play on the go. i'm having a blast with this game.
bethany maggard : i love how it has missions. and not just career and just racing on different tracks
terrilynn morris : get this game, amazing graphics, awesome game, but 1 flaw is stuff a little expensive but great game.
samuel stevens : very well made, actually includes a story and missions with an interesting upgrade system that keeps you coming back
mr. bose : luv it but something wrong with the online feature .. anyways it still a nice game
cory seabolt : i am addicted the this game, i play it ever chance i get the only down side is it drains my battery
darrell junior thomas : thanks i really like this game i cant stop playing it lol i'll update this later thanks
derek judeel : please fix. it freezes when i want to buy outfits with gems
russel llabores : made my character fall or stumble on every track cos it's hilarious especially the voice hahaha. my no. 1 motocross game
andrew pearson : been playing this for a long time now. still check it at least once a day.
josh : i play it till me hands go numb from the elbow up
gurmukh singh : amazing game, with nice graphics, great music, awesome gameplay and so well build levels. thanks and best wishes to the whole team of trails frontier... keep it up buddy's.. hats off to you
alex loser : its better than i thought it was going to be. i love the trials games as they kinda make you think.
gregory dymowski : true to trials name and fun as hell
justice rainz : had a blast playing. tons of content with very little pressure to pay. the end gets pretty grindy though
snehal mistry : from today i got problems when i open any mission to receive gold is by default showing and the time is too less to achieve it something wrong haven't seen it till yesterday
moahmed hisham : all other dirt bike games are not legit. this on the other hand is legit and really addictive. 5 stars for you
kyle c. : a lot of fun and easy to play. don't have any complaints so far.
robert hartley : top notch
ian : fun times with a full featured trials game for free definitely download!!
ben gill : out of all of the racing sort of games out there this is got to be the best only had it for 30 minutes and i love it
mtt miko takada tapiono : apa itu haters lovers geje
mark dempski : great way to kill a few minutes!
kishif sargeant : this game is full of fun and excitement. the graphics run smooth on my s5. great game !
dr shaheen mahmud : it's the most amazing bike game i've ever played
nick forsyth : i like the characters and little story line. great physics too!
josh strydom : best racing game i've played yet. love it definitely worth the install
gage archer : this game is the bomb! everyone must get this game
caren wallace : the game feels really good. especially like the feeling of the reward wheel.
erlson arreola : enjoying the race so far.
generson lurenana : the best offroad game on two wheels so far.
a google user : always have loved these physics bike games. this is a good one.
reduan bin abdullah : everything about this game is nice...graphics, storyline, gameplay and even music is nice!! good job developer.. now excuse me, i need to do some backflips..
eric pilar : best game this year that i have playd on my fone. love the story line
eddy gray : it's a great game that doesn't force you to pay for stuff you don't need just to proceed.
kevin rider : why can they just fix it for god's sake.
amy nielson : everything is fixed and i get to enjoy my favourite game again!!!
mehdi baeidi : is a great game. if you like trials games it's the best.
derek miller : supper little game and in app purchase is cheap
faceless1466 : its 1 of the best dirt bike games
angela white : i love the amount of cora graph that was put in a lot of development and time
alex : they should make another one or ship an older game to android
samir paul : one of the best games i have ever played
xxelitesniperxx jackson : the game is so good thx keep it up
desar yuartha : i like the post apoclypse style. easy and fun gameplay. love it
metal em : i have been looking for a interesting game like this for awhile guess i have finally found one
william baker : it feels like all other trials except a the story line which all trial games need
michael ishcomer : this game is easy simple it is almost exactly like the actual trials
fachry fianika : simply entertaining, recomended banget!!
fadhil adnan : the game is simple, but fun and addictive.
skuge one : all good sept u gotta wait for gas but just set ur time up
adam prestedge : good fun but fuel and gems are annoying
nozir ahmod : the best trials stunt.. boo..0o.m.. ouch! wreck..! :>
luis paredes : great game works without wifi bit 2 upgrade ur bike u need 2 be conceded other than that great
marvin soulbadguy : nice graphic and game play.thnkz guuguchoo.
austin hayman : amazing been playing this and fusions and loving all the things
chris edwards : i love the graphics and story line
marco michael : free and better than trial xtreme
wawan soeria : it's great game
sellorbuy fomo : a must get . nice running game
harry johnson : great game and is just fun and addictive get it
mohammad al-bloushi : excellent game , i like the leveling up system
jordan beck : this is the best free game i've played on android
stane : hours of fun
richard mason : great game.. love it on xbox love it on here.. good work
nicholas ostrom : great addition to the trials series.
fahad hossain : i loved this a game.it is a action game
fredric burman : been spending countless hours on this game!
johan gonzalez : very fun and very well made graphics
umashankar vishwakarma : nice game but too much adds
isaac : this is so fun and it has good grafics
49th parzival : it's fun but sometimes crashes
pepper : download it download it download it download it download it download it download it download it download it download it
nate taylor : it's awesome!
azwar guwar hasan : i barely played but damn it's addictive!
shakti dagar : i like it , its a perfect game
jee moto : great game, so enjoy playing this bike game
an ju : it's the vest game on my phone
jignesh vaghela : this is amazing game...
david duncan : this is a neat little addition to it.
tushar ahir : the graphics of this is unbelievable
iyioluwa olaoye : love the graphics and how the gameplay is
craig wilkinson : great game must download it now
adhistya febryanto : great graphic n gameplay
dameki phawa : download it everyone. ...i garantee you it'll be the best game you'll every play
abdul shariq : awsome , specialy the vibration effect
tri del : can't stop playing
pavan sunny : the story is so good......and it's a lot fun playing this game.
joseph smith : good stuff, especially for free
dipanjan mridha : really awesome game from ubi soft. thanks to ubisoft ......
mehran hossain : i am totally in this game... nice missions and rewards... keep it coming!!!
broski gaming1032 : awsome and fun.
devin clark : this game won't let you down! it has it all! story, upgrades, amazing graphics, hidden secrets! and best of all.... motorcycles! 10 out of 10! beware! this game is addicting!
kieran winters : one of the best games on the play store ever!!!!
sheraz khan : everything is fine. fun playing it.
griffone 23 : this game is really fun,just like the xbla version! super fun! keep up the good work..!! (><)
xavier1141 mayfield11 : download it now!
wanfa rodriguez : it's so awesome
robin robin : hhmmmm......nice game and graphics is so good.keep it up baby..
andy mcleish : like trials hd, only outside and with story mode
bike & car masala : good time pass :)
enrique : this game is so much fun. download................now
an drew : so perfect, love it. best of this kind.
p daly : can't complain
jon paquette : great game!
arlene ocat : really enjoyed the game......played 4th time.
nicole frias : it is the funist game ever
akshya stha : loved it very much.....awesome
a google user : nice gameplay and graphics!!!
ben baker : great lots of fun.
prashant kumar : stupendously awesome!!
gouru naidu ravada : is the best!!!!!
dan biktor : addicting..
ricardo nunez : love it!! it's great!!! download!!!
zarrar khan : great game...
rahmat abdullah : love..love..n love this games....
jc wong : like the game awesome gameplay and multiplayer
bhuvanesh rajakarthikeyan : a good one..
haresh doria : totally addictive game
edward gollihugh : great time waster
muhammed punathil : cool pool and hot
brian mugonye : the best game ever
muhammad beri : love it at the first sight
cyclops32358 : great game very fun
ashraf munir : awesome game man
nick carnes : it is sooooo fun
fery prasetya : good games racing
axel cortez : this game is amazing
saurabh bakare : graphics is just awesome
david frew : real addictive.
the animal jjb : i love this game
arief santoso : great game..
river labrecque : cool
rafael eko kristanto : great game
awale sunil : very nice game
tim leonard : pretty good game
taimoor ul-hasan : i love this game
kshitij kumar : best racing game
adam2021 : this is a great game
rios kaguro : fun playing
ajack waikur : cool game
joshua truelove : great game
cole carithers : great game
roberto flores : its good
tangela johnson : cool
david becker : so with this last update the game crashed on me not allowing me to play for a while. i am now able to play but have lost everything that i worked for. all the bikes, i was nearly fully upgraded on the first two bikes. jakel was halfway upgraded. nearly had the mantis bike. just had finish getting and started upgrading the bronco. would love if it is possible to have all that back.
robert corredor : please add android tv support, just sideloaded this game onto my nvidia shield tv and it looks gorgeous, but has no controller support. would love to be able to play this on android tv. usually i'm not a fan of the free to play type games that are dominating mobile apps, but this one gets it right. you don't feel deprived by not buying into the iap, and the progression isn't a grind. solid all around and great to game if your a fan of trials.
tim saxon : as a fan of the real trials games i'm extremely happy to see a true mobile version! this blows those knockoff games out the water. the controls are there and the graphics are great! the cutesy story mode is definitely welcome and it even has force feedback using your device vibration motor. great mobile experience, i have to say.
colin cumming : i played it for a while and then deleted it. although, thanks to uplay, i got my progress back from where i left off. the story line is great and the graphics are perfect for a phone game. congrats to the developers. these games only come around once in a while 10/10
maciej manikowski : initially gave it 5*, gameplay is fantastic, interesting solutions with upgrades and all. however on pointing out that my friends are not showing up on leaderboards no solution was given, although the issue was reported several times.most recently the app started crashing for no reason and the only way to make it run is to reinstall, then play three tutorial levels before being allowed to sign into account and continue the savegame only for it to crash again, no solution or support provided again. rubbish
qusai alshareef : a really nice storyline, great gameplay , easy to gather parts and gold..this game has it all even if you're not willing to pay real money you can make it through. definitely recommended
tyrant watch : this game is pretty good. don't know what people are complaining about. no glitches on my galaxy note...
mahmudul islam : its a very addictive game. but you don't deserve 5 star. i couldn't logged using facebook to play with my friends. i really like this game that's why its 5 star. please fix it soon.
iann knightley : the physics are pretty damn good. beautiful graphic with interesting storyline (which most android games lack). gems are not super hard to obtain unlike other shitty freemium games. a must install games.
kaens bard : the "mind your health, play less often" system, aka. money miking, is the only thing to dislike here.
maciek : fun and challenging. i don't play video games much and most games bore me after a few minutes but this game has kept my attention for a while now.
matthew makowiecki : i thought it was going to be a ripoff of trials fusion (on xbox) but it's not it's the opposite of trials fusion
grab_a_spoon : lots of fun and a great way to kill some time. i hope they make more for android
d mcclure-norris : this game is great and i play it all the time and i'm a girl and i still love it because it just awesome i think all the people who look at this should download this very cool game
ankit sharma : ubisoft is known for his best games and thia game ia one of the best games for smartphones.... good game now looking for next assassin's creed version for phones
anton epskamp : awesome story, characters, and gameplay. hey ubisoft, we should be able to use a better version of an object in a upgrade and give it much better stats. for example, use a silver spring instead of a copper one.
clonz 95 : aside of having a good graphics and a funny character, this game is also challenging like i done many attempts sometimes to make a perfect stunts/ride. i really love this game and how it is made. good job ubisoft!
louis cypher : highly addictive game. ads are few and far between. great game with great graphics. the new update is creating connection issues that ate preventing the collection of rewards from slot spins.
orpheus uk : this game will draw you in to move forward with hundreds of in app purchases and just when you feel you are getting somewhere the game will crash and you will lose every penny and minute you spent playing!!!! ubisoft don't reply to any messages or provide support once they have had you in the bag. it's a real shame as the game plays really well. this has happened to me twice on different devices so definitely the game.....get your act together ubisoft
reuben suantak : im always a huge fan of trials game since child hood. this one has a very good game story and gameplay. nice work guys. 5 stars from my side.
jake plamondon : coulda been worse but it was alright. not the best but whatev
joshua gaines : ever since the update it loads the races super super slow please fix! no problems before update. i have even uninstalled and reinstalled it and it did not fix it.
damien chin : i was looking for bike baron when i came across this game.one of the better motorbike games
vinit singh : almost had a heartbreak when i realised that i had lost my game data, but then uplay came to rescue and i am back to being addicted.
a google user : been looking for a game like this for ages it's a great game love this game also make it so you can have a bike and side car
the knife connection : i've played a little here and there. its nice to have a cool little story line and town with a trials game
paul mckillip : i would love it if you guys put in uplay challenges, other than that the game is pretty much flawless
joaquin mora : awesome game, the only thing is that i cant advance on some stuff because you have to pay to build the bridge so i cant do missions on that side. but lther than that i love this game it has a lot of content
dylan clinch : it's a great little game to play when you need to kill some time
daniel kasabov : one of my favorite free to play games has the trials mechanics we love and the portability on our phone overall great game
nobbyhobson : other than the grinding.
nichel ken zayas : realy a nice game...but sometime when your not using wifi, your progress sometimes not saving..so save ur progress using one of your google account..
shane maigar : great game,lastes a long time with lots and lots off missions to do. really enjoying it.
marie naui : this game is so cool! but the thing i hate is that butch's motor is too fast.
santosh kammar : loved this game. the app is kept simple and user friendly. has good graphics and wide range of levels
animator_nub : difficult at first.. but chalenging and enjoyable !! excelent graphic.. good job and i think great
tangkam l n sangma : absolutely awesome but i hate waiting for the fuel to refill..
hector ttofa : pretty fun. good graphics, nice western themes, solid performance on my g3
cody gaspard : well put together game. it takes a while to progress but it's interesting enough
erin andrei yalung : this game make me and my friends laugh so much,all those crazy bike tricks it's kinda sick i like it!!but the finish line ahaha it's a foolish thing i've ever seen in this game.keep rock in the free world
pix3l monst3r : hey man i'm the pix3l monst3r on youtube and everything else but you can have the (five stars) keep it up :)
tray king : i enjoy playing, it keeps my mind of bordem.
dylan armstrong : game is ausome but wants you get to the ghost racer its imposibble
razzel michael sabidalas : keeps me up late burnin' rubber! adrenaline pumping motorcycle action + post apocalyptic setting= get nothing but unlimited fun! keep up the good work guys!
ameen s : ubisoft u made it again graphics r osm.. gameplay is butter smooth in my phone
yazri yahya : when this game come out i ready play on my ipad.. the problum is this game cant link with google play or uplay.. i hope u can make it posible to do..same like game clash of clan..so long i play this game on ipad..and now i need to play back all like new on my andriod?????? pls do something..
brandon rauls : lots of goals to strive for. not to long on the wait period between turns: aka gas. great play all around!
jackson edno : when i go into the map it gets major lag and it is really hard to do anything. i have a uplay account so if i uninstalled it would he save my progress or would i have to restart
lalfakzuala chawngthu : very smooth game , needs some update though. i like it good perfectto
reyhan hernanda : it's not really pay to play. but it's hard to get the parts
navesh t : nice to play but is too big file in sd .. anyway it it just amazing and mindblowing this game
christopher olivier : very addictive can't stop playing it
steve newman : good game, controls a bit slow, but nice gameplay overall
suhail gazem : love the game, except that i reached level 9 and it connect the game to uplay than it rest me from 0
mann bhopi : i always loved ubisoft coz i was always their fan from prince of persia to assassin's creed... n now on android they r rocking with this piece of magic...!!
christian jungers : a little twitchy on the controls. otherwise really fun progression and gameplay.
vlad the wise : justin from uplay support helped me to restore my progress. thank you! game is fantastic!
szymon repec : it got my old game back
mateusz kasowski : awesome game and really addicting have it for a long time and never gets boring :)
melo beam : its the best motorcycle game i've played in a long time what i really like is at the end of the course how u explode or fall etc. good job!!!!!!
tejas jadhav : don't download lots of pop's and adds
jason serruys : so much fun! keeps ya coming back for more.
sandeep pentakota : cool game to kill ur time
study in tamil : i love this app its interesting i am really addicted to this app
tushar sachdev : play it... no reviews to be followed. . a bit frustrating story time
shawn martin jr. : way. fun. if you have played ny trials b4
jeetendra kumar bairagi : i play this game the is not so good but i give 5 stars because i play a game watch dogs a ubisoft game so i give and i requested please please make watch dogs 2
chris lopez : this games is pretty amazing for a free game.. fair to earn gems and money too. great game
darren major : usual ubisoft quality. well worth a download.
ruben villegas : needless to say. honestly can't complain. very good game.
josh beets : awesome game. wish the fuel tank would refill faster
mafuza akhtar : this game is really a super bike rally game which i really like to enjoy playing.
a viewer : this is a good game bought the 79.99 pack of gems and was well worth it
eric lamoureux : if you like the other trials games, you will most likely like this
anh-dung huynh-truong : it suddenly got too laggy to do anything in world map! when i go back to the house screen it's normal again. what's wrong? should i reinstall it?
tony p : love this game a lot like the xbox one or old school excitebike!
martin patton : once you start playing you cant stop..
ashwin sajeev : it's the greatest bike stunt game i've ever played!
kast dominguez : i like to play it all day
the m group : this game is the best you have to try it guys
dj thompson : awesome graphics and great stunts
anwar pathan : awesome game enjoying playing this bike game better then other bikes games
bruh bruh : why are birds always in disguise...because they are in the sky!
matthew viola : it is a very great and challenging game! like the data cubes. ;)
stp_bogor andrian halim : nice job ubisoft i love this game so much
bobby hilger : to much fun
sree harsha chandika : awesome graphics,nice and sturdy controls....loved the energy in the app.!! only flaw would be no quit option..highly addictive though as they say !!
stacey rash : just downloaded this game but so far its cool
jason r : this game is pretty fun and its a great time killer
alex : take runs smoothly and has really nice 3d graphics
tyler stone : this games is one of the best trails i've ever played!!
muhammad taib mirza aditya : this good games we should have try
beck becks : awesome game - glad it's just as good on my phone
sean curtis : nice story to follow. same classic game play.
kuldeep sinha : after long tym i got wat i wanted
joel mohammed : addicting af two thumbs n two big toes up
sarahi sanchez : awesome and addicting. so far no problems with it.
louis monkeybusiness swanepoel : hi guys again my favourite game on android but could we please stop breaking it with every second update this is now the second update that is broken not what i expect from your studio
roni del rosario : love this game. keep it up!
ajoy maitra : its truly awesome with a neat storyline... interesting and addicting.!!
thesilentgamer01 01 : it would be could cool if we can customize our character
raghul dhakshin : it is so lovely game that you will hang on to this game.
mason cox : unreal game the only problem is the constant grind.
adam moya : cool game, it is def addicting. highly recommend
humberto cares : very responsive controls...super cun and excellent interface
vikas yadav : very nice intrusting game must play it
devon reed : very addicting! great art style, fun missions, never ending upgrades.
abhishek dubey : my favorite game on android so far.
the grey man : hands down, my favorite mobile game!
krisbcrunch : good game, good quality just an all around good game.
prabhu gengaram : good time pass to play this game.u i is awesome
william ashmore : just started playing and i'm already in love with it
chukiet tirasirikul : with no lag, nice cg.
a google user : play it for urself
ali hushmand : i had this game for 6 month and now with this update it won't run help me ubisoft!!!! nexus5 5.1.1
waleed abouelela : really cool, super fun
not waddlz : i love to play it
micah jones : i love it it's a great game
d j : its extremely awesome!
raahul gandhi : amazing game with stunning graphics!!works perfectly on my sony xperia now!! :-d
brian negrete : make the one that captain sparkelz plays
nathan stahr : awsome love all trials games ever
brad scarry : i just love the entire trials series!
knuckle buster : fun like touching myself in the bath.
wittaya sawangarom : i play it many time in a day.
mike sherrod : a cool distraction
trey shelby : it was awesome totally download it
sara allen : i just love this games
pj : simply fun and addicting to play
rodney g : great game and very fun to play
muhd lutfil al hadi mohd nisham : this game is so fun
stevegang 007 : make sure to download
joey lacroix : addictive for sure
mohammed fathi : i love this game so much
garnis [ onyx ] : i can't leave this game
damion haines : i love it! raise the roof!!!!!
shante dennis : play if your bord
subhadeep sen : awsum graphics and story line i ve evr seen in an android game... great job....
seth massey : i'll give you four words, this game is awsome
jessica davis : can't stop playing
nathan mclellan : can't stop playing
manojkumar kotti : simply superb game and very good visual graphics....(y)
ray tawaluyan : pretty good trials with good graphic
djz moon : ubi is owesome in android and pc
amarendra ukidwe : nice graphics, good gameplay
vikas ub : awesome graphics...perfect controls...tough rivals..!!!
brandon applegarth : cool
ali aaman : omg real game awesome real plz download it's real game love this game plz download plz to free trails frontier amazing it great game download to free game real game thank yo .......................! ...........................................!
was k : top game 10/10 amazing graphics what a show!!!!!!!!
muhammad faiz fairuz : i like notification sound.. where can i get the sound..
modern media : lovers love the game, haters.... fuc u
broken gamer : it's very pretty in appearance, & it's fun. it's a must have
emanuel nugroho : exciting. cool, man
sivakumar ponnusamy : animation n sounds gud...
m. mizie : epic game smooth as silk
naveen gawande : can't live w/o awesum
benjamin westphal : try(al) it!
immad khan : it keeps crashing at startup:((((((
dalton brooks : awesome!! i love it
klutzykid gaming : great app, amazing graphics, and it is absolutely awesome!!!!!
sebe1015 : im paid to rate 5 stars...
joseph wood : cool game
ricky ist : you'll see where you have to go..
mihaela stanciu : outstanding experience!
tejinder singh : awesome game this game is bestthanks....
crafty sniperxxx : oh my god it is f***ing awesome
candace garrett : great extremely fun awesome game
sahil rawat : the game man! it's filled with awesomeness!!!!!!!!!!!
jason murray : i like it just wish the tracks where longer
afifur rokhman : loved it,, good graphic good gameplay,,
322king : worth to play!
ivan gonzalez : awesomesauce!
himanshu raheja : great game good graphics
jann g : perfect for me
jelani gear : this game is awesome
victor margarit : i love this game
stewie walker : absolutely amazing and so addicting
mohd iskandar : epic physics
seth ivason : best based physics game
nawaz ahmed : bt level is difficult
thinboi : it is really fun:-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
abhijeet gautam : loved this game
daniel vaughn : this is one of my favorite games to play on my tablet!?!?!?!?!?!
ardhi nurcahya : i love this game
yash yadav : addictive and amazing...
rinaldi siregar : great game
furkan ozel : nice work really
jason alborough : its a awesome game
santhosh g j : its good and funny
byonda said : awesome game love it
shany goswami : i love this game
joshua boeckh : challenging but fun
ajeesh m : it is great
arpit sharma : this game was best
chris keister : multiplayer now woooooo
kenshin emti : cool...
aric poulson : this game is tender
peter salmon : great game
belal eldeeb05 : it is great
sanju sabu : really addictive
austin jackson : great game
trung ph : great game
cody van der merwe : really catchy
ace abay : great game
smilewow calhoun : tight
nazareth jones : this is a very persuasive game. it has me picking it up for short sessions several times a day. the waiting.. the waiting.. i now have 66 fuel and most tracks unlocked. summer is beginning and i have to put away things like this until the winter closes in again. i'm going to uninstall and cross my fingers in hope that my u play account will remember me when i return one day. probably charge me a fiver though. 5 stars.
tyler martin : this is definitely one of the best games on the market. i only have two bad things to say about it. 1 i have beat the game and been playing it for a year and some how i still don't have all the bikes. i find that a big issues. 2 they are bring back the blitz mode for pvp which is awful and a terrible idea.
steven boyack : loved this game from the moment i found it. i have played trials on the 360 and thought they were a blast, so when i found they had released one for mobile i was estatic. been playing the game for about 2 weeks with no major problems, yes the ads can get a little annoying but i understand you gotta pay the bills somehow. the reason its only 2 stars is because the other day it just stopped working out of the blue. i had just nfinished a race, everything froze and then crashed, never to open again. when i try
allen oldroyd : i really like this game, even with all the pushes to get you to spend money. i can even deal with the turbo mode that it occasionally goes into. however, i am at a point where there is a bridge that costs 90 freaking diamonds to cross! i have been playing day and night for months and can't save up enough. then they put tracks on the other side of the bridge that you have to race to pass challenges and continue your career. the game is super fun and addicting though! 5 stars cuz i can't stop playing it!
dylan nelson : i haven't run into the ads that other people have and can honestly say i've had a lot of fun with this game. i say give it a try, i've played it a few hours so far without needing to pay a dime or even wait for my fuel to refill.
rebz milbourne : this game is addictive. wish there wasn't limited fuel but the fact you can get rewards with it for trials fusion is cool
ryan hibdon : this game deserves to be on in the top 10. very well designed. demands to be played. hands out gems easily enough. you don't have to pay to advance if you're patient enough. very well made.
joshua tarvin : love this game! but all of a sudden it started lagging really bad whenever i'm taken to map view to choose mission.. i'm on droid turbo
rory pinson : been playing for a year now and still not tired of this game. always new levels and challenges. sometimes difficult but always fun.
fraser austin : an amazing trials game, didn't know they could make such a smooth trials game on the phone. i'm addicted to the ps4 trials fusion and this is the perfect methadone
jordan brehony : this game is awesome, but occasionally the game play will speed up, the go slow mo, then speed up again, almost like the track is buffering or something. drives me nuts. then you force close to get it to reset and lose your gas you spent on that race. please fix!!!
mayank abhishek : time killer and won't give you frustration for a very long time no matter how difficult it gets.
craig henry : great game. the energy 'gas' system is a bit annoying, but ive had no problems with the game, including updates.
aj thebeau : just spent about 30 diamonds and god knows now much money for the second bike handlebars and it will not upgrade. please correct this or refund my diamonds. this is quite annoying as i cant progress further
toto sakigami : awesome game. had it on my old 4.2 kit kat till i bricked it. now i have the game on my 4.4 and it's still just as awesome as i remember. no complaints what so ever. ^_^
ankita lal : awesome game in my life i ever played but butch is the only who rides faster. when we unlock bronco we think it is faster than jackel but it is not faster than jackel best bike is berserker.
kevin conaty : plays just like trials evolution and fusion but the game pushes you to pay for things like fuel and coins but still a game i would recommend (p.s the game ia still very fun without buying anything)
alex hamm : the best trials game on mobile thanks to the awesome guys who reinvented the whole trials genre. i've loved all the games since trials hd on xbox 360 and to have it on mobile is fantastic.
curt blakeslee : great gameplay, good graphics, annoying gimmicks. fuel is stupid and later upgrades take forever to afford. the multiplayer is a lot of fun, though, and may be the best way to judge who is the best at trials in any of the games, since you can't just retry a million times until you get a good run.
john jcb : have this game on samsung galaxy tab and nexus 7 and now sony xperia z3. awesome game harder on phone tho as swipe to reset brings up the xperias menu. but still worth downloading
deathsyname2 : i don't have trials fusion but i have completed all tracks on gold for the one suit. plus i love the game
alex drolet : i love trials, but when i'm away i can't always play it. when i heard about this game i was pretty excited, and i am not disappointed. good job, red lynx and ubisoft
justin street : love this game so much! however dont uninstall then reinstall thinking it will fix glitches in the game....oh well start again!
josh wassum : i played the trial version of trials evolution on xbox, but didn't want to pay the money for the full version. this is just as fun and goes with you wherever, and it's free.
william morris : love this game, played it for ages but today when i go into multiplayer seasons it say, cannot connect to bunker, tried everything possible but still no luck, have emailed uplay and yourselves, still no joy. help please !!!!!
derick johnson : love game would play all night if not for running out of energy... then like everyone else's horror stories how they update and it stops working.... now i have the same story... a hundred hours to get it back... think i'm done playing not again... i was forced to update to same winter wonder land
joe morris : love this game huge fan but wish u could have more ways to get the outfits and paint jobs that have already been released cuz i got the game after halloween so i couldn't get anything from that release and need more stuff to spend the coins on after u upgrade the bikes cuz by the end of this month i should have them all upgraded then what do i do with coins just nothing come on guys u can do better then that with this great game give me stuff to spend coins on not just gems!!!do a wheeloffortune plz plz!
mutwiri brian : like the story element even. also includes google play achievemnts n great artwork.
sunar kisan : i love this game i got to fight my kids for the phone to play
devin clark : but two days after i spent 20$ on merch it just crashes on start up! no update nothing changed! just crashes now! gal x4
jynjabread : i'm connected to uplay but i can't use the bunker to playonline. it thinks i'm offline or something
krishna bhagat : it's not just a simple bike race game.... it makes you addict with its graphics and its story line... great loved it
a google user : fantastic game, i play it everyday! if you play it please sign up to uplay!! and suggestion to developers i can "claim all" but as i have 50+ friends added through uplay, it takes forever to sent tickets and gas individually plus the extra time where the button doesn't register the touch! please add a "give all" button!? i will 5 it when this button is added
brandon dennison : its a great time killer and i even play it on my lunch break!
kevin wodarski : the game is super addictive, plays fast and is fair on its in store purchases.
oof oof : best game i ever played, even on android, playing other trials games on xbox is fun but now a mobile version? oh yea i'm playing this intelligence of work, love you ubisoft.
saeed rafe : the problem is that when .i enter in the map it will not come. fix it plz.thank you
satrio yamanda putra : draining my battery a lot. lol. great game.
pops : when i'm playing and my phone dies, i lose everything and have to start all over. all my bikes, upgrades, tracks and accomplishments are gone! what can i do about this? i don't want to delete the app, i love the game! but i'm not starting over, i like to think i was pretty far into the game. ty
yusuf abdullah oriean : cant access the bunker fix it plz.otherwise awesome game
jj jj : hello ubisoft i love your games you must bring your games to the nintendo switch.
peter kokkelink : awesome game!!you can actually win enough to do upgrades and it doesn't make it impossible so that you have to spend money to make the game fun!!!love it!!!
jon patrick pasia : fun game really great its enjoyable ang thrilling great job ubisoft
anuran pandit : the game is cool..its offline too and that's a good thing and i'm loving it
brendon davis : i had this game before but i deleted it then installed it again but i love this game 5 stars
dan baerga : i seriously can't get enough of this! great physics and replay ability.
ahsan gulraiz : awesome graphics. good gameplay. please provide n.o.s in next update.
kyle hopkins : fun game, played trials on xbox. its a bunch of fun to have trials on my phone.
lutfi assidiq : trial addicted, almost buy a trial motorcycle for real,
bryce eckler : this game is the best moder sicle game i ever got
marc danny : no doubt the game is perfect. ..but i don't know how i lost all my game data. :(
richard kuck : totally addicting.
faysal bin sadique : awesome game with nice gameplay and graphics. everyone should try it.
yonathan zarkovian : game runs perfectly smooth and is fun and easy to get into.
steven daniels : this is a really good game smooth controls and a great way to pass time
pio tomoy : i really love it best game trials is the best
rick feiler : this is the best trail game i think both in gameplay and graphics
sams sung : fun to play, better than trial xtreme !
menna galal : it's veryyyyyyy interesting game
calvin clayton : best game ever everyone should play it and who ever is up for a challenge
robert mittelsteadt : can't put this game down.
jordan chica : this game is sick with cool stuns
gustavo gomez : it's a great game and kills time.
joe bulhoes : great little game, it truly is a fresh breath of air for mobile gaming! love the offline play
alexander hadouka-taylor : thanks for the great game i love it and its realy addictive and fun!!!!!
carl elliott : can't believe it's free
nathaniel jones : this game has good online competition!
jesse kunath : awesome gameplay. love how it links with my xbox trials fusion
james welch : this game is actually fun cool!!
cole long : really good, just wish there where more bikes
loghesh ravikumar : trials frontier is just the game i was searching for in play store...so much fun and awesome gameplay and graphics...
joshua clark : a game that i kinda really wanted
dillon smith : love this game! one of the best games on the android market!
beast boy #1 : cool you should get this game :b
aman : really best game you feel .3d world
katy taylor : i love this game totally addictive.. kool upgrades =]
razvan pasca : physics,graphics,gameplay everything shines in this game
joseph zaring : lots of fun, very addicting
abraham iniquez : havin tons of fun.
ali zaidi : loved it. awesome game! i'm addicted!
skankintobob so wot : top game, way better than fun than console versions
eshaan deshmukh : one of the few good games on the market
george yiakoupis : lots of ads but engaging
xxzapsy hacksxx : it is soooooooo cool eat it
it sol : one of the best so far
zach gilleran : cool translation from the other trials games for xbox!
jaide glynn : i think it's pretty wicked
roni lovett : best motorcycle game ever
robert hanson : best motorcycle game out there
nana vlogs : the upgrade are amazing..great game..
ajit kakade : my game is not connecting to uplay could you please help me
partyboyiom : top game
lingesh lingu : i really enjoyed the game
mist gaming : awesome especially tracks and bike are awesome
mollten : awesome but one downside gas
corneliu paul lupulet : great graphics, smooth gameplay
thebest gamer : this is a serious game because there is a story mode to it
jason kratochvil : very fun and addicting. well done!
cooper bristow : great game.
hisham khaled : thanks but you have to make new updates.
neon samurai : trials brilliantly brought to mobile gaming. great work ubisoft!!!
doctor ahmed : worth playing and spending some money on, hell of alot of fun!!
rami adel : great game !!
chris jeffers : excite bike on crack...love it!!!!
kumar effect : best chalenging game.
michael stevens : the best.it rocks
sahil : cannot connect to "the bunker" even though i'm logged in to the u play account and can play the slot machine..
gary banda : love this game..
shaun fernandes : im playing dis game from a month n its worth it... no need to keep any other game ;-)
anna minette grimalt : reinstalled it again...
gokul raj : best of best.....
meme l0rd420 : keep it up ubisoft
dillon balzer : pretty cool game
amirahmad eslampanah : this game is perfect
troy salmela troy salmela : i love that game
tammy lake : that's awesome
harsharan singh : awesomeness overload!!!
zeljko stepanovic : why bunker is not working since yesterday!!???
rahul bhatt : super awesome...
pj phillips : game is freaking awesome
jimmy tan : really fun
ricardo jose : this game is great
raynor wittstock : love you this game
pete daddy : awesomeness...
abdulaziz alshamrani : a must play game...
collin ross : love the game
david ramsey : awesome and fun
christian bale : really
bishal shikder : loving it
john z : great game
gibby uribe : great game
nakedria daugherty : cool
neil alexander octaviano : cool
nauman rjpt : beauty
abdalla : really it is funny
david schouten : thanks
andy rutherford : addicting
jake kautzman : definitely one of those games you have to just download and try for yourself if you really want to know if it's a good game. i enjoyed the tracks, the storyline is rather childish but the game is challenging. the physics were much better then i had expected, the graphics weren't bad, over all a fun game to play when ever for how ever long without having to be overly dedicated to it in order to make progress.
shadyyogainstructor : they have fixed my problem of ads between races, added lots of new maps and missions, added this wicked new multiplayer mode of capture the map with the best time and win the pot of loot and have overall made me get back into my addiction lol. great work fellas :d
teodor natea : i rated the game one star before because of the crashing but they really got into ninja mode and fixed the problem. the game is absolutely awesome! maybe more achievements are needed, and some minor fixes, but anyway, is a perfect game. except that needs wifi all the time, even for bike upgrades :(
alfason ajiputra : i love the idea of adding story and growing village to the game. makes it a lot better than any other game in this genre.
gert post : i'm not usually into these types of games but this one is awesome. love the graphics and gameplay. great for short 5 minute breaks from work. bug: sometimes there's a huge lag on map screen which is kind of annoying.
rudo maritsa : it's awsome like you should download it now it has no errors love it butch is a bit hard to beat
efrain viera : graphics are astounding for a smartphone and the gameplay is just like the ps4 equivalent of this game so if you enjoyed that game you will most likely enjoy this one. but even if you didn't play it and give it a shot it may surprise you
eric olorunfemi : great game. very good for killing time. my fave mobile game is working fine now. i pray i don't lose my progress this time. love this game.
chandra shekar s : good ride,graphics . easy to upgrade bikes .only pain is to wait for fuel every now and then.
ceer one : great game. i have already finished the main storyline and now dealing with the *frostpocolypse*. the achievements are so few that i have unlocked all of them a year ago. do you consider adding new achievements? 18 is a very small number for such a content rich game. some less popular games have more achievements than yours. please take this into account. thanks
ken rolli : on snowman haven i was playing with th saws and guess what believe me or not but my guy got eatin by the saws and my dirt bike landed on the wheels and then my guy got spit out by th saws and landed on the bike with butt on seat! awesome right!
jeff jefferson : easy to start with but soon ramps up the challenge. looks great on my s6 edge. recommended.
thomas meltofte : and very close to the pc versions. runs are a lot shorter but grafics plus physics are great!
daniel scuteri : i am totally enjoying this game. its like trials fusion on a mobile phone. i like all the missions and unlocks.
bradley russell : definately worth downloadin if you enjoy playin games on your phone or just wana kill some time!!
dhaval chauhan : images of this game are not attractive but the game is awesome
friendly xeno : great game, been playing it for a couple of years now.
abhijith ajithkumar : i had never played such a wonderful game before.... very entertaining...also a suggestion.. please include coin bonuses for stunts like flipping...
imogen shepherd : amazin can not even put my.ipad and iphone down it is so good
siddhesh kolwankar : works great on mid-end devices, perfectly optimized and great to play
pengu miquo : just like on the xbox one, lots and lots of fun, easy to upgrade your bikes
eugene smith : thank guys!!! everything working perfect again......still the best game out there
dc c : great graphics, fun game!
marko smiljanic : very interesting, racing game with a plot, a bit unusual, but addictive to say the least.
ian patrick : a fantastic addictive game, play responsably!
mohd sharique : one of the best game i have downloaded from playstore till now
sire tristan buenavista : the game is so amazing the graphics man everything in trials frontier is fun and awsome
jeremy dewitte : loved the game since day one
retro : it would be good if motion controls were added
yeshi yangzom bhutia : great biker game with nice graphics and storyline and all. happy :-)
mahabub rahman : i like the graphic most on this game. overall nice good game
bryan bogardus : very very fun. keep up the good work.
elijah j : i'm speachless all i can say is that this game is amazing.
joshua rielly : i have always loved trials. great game
mayur pandya : so much adventurous stunt riding on the bike...
aido z : excellent and well done game!
karan bhullar : awesome graphics and pretty lovely on the phone
josh zimmerman : fun game, don't have to spend anything if you don't want to.
abeer verma : this game is a lot of fun and i play it
jakob j : very fun and not boring x
hugo pereira : great! realistic physics and good entertaining story!
adrian yip : can't stop playing. ... addicted like hell...
denis nikolov : this game is amaizing! best game i app store!
joven : this game is so cool! it has everything,story is awesome,a lot stages,it has upgrades....on of the best games!
seth studios : everything were superb
justbaxter : this and every other trials game is awesome
golden king : it is the best game ever made
joseph chacko : beautiful graphics and nice game design
jennifer johnson : fun,cool,and a awesome game
zexen : i love the game so much i play it everyday
a google user : great game but a bug wiped out my game. how can i restore it? please help
danny rodriguez : addicting. real nice graphics and great control
warren marsh : this game rocks love it
muthu palaniappan : superb graphics and fun gameplay
jair gonzalez : cool story fam.
a google user : great game, loving it!
gilang tresna andhika : it's make my time pass more fast....
adam kirk : this game is a blast and they don't make u spend any money to keep playing
scott brower : this one is tons -o- fun!
mohd. affezan bin ismail : audio, graphic, gameplay are all perfect..
savon henderson : it's a good game
shazin siraj : awsome !
freddy andrews : i love this game
ronnie silva : fun for hours
ilia lebedev : that's all
filipe dos reis : what else?
b-zone frag : best game'buy it
predrag : time eater
lakruwan madushantha : love the graphics
taha khan : great game
rohkee balaba : nice graphics
myrnatimola kho : awsome game
oren g : addictive game
rebecca gilchrist : it's asome
geordie mcmullen : class game.
cristiano tavares : i'll give 5 stars cuz it deserves it. but i'm experiencing a strange lag issue that makes it unplayable. it occurs randomly when the game starts to slow-mo specially on world map screen and feels like fps drops below 5... don't think it's memory related cuz i do run heavier games smoothly and without issues. the problem persists even (just) after restarting device. running android 5.0.2 on a galaxy tab s. thank you!
alexandru - bogdan buruiana : but where can i report a bug... when igor taught me fusing... i tapped fuse and it didn.t do anything... tapped again and started adding me money.... i have lots of cash now but don't want a ban or smth if there will ever be a multiplayer or smth... also it took my diamonds at the same time... and instead of me having 20k+ coins and 50+diamonds, i now have 1kk coins and 30 or so diamonds...after i think 3 or 4 restarts of the game i could move on from that bug and stopped adding money...
khaa'rym alleem : the controls are a bit less sensitive than the console game. but once you get used to it, it's pretty fun
kyle engelbrektson : i'm so in love with this game, the only suggestion would be allowing gas to overfill when winning gas from loot wheel and faster blueprints for donkey bike!
pj meintjies : thanks for the latest update fixing the crash problem of the previous one, this is really a very fun game :d
icornflex : it is the best game ever, but if you add just like build your own map or edit
ben van dierendonck : i generally hate microtransaction setups, but trials frontier gets it right. you could never pay any money and still be able to play pretty often, and even if you pay for the awesome starter pack, that's only 2 bucks. this is pretty much free trials, so what's not to love?
shawn mcnickle : awesome game. i watched my kids play these games and didnt realize i would enjoy them so much
steve girard : despite the limited control possibilities this game feels very good. bright colors and great animation make this very appealing and accessible. great effort!
jiten pujara : power packed game with everything just perfect - storyline, gameplay, graphics and revolutionary new immersive gaming with rumble effect just like playing on xbox!! must try.
red dead lucha-tr : only thing missing is classic level creation witch really is game creation with all the options in short if you love gaming you'll own and if you don't i guess you just learned you don't love gaming lol
temuri beriashvili : i loved this game before update.now i cannt play it is crushed.please fix it . now i need about 10 minutes to start for one game.please .my device is huawei g 700.before last update i han not any problems
matt dyer : this by far the best game on play store but the a.n.b.a robot still seems to think that i'm offline
4_e_m_h : game has some minor glitches now and then but overall totally awesome.
jinky padiz : it is really detailed for a mobile game, it is awesome.to play while i take a break playing farcry
stephen cameron : this game is great!!!! i have been hooked since downloading. wished i had found it earlier. i have played all versions of trials on the xbox 360 and this fame has as much apeal it has a few glitches nothing major. five stars
gaviii : i only wish the gas metre wasn't a thing but other games do it so...
orlando gana : still love this game and especially the new challenges each update.
fawad mehmood afridi : it is crashing everytime i play now after the update.causing alot of problems
kanhaiya jadhav : after update i cant race at all, ubisoft needs to correct this
the cousins : but the game now lagging goes to slow motion on map targets takes forever more than 10 yo 15 minutes to play sucks, please fix it galaxy note 2
alex groleau : i watched the video and the guy that got stuck xd and the game is awesome
bitan pramanik : very addictive game, can't stop playing!
12berniemac : awesome game, is as good as the first two i've played on live
kashus payne : i like that its 3d and you do missions like on xbox games
jc's rc's : great game play. a bit to much menus though. but great.
rajkumar selvaraj : super story line and graphics. game physics is good.
saurav shrestha : latests update is not working .. its being crash all the time ..
alexandre grondin : waited trials for so long on android! awesome
carl mitsch : really a well-made game. totally worth the money.
sandro stipetich godenzi : problem with sync with uplay, everything else great.
brandon wood : go to over board on the update sometimes to many additional file can sloe down some devices
serendipity : non stop force closing game.please fix this
kai the mountain bike guy : i love this game awsome graphics realy fun missions i definitly recomend this to anyone
jerome belger : just great, lots of fun.
angelo narciso : very wow ub-sift
marian : awesome, very addictive.
ashaya shakya : never been so addicted. really beautiful game. especially online mode. :)
cuanq gigabyte : i love the storyboard of this game. it's nice. i can't believe i play a game... :d
your mom's boyfriend : the new update is awsome
harshal associates : attention this game will attract you
msrgarito godoy : a bit hard but still fun
j g : is my favorite cycle game.
stefano martino mamac : this is the only game that i loved so far!..cheers!
sourabh shree nayak : new update helped
braden sleighter : it is so awsom
mohammad azam : after updating game is not opening
patric machado : the game is very cool.
james ryan : game works great on tab 4.
graeme m : great game. enough said!
brandon maclaren : very good functioning app
rinandyo hanggoro : nice... thnx for fixing the error.. great game..
alp taha aytis : i am not purchase anything
jessie vaughan : was one o ok well as soon add 68th to get the bat
avinash pawar : lovely must download guyz :*
irfan haa : how to resume my previous save game,,,
jerome davis : sounds good plays very well fun!!!!
bubba dynamite : great game and very addicting.
sean cali : totally addicted
gabriel sanhueza : definitely worth playing!!!
ana dacumos : i love it so much! !!!!!!!!!
navin m. paran : thank you fixing the update...
yola yolanda : great game..
brent gardiner : love the game.
reza lazuardi : very addict
ellis kojak : you should have it
vikram jadhav : it's a great game
arpit tandon : awesome game to play
karabo oberem : love this game
ananda arju : great game
sebastian cuadros : great game
gary eades : best in the world
rezhin sabr : thanks
colten michalec : cool game
jerome ill : cool stuff
asim zaman : really awesome
tushar kumar : cool
alexander velasquez : asome game
greg crump : soooooooo fun, not as fun as trials for the xboxn360. it is way better then then all the trials wanna be android games. controls take getting use to. harder to be precise then using a contoller
arun jeevaraj : story, gameplay, sound and visual.. balanced with online elements make it one of the best games i have played
john backer : great game im allmost finished. but i have forgotten my u-play account password so i can't transfer content to my new phone.
indra md. zain : the game crash after latest update. i am addicted to this game but i can't play it. hate this ! fix it !
yuvraj singh : this is exactly what u expect from a game made by ubisoft..great work guys..awesome game, super graphics and interesting storyline. quite addictive.
greg tonn : it is fun to play and annoyingly addictive.
james dotson : this game is fun and challenging. nice mobile. version of a wonderful unique game.
erfan nazarian : such a great game with nice graphics and amazing frame for a mobile game... hope you enjoy
ronn frani : special tricks and upgraded bike
saraphillips1956 : this game is amazing for a game on a phone. so not like anything else....
nikodemus hanwey : love it from the older version until the latest version!
joe hill : very entertaining to play and cool little storyline
muhammad ali : really good graphics really like it
mike edwards : won't even start up after newest update
3okash : very nice game .. it's great !!
nihit kumar : crashes every time
muhammad shakir : it's cool
sanju baba : the best
tim randall : when i got this game i thought the free to play model would absolutely ruin the fluid experience of previous trials games. i was amazed at how wrong i was. the pay system seems balanced enough to make the developers money, but not so intrusive to ruin the gaming experience. you only have to watch adds if you want to and the in game currency you get from it is usually worth it. the controls are as tight as you would expect from a trials game, absolutely amazing. this is by far my favorite game for droid.
shadeslayer : all i see is bad reviews...nah you're all crap. it takes skill and you need to keep upgrading your tango at the start and your jackal. in pvp look how others do it. each race against others is either your record or slightly better. its all on times and isn't fixed. therefore all you have to keep doing is beat your times. its easy as...been playing for weeks and haven't spent a penny.
shahab saeed : thought that it's just gonna be like usual bike games but it's actually way more than that. there's a very involving kind of story which just keeps me going . has bit of suspense too in it which just keeps me thinking what's gonna happen next . graphics are really good and best of all that this game doesn't drain out my battery too . in my opinion it's a good game , completely worth download , kinda good time pass too . you should really try it :)
daniel ressler : there are add ons in the game that makes it feel cheap. if you took out these micro transactions i would rate this game 5/5, but with this bs it brings the overall experience down to a 4. edit: this game is fantastic! i've realized that these iaps are only to advance the game faster, and not required to complete the game (see: pay2win.)
josh daviault : great game! hours of fun, love the story line part of it but for some reason whenever i start it it says "unfortunatly book of heroes has stopped" .. says that twice then the game works fine lol samsung galaxy s4 sgh-i337 cyanogenmod 11 - 4.4.4 nightly builds
jim goodwin : i am upgrading my review as they have fixed the issue of overly intrusive ads and i'm back to loving playing again just wish it wasn't so addictive :) levels start out pretty easy but get much harder! excellent gameplay which can be very challenging. i've spent over an hour trying to shave off just a couple of seconds sometimes. you can make it through without making purchases although they certainly help.
gaggilltron vorgog : this is a console quality game. the level and character design is top notch. many levels spread across a vast western map. which you will follow doing racing missions for a many different characters you become friends with. controls are perfect and so very very good in game graphics. love the thought and care that goes into each level. quick but very creative. try this game if you like moto sport games. or if you like western games. think any red dead fan will like this one. great game and fantastic development, some of the best on mobile games hands down.
michael donnelly : it was fun. i played this game constantly. but now i am unable to play it. it freezes up and does not load my saved game...
momon hatlei : didn't look like much but once i started playing, i was hooked! simple controls make for great somersaults. graphics were neat with stages that were easy to get through without much effort. great time waster. and the biker's groans and moans! that gets me everytime.
lyle cable : can't stop playing but wish customising wasn't just money, wish i had more freedom to make my rider & bike more my own
caleb miller : great game to play if you don't have much data. and you just want to play offline sometimes. only need to use data or wifi when upgrading the bikes make it easy to play at work on down time. with no service.
nt : it's easy to get into and the only frustrating thing is running out of fuel so you have to wait to get more
alexander mcaffee : this is almost tied with trials fusion, one my favorite games of all time. only problem is i sometimes start an event and i canr move. besides that, keep it up.
vince cronk : this is my 2nd time playing thru because a glitch occurred in the story and wouldn't let me unlock one of the bikes. i love trials, i hope they fix their crap.
nicholas brassard : great game all around, i love how they added quests progression and multiplayer to the old trials game formula. it's great and i cant stop playing :p
david greenway : this game brings exactly the same feel to it as it does on consoles. for the die hard fans of trials hd and trials fusion, this game is a must have.
michael putiri : it does have in game purchases, but i've found you don't need them to be competitive. exciting game.
talden vader : i wish there weren't any fuels but so far 5/5 stars... oh and some people have some problems on buying addons,fix their problems please..
tommy benitez : though others may complain about crashing and stuff this game takes alot of time and patience. for starters you don't have to buy anything in game, if you really want upgrades just save up your coins and gems. also be wary that you will get angry at this game i mean come on this is trials. i've finally finish game even though it was pretty easy for me. i know others will have an issue with this. the competive system is pretty good but some tracks do base off bike upgrades but this can be avoided if you actually find out the tricks that are hidden in the game. now this game isn't perfect as i make it seem. they do always advertise their "buy our bundle of gold for $5 or $50". but this is a free game so i do understand that and i do crash when i attempt to play this game offline, but this only occurs since i logged in my google account so i don't lose my game progress. anyway all and all this game is fun, rage inducing but fine. though i have finished the game i still have many side quest to do. i would ev rated this game 4 stars but i do really love this game.
wade c : great fun, but time disappears when i open the game. very well paced, even free playing. really feels like you do not have to spend money on and everything regenerates pretty quick. been a blast so far.
nathan iliffe : awesome game,don't why people moan about waiting for fuel. just get a life
angel roman : i like it alot feels just like trails, a must play if your a fan of the trials series.
jasheer ap : great graphics and beautiful narrative makes this game an wholesome experience.. cheers developers.. more thrills and twists expected!!
heath french : this game is a very good game have not had any problems with it it all.the grafics r great. the game u turn on and before u know it omg where did the time go.
jennifer robison : its a really fun game plus it always liked trials. im deadly on the xbox lol
card : rather than xbox, its free, great graphics, missions too! thi iss game is great, watch out, the controls are hard, you'll get used to them though
shane mulder : just wish u didn't have to wait so long for an upgrade. the fuel i get but not upgrades :/
jo m : great physics, neat graphics, many different maps. okay, the storyline is really weak but who cares about that in an arcade game anyway.
joao viegas : the graphics are very catchy and so far i haven't been flooded with pressure to buy in game stuff
hani al-mshaqbeh : i already downloaded the game two times and it didn't run my device is lenovo vibe z
josh viall : very addicting. yeah there's the fuel problem but... i mean in all honesty a game this addicting needs to force to stop playing to go eat, hangout with you're girlfriend, or go to work!
joe cunningham : give me an add on uplay so i can get lots of gifts and stuff. joec5000
kaleb kempster : great game, fuel refills come quick so you don't have to spend money or wait to long
adarsh sharma : can u please change the notification such that i can know when am getting a golden ticket and when am getting fuel. it will help a lot do look into it...
tre' winarski : i have yet to find any problems with this, and i hope to be able to continue to be able to play it with no problems.
alex nowakowski : uhhhhhhh this is the best trials game u can get from the play store i highly recommend it.
evin hamm : this is a really good time killer and i get bored easy. it keeps your attention pretty easy do not like the required online connection to upgrade your bike though.
b t : takes the usually boring 2d experience to the next level, really fun gameplay too.
b wenman : probably the best game i have at the moment. very addictive and doesn't seem unfair with wait times, no need to use the in app purchases.
nathan alman : started out just trying to unlock the rider suit in trials fusion on ps4 but now i'm deeeeep in this game
edward razor : this game is really awesome. i have played many of stunts game but this game has made space in my heart. really beat game have ever seen. just try it ..
dustin bly : this is one of the coolest trial games i've ever played technical but not impossible loads of fun
darko sam : this game has absolutely flawless graphics, top notch gameplay and physics, and is loaded with charm and style. superbly done.
eran akyil : great cuz the game is just like trials fusion. the game is fun you get to pay, and much more. fantastico
hairy legs : it's super fun amazing game ... everything is well thought out ... could use little more personalisation for the bikes, other than that it is awesome
nemanja bekric : good physics, great graphics lots of fun. a big minus that aacount isn't synchronized across devices.
shawn curtis : ot has a pretty intresting story line fun game play and explosions enogh said.
alexandre desrosiers : just love it ! graphics are great, storyline is immersive and music is fine. haven't experienced any issues yet, which is pretty rare for an android game these days. runs on galaxy s4. thumbs up !
woody 07 : love this game, i was dissapinted when i upgraded to an lg g3 227days ago and the game wasnt compatible, it now is, and it has restored my save from previous so i am a happy chappy
jake conover : i picked up this game one day while i was extremely bored and i've been hooked ever since. this game is full of great features and its highly addictive.
john cross : always loved it for the 360 and ps4. this version is pretty fun as well. glad it is free too. not worth a price. cos its that fun
jason lee ii : only complaint is fuel. :( but moderation is key
saarthak trivedi : they ask for coins for upgrades but u can reduce the cost with gems which aren't even hard to earn! and i love how challenging it is to beat butch
spencer medsker : this game is better than all the other trial games and the surprising thing is, its on mobile! i never knew how good a game for module could be.
brandynjeff randall : i love this game i just barely got no freezing or glitches its great
big claw : i can't really find any faults with this game, ooh faults, trials, faults, its okay. worth the download and the time put in.
robert wilson : physics spot on, graphics great, story is decent, game play is phenomenal. 5 stars all the way
mister org4ndonr : i was hoping there was a mobile game similar to the 360 edition to trials hd. this game is just as fun and challenging as the console game, has a great new multiplayer head to head.. great game console quality! highly recommended to all gamers! the only game i havent uninstalled for a year lol .. ;3 its that fun, humorous and fun exellente calliente lol
maaz shaikh : please change the icon of the game it really gives bad impression of the game's graphics...
afiq fadli : getting used to the control.. but overall its a good game
raghuveer singh : best ever game.. great graphics and difficulty levels..can't just keep hands off.
touchy trigger productions : good game, fun enough to pass time, glad there is no ads, xbox is better but for a phone game it compares.
eddy steady : great job done by ubisoft ,game runs smooth even on crap tablet and gfx are rly great.well done
mohamed hassan : have problem in connecting uplay blank page and i can't skip mission in level 10
james : this game looks and plays great, plenty of features and it's fair. i'm just a casual phone gamer and this game works perfectly for me. thanks and great job!
thatboymalle : it's so funny that i can't stop playing it the levels might be hard but it is the most fun that i've ever had in one game
tim dunn : what better combination. and it's everything you'd expect from a red lynx trials game. the controls, physics, graphics, and new upgrade system make for an all around fantastic mobile game. 2 thumbs up, and clearly 5 stars. galaxy s4
karem ahmed : too many problems since i had update the game,problem in connection and the game be too slow
ramji lal : in starting its difficult to handle bike, but as we upgrade its better and fun too. good game
debadeep chaudhury : you couldn't get a better free game from ubisoft. awesome game.
hr q : very nice time pass game with fare share of exciting moments. a must have for every android user.
allen pennington : the game is awesome just wish it didn't take so much gas for each race.
rick medina : excellent race game. not too hard to control. just like one of my xbox faves
ryan scarlett : i'm a massive fan of trials on the xbox was one of my fave arcade games of my collection and this mobile version does not disappoint
stanford family : such a good game,i love the sexy graphics but it takes such a long time for upgrades so i play it on the bus to work and the bus home!
tyler scoggins : i've had hundreds of different games from the playstore and this one is by far the best i play every chance i get
steven : this game is freaking awesome. the only thing that i would suggest is the option to use the g-sensor instead of the arrow buttons.
aaron moore : made by the same makers of the trials series on xbox arcade, puts all those imitation trials games to shame! stinks that you have to wait or pay to keep playing, however it does keep me from playing nonstop and not get anything done in life. stinkin game still has me playing daily after downloading it 4 months ago.
jahsten lacasandile : i've played through the first few levels of this game and it's great! soundtrack is awesome too, reminds me a little bit of the borderlands games or rage.
jeff edwards : just like the trials games on consoles, i can't stop playing, gotta get gold on every track! the humor of it is a bonus
callum attenborough : beautiful game and love the graphics but if you could remove fuel bar that would be brilliant.
clark amorin : but its not, great art style and gameplay.
cameron runkle : it is a great game for a slow day and it gives you some thing to do
aranzel tulio : i just started and i'm already addicted..thumbs up ubi
olly dance : perfect little game for a quick blast. beautiful graphics nice story and free! free!! download now and get your ride on.
hamody al-hilli : its a very nice game its fun and you can play with friends and upgrades your bike
lisa harrison : really enjoying this, fun and challenging. it hasn't crashed so far and isn't pushy with the in-app purchases - you can earn everything in game.
e one13 : the game is like and better than trial extreme's series. game is ultimate amazing racing game u likes it
robbie king : also the most infuriating game i've ever played, yet i keep playing.
kyle van zyl : i have never played a bike game that is this fun
mark torres : pretty hard game however very cool and addictive. well done.
a google user : bad to the a** its everything you love about trials and a storey line plus fun for hours
wilkybaby : barely and ads and it's long and keeps me busy... probably my favorite game so far
dustin kiser : great dirt bike racing game, controls are on target, fun to play, the tracks are well created with plenty of excitement :) overall the game is cool :)
alfonzo burns : it makes me laugh at the end when i wipeout especially the hammer wipeout
manish singh : the music and the game graphics are next level...the background music makes u feel that u r in a cowboy movie....a must try
zane : great graphics, no ads, good game play just one thing could you make it so we can tilt to control the bike!!!
daniel crow : just finished downloading it. so far so good.. will keep u updated.
subodh thakur : really nice with good and decent gtaphics. just game is not 3d feel in it.
alank : the game is cool,you can make cool flips and.there many roads like level1your in a cave with lavas.
jinx star : the game is amazingly good but the controls are qiuet annoying but even so this game is so awsome and i love it sooooooooo much that i could play it all day if i had to the only problem with that is that the fuel runs out quickly but like i said this game is really awsome and i can not stop playing it maybe until i die just kidding i will be to old to play childish games but for now this game is awsome i know i keep on saying that this game is awsome but it is true i can not lie you have played it so you can see my point here.
justin fraser : if you like other trail games on console you will love trails frontier.
shane white : great casual game that is perfectly balanced and it is possible to reach paid items without paying. definitely a must.
freezer roebuck : easy levels to begin with then gets crazy great game lets do this!!!!!
victor diaz : i got his game after playing it on a friend's tablet and loved it so i had to get it. amazing!
br ri : just started playing this game and i know for a fact i will be playing this game for a long time.
hzn succyduccy : it is so much fun but some times i get frustrated.it is awsome
nathan reid : if you loved the console version of trials, you'll enjoy this app game just as much.
pinaky bhadury : excellent concept and story ...flawless gameplay gurrenteed thanks a lot developer.
joshua obi : please this is a really good game just make us to be able to skip some mission's with gems!
ajie satya : i loved played this game if they don't always reconnected to uplay...
kimberly priest : this is really fun it lags sometimes but i still like it.
kevin m : i love getting blueprints and unlocking new bikes then upgrading. the game is worth it for free i recommend it if you like bike games
paul michael puno : this is a great time waster. nice graphics and it is snappy.!
nathaniel gutierrez : all you bikers out there gotta try this or youll never know what youre missing...
inzombiac : it's got everything you need to enjoy it and the graphics are smooth and beautiful
almira najwa monieza : love this game, cool grafic and nice gameplay, if you like ride motocross, you may love this haha
blake doan : probably the most in depth android game i have played. both graphics and gameplay are very impressive
olaniran toby : its beyond awesome, except you can't upgrade bikes unless you have an internet connection
robert britton : excellent game, the content is surprising and satisfying. so much to do, and i like the leaderboards. i also like that they don't try to gouge your wallet with in game purchases. this is how it's done, good job! 5 stars all the way.
kiro : the great trials game now in mobile! after months of searching for a game like trials, i found it. in order to play multiplayer aka showdown, you need a uplay account, fortunately for me i already have one. if you also have trials fusion on your account, you can also earn some great costumes. the fuel isnt really an issue for me as to some people, since i have patience. the tracks here are definitely easier than trials fusion, i would suggest go over than this game and try out other trials game.
joe enterprize : addicting, exhilarating, very fun, you'll never run out of things to do. great game ubisoft!!!
jose ramirez : it has a nice story and characters that never get boring. very good game, graphics are amazing and tracks are challenging. love this game
gabriel majan : i have fun playing this game but you have to have lots of gems to get the cool stuff though
reinis maurers : realy good. works fine on my s2plus 5.0.1 lollipop.
michael brown : great concept of the already addictive game. love the mad max feel of the graphic arts
jonathan mcdill : it's been through a lot of upgrades, and has had some growing pains. but it's working great! and hardly any adds.
anoop bhargav : brilliant, sharp graphics, realistic physics, engaging story line. can't go wrong. i wouldn't mind faster refuelling times though. give it a try!
somnus : this is on of my favorite game besides real steel champions cool graphics good controls good everything.
tyrell norton : it's pretty good haven't got any glitches yet
darohn graves : the game is so awesome ever since i downloaded it i just don't want to delete it
leviiathann : this game is freakin' awesome!!! definitely the best bike racing game in my opinion. love this game so much. so much to do and you just can't get bored of it. simply one of the best games on the play store hands down
conner powell : it's a really fun game. i wasn't sure about it at first but now i love it!!!
mk 10op : good game you guys should come out with a second one
giedrius seskev : the game is excellent in overall but.lost all my progress somehow...have been playing it for a while now. very frustrated !
gavin alsept : love this game
carlos e. rocha : nice graphics and mobility, story seems to work get you into the game, 5 stars!
charl hayward : this game so great, you get like stars and stuff and you can upgrade
ransom.r fernando : superb, very nice .can give assassins creed and watchdogs game thanks
d b : very good graphics. game play is very smooth. ubisoft always makes great games.
worm worm : love how i can get my trials fix right on my phone!
dave : a mobile game by ubisoft, this is fun. i'm sure it'll improve, too
gio : need to fix a little bit of lag but still amazing
kevin moran : this game is great. some people say you need to pay money to have fun and do well but you definitely don't, trust me i've been playing for half a year and haven't spent a dime. great story but also great multiplayer set up. definitely different from other games! if you're looking for something new to try i highly suggest this game, try it out for a couple weeks. that's what i did and i'm very happy.
elijah luamanu : this game is top notch. i love it. totally worth getting.
ricky vaughn : very addicted to it so look out junkies
steven hardin : so much fun i'm mad i can't download trails fusion tho
ashish schobe : as headed one of the best in its category including graphics, levels, gameplay and story line.
shawn thomas : honestly great game, great graphics, i played to original trials and trials evolution, sooooo awesome
jamie colfc : seems great so far but i can imagine the micro transaction scheme in the game will ruin it so far in. i would rather just pay a few quid for the game
tom tracey : this game is just amazing i can not believe the graphics it has a really good story and suitable for kids i must say download now!
djordje leverda : the leaning is awfull that should really be changed
yourinnerwolfe : can you please give us hid (controller) support? it would be really nice to play this with a controller.
eduardo oliveira : graphics, history, jogability, all perfect.
dameon nonya : i love the game,its easy,yet fun,the artwork is also pretty cool.
jurgen ong : it really remind me of motor cross back in the days!
fajar riyan : i really want to play it in pc . ubisoft please make it in pc :v
nicklas siscoe : i expected a dumb cash in but it is pretty good only thing though is that the controls are close and you should be able to use tilting to lean
desean cusic : love it and the custom paint jobs
amit nautiyal : love the game.... hate the online login thing. can't login properly.
ricky bryant : i have both trails games on 360, this is the ultimate solution for a trails fix when on the go!
shreyas dutta : whether pc game or a mobile game ubisoft never dissapoints your gaming spirit !go ahead try it !
donovan dreyer : nice the game doesnt lag .. but only running smooth
ron stepanov : stopped working after 5.0.1 update. great game and waiting for the fix.
victor coom : whenever i open the game it verifies the download then crashes can you please fix this the game is really fun
aaron williamson : awsome game had it on the tablet but got it on my phone now for when im in work so addictive!!
mohammad jabed : this game graphics is good for playing game but control system should be better.
vinayak s : fantastic game with a gud story... it has similarities with some other bike games but the ultimate story of this game is too different ...... loved it !!!!:)
vishal meena : this game in cool but the two bikers are not so interesting the more bikers get best this game
roman parra : it's a fun coll game to play dirt bikes
damien car : just like a console version but for your phone.
jason lin : has a fun story, lots of content and good racing game.
sivanaga chaitanya : good controls,good background music,and many more
chris baldwin : very cool in joy it a lot and i just started
mike : it's pretty cool but needs some improvments
consciously rude : perfect time killer. runs clean no crashes.
shbeanie : so much fun because the vast variety of levels.
brad garza : this is truly one of the best games i've played on on any of my smartphones.
george melendez : love the artwork in this game. from the rich characters to the impressive backgrounds.
qaadir atan : why i couldn't in the game
vipin shukla : this is very good game for those who love dirt bike racing.
jeanette : this game is really intertaining to me and i'm a girl.
black diamond12 : it's so fun. i really love the game
alex poza : nice game, good graphics abd excellent storylinr
ridho adam : i love this game so much. this game like answer for the gamers who wants games without connect to internet.
andi budiman : great graphic, nice ui, everything overall is good
alex rodriguez : i just wish that there wasn't a limit to the tracks you can play
napop teparagul : the usual dirt bike gameplay with more enjoyable graphics ;)
terrormaster : nice graphic! i like the story begin. yeah!
a google user : once you get the robot stage done the game stops and won't even let me load it to play again. spent at least 50 hours on the game for this @#&% !!!! what the hell ????
shon thomas : for being on a tablet and compared to other tablet motocross games, trials takes the cake!
chance potskalski : it's a fun game to thoughts how like bike games not bad just a fun game
charlton carter : loved their games on the xbox. now i can play any were.
ashar zaidi : i really like this game .. impressive gameplay n graphics ... a hard effort by developers ... keep it up
christopher jacobs : i didn't think it was going to be that god then i got addicted to it
antoine johnson : great game. you guys should consider allowing the players to wager their coins and diamonds in the bunker!
angad singh : liked very much. 1drawback is that upgradation of bikes needs net.
ruslan murguia : it's the first trials that i play and i think that i have missed a lot
rob s : and aggravating random ads after race suck
roman kharandiuk : i was looking for some "elastomania", but this game is even better!
matthew powell : this game is enough to keep me happy!
naza azim : i really like this game the graphics are great the story line and also the controls
sasquatch hart : i'm not getting my player pack...and i even have the receipt saying i bought it
cameron taylor : if you want more people to download game give them more bikes
timothy dillon : best trails game out there by far
co-asst_teguh christian : i like this game the graphic is the best hahha nice
ather hashmi : i am injoying it thx so much
_jack _ : this is the best game i have ever played
pallavi ghaisas : nice bikes and amazing tracks best android game
harsha venkat : but cant connect to uplay just solve it
z_mills _412 : best phone game ever and its so addicting
hyunsang lim : amazing graphics and simple mechanics make for an enjoyable experience
colby austin : very fun game to pass time and play with friends
leon jones : awesome game good story line do far so good
ivan zarkovic : since ive got this android phone ive only played this game frequently
curtis mare : played lots of bike games but the story was pretty entertaining
devin sands : great game played it on my iphone now note 4 and still fun
janice ramirez : is fun to play with all the bike that you can upgrade
mikhail nadysev : good looking game and surprisingly doesnt overheats my phone
maurice george : the physics are truly amazing. any upgrades and it'll be real life. love it!!
shyam charan beshra : played in all my old phone and yet now i am playing in my new phone...its just good!!!
shane palmer : the best game i have ever played on a phone
akash hait : asome graphics carry out by ubisoft
lani garrett : it is the best game ever of trails games
michiel groesbeek : big gaming companies should make more games like this
zisis stasinoulas : just perfect for passing your time when you are bored!!
tony bullony : very fun and clever. well done.
luis davila : you should play it, got better no problem it's worth it
j john : just a type of game i needed right now.
paulo rowel geroy : awesome game even though internet connection is needed. redlynx how about making a pathway to glory version for android? the ngage game is so awesome! haha.
ychanzki : impressive game. graphics are great and addictive gameplay..
robert ellis : this is the best game thus far keep it up guys
death : i like how it puts a little twist to the xbox 360 game
sunil naware : swag as crap ohhhhhh
nopal p : got my progress back..
mykyta kokariev : high quality game. really nice gameplay. everything seems to be excellent.
theofanis charalampous : one of the best motor games!
tridash srivastava : would be better if representing how much more to go in race
hatem timoo : its good game and make me need to know what the nw in race
toysoldier lp : it's a perfect pass time, and a incredible app
jeffrey nemcovsky : good game so far having fun playing it to pass the free time
donald camilleri : simple instructions, nice smooth play.
glenn dyball : fricken sweet as game .. best one i have played
clown- senok : cool game very nice. ubisoft never let me down
nico lozano : it's off the charts,so gooooooood
danilo baladad jr : love this game simple and entertaining i really love the graphics its nice so beauriful grapgics make this game good
dirk coetzee : great game it just needs "tilt control"
joseph joy : i love this game .... never git bored with it
mohit sharma : i luv this game i play this 18 hours a day its very fun toh play this game
michael acevedo : i've been enjoying the game is like joy ride but on steroids!
chris crutchfield : nice game really fun needs more bikes
terrick rogers : nice past time game but very addictive
brian guilford : very fun, a decent amount like the xbone game.
tracy dunaway : the graphics and gameplay are really good.
aman gupta : superb graphics and storyline... performance is also very good. addictive !
a google user : uplay will not connect and when i go to my uplay app it tells me i have no games downloaded to uplay fix my shiz please
clyde greer : awesome game. i love post apocalyptic games.
arun shankar : it has a nice story line too
aarush agarwal : best trial bike racing game ever.
insane h1tman : the best trials game ive ever played on the fone i love this game alot love the gigantic map gonna take a while to beat gonna be fun
firdaus s : the best i could have..
luter skendaj : great graphichs good maps great anniversary reward cant complain at all
adit ya : nice artwork, good gameplay.
brady o'brien : just what i've come to expect from this series.
ethan taylor : best game i've played in years
james jenkins : cool tracks and tricks
diddy_norasnizah abdul : great graphics,nice gameplay, keep it up guys
kristoffer cagurangan : it is not difgicult like others...
stuart hammond : just as fun as the console version a real nice addition.
christopher sands : this game is awsome my cuz was playing it u saw i said i wad going to get it and this was no mistake !!!!!!!!!
fataldragon69 : quality graphics, smooth gameplay, progressively challenging tracks with loads to unlock, upgrade & play for plus great online battles !! thanks redlynx and ubisoft......keep up the great work !!
mike gonyea : addictive racing game. awesome graphics!
emily york : couldn't be better
wallace jenkins : i play it on my phone and my tables it's a awesome game
landon : best game hands down!!
swif rehua : smooth game and graphix nice :)
steven parnell : one of my favorite dirtbike games from the play store
kamal : most amazing and complete game i played so far since i started using android 3 years ago
anthony james : mean as bro!
vishal arya : i am addicted to this game.
dimas andi : nice graphic, beyond my expectation
jack thompson : cool graphics and i can't come off it
baykt beans : download this. it's fun.
drew ison : great game..solid across the board.thanks
suraj swaroop : just loved the game.. it's really fantastic
ah jar : i really like it.great graphic , good story & nice place. thaks for that.
lawrence mate : this game has me hooked
xering sherpa : still enjoying this game later done know ehehe
yuvraj nenwani : its a great game kind of awesome for me
mohd afandi hj hanafiah : i love this game sooooo much
maria monroy : it has me playing and having fun
lacia cinnante : games awesome very fun to play
kyle zahn : a lot of fun great time killer
jeremy d : easy to follow and fun too play
sean zatorsky : finally a game that rewards you for skill
bryan mccurry : one of the best dirt bike games ever
destino joel : so much fun and the graphics are super
scott thedon : such a smooth and beautifully looking game
nate shirar : need more games like these
justin labarre : great way to pass theory time away
uvan cr7 : me and my family play this game
hari krishnan : loving it badly addicted to it
azeem azoom : amazing n addictive one of the best games i have played on android..... it is highly addictive.. the stunts combined with ghostplay is great... the global leaderboard is also an amazing feature ...i am out of words.. just try and enjoy the thrill...
sachin k mohan : different bike game,simple & good time pass.
farman khan : awesome... should have more free stuff
pieter verspeek : good graphics and nice to play! like it
tariq baloch : this is the game man! i ever saw cool superb best fantastic try it dude. you'll also love this game! b-)
armand pieterse : easy to upgrade bike and lots of missions
brandon h : can u add like watching people replay in campaign not racing their ghost and new bikes
saedus : pretty fun little number in the ranks of trial games.
ian nesbitt : super duper great. seriously.
ghayoor abbas : the very best of graphics and gameplay !!!
anthony jt : so verry nice game..
property tv : this is great game ..
ryan fonda : love the pvp action.
abhishek narayan : awsome and mind blowing and a must have game ...
javvad farooqui : very nice game. brilliant graphics
soumitra halder : simply amazing. superb physics control. lovely graphics. lots of replay value...
javier miranda : funnest game in the world!!better than racing rivals!
maison rader : this game is soo fun.
kris ohlsson : runs smooth and good gameplay. well done
muhammad firdaus : easy to play, but very entertain
kyle b : a nice spin on a standard trials game
chad preston : awesome and addicting little time killer!
svartesvan : had quite a lot of fun on this.
angie payette : cool game, love it
jeremiah johnson : what a great game.
lightning 12 : this is really an awesome game thx ubisoft
derrick h : i just love the game.i love games like these
banyawat buathong : if u looking good game for fun.this game is perfect
izak easterbrook : great when your baked!! xd
ethan mina : i like the story and especially the intro
a google user : one of the best games on mobile devices
sandy fordham : great wee game keeps me playing
kinley auguste : awesome good game play and awesome graphics
traveller blueplanet : good gameplay and excellent graphics
andreas stefanou : the best game ever on self phone
aqua plane : great game of this genre 5 stars
fred elkins : really fun
christopher carr : very challenging but fun overall
william rall : for free i think its awesome
andrew pratt : wow so much depth and gameplay is great
imranul hoque : this game is easy to enjoy and wonderful
ismail hammoud : nice graphics and gameplay
konstantin junovich : fresh playing something on mobile that requires skill
jack thelad : awesome compared to pc version
khloee lee : it us rhe best game
jason lopez : great very good game for tablets
professer holmes : self explanatory
910mo : you should download it the game awesome
jerry everhart : awesome game. make more games like this one.
micah cole : great racer. tons of fun.
capt squatchy : enjoyed the look of the toons & the "old west" theme.
darren stevens : awesome loads of fun !!!!
francisco gomez : pretty cool game to kill time
scott lowry : pretty cool game playing it heaps.
amol joshi : should play
zachary macrae : great game play and excellent graphics!
ghea pradina : awesome game, thank you
aleksandar andrejic : nice game , smooth as silk.
wiggles gaming : just started to play and it's a fun game
hussain habib : fun game with good graphics and content
edgar buchvalov : after last update, long coonections to server, not working pvp
trevor de'loach : this is a good game but, i wish you could get unlimited fuel
cameron rader : it was just like trials evolution
hypermyk : a must have app..... perfect graphics smooth as silk love it.
aman jaiswal : a well developed game...anyone should give it a try ...i loved it
junior taximaroa : its fun and enjoy playing it.
b finley : if you liked.trials on the.console or pic you will love this. it's fun.it has really good graphics. absolutely the best trials game on a phone i have played. and it's free. wow.
galaksee : very fun gameplay and storyline.
lex mason : lots of fun trials at it's best
818monte sinanyan : it's so fun and looks great
matty polton : cant stop playing it
travis bourgeois : just an awesome and addicting game to play
pavan patnaik : graphics looking good nice game
brad janak : good game reminds me of the trials game on ps4
michael davis : cool game really fun and a little challenging
sayantan dutta : great game and i am recommending to all
evilflameskull : worth your time to play
lolo hibbert : this game is triple awesome
soap bar : just a really good game
courtland standridge : fun has great grefics to
bushwooky 42o : its an awesome game
mango city16 : the real enjoyments awesome game
alex mcleod : good game fun graphics
stuart errington : not a bad game at all
alterna turb : i really addict this game
romeo ross : better than all the other
sony johansyah : like so cool the game
bogdan bancuta : great overall experience
tanvir hossain : great graphics and really love the game
niraj nagda : its really nice game
rahul manika : good graphics good game
malik salfiti : one of the best trials
mikail schmocker : i love that game
denise shankland : fun in the beginning will see how it goes
pankaj joshi : ubisoft at its best
brian carls : great game
chameera tharanga : this is it fully loaded game
ashish chauhan : really addictive game,entrtaining,fun....etc.,its everything u wish for...
deasadrava : good game! it is very exciting!
mizael robles : a great game but sometime crash
dishank jindal : must play it once.
jitender kumar : 1. awesome gameplay, 2. story is fine, 3. graphic is cool, 4. awesome maps and 5. bike physic is realistic....
edin smart : graphic this game so beautiful and no problem when play this game...hurry!! download this game fast...
william clements : long time player, am i the only one experiencing laggy races as of late?
elfred omamalin nabong : so much excite,
ajit motors : i am stucked at a level named road to ruin , i guess i completed the level but the game is not proceeding in the map ...its asking me to play showdown challenge ......please help badly .......
sagar rambhiya : will never let u put your hand's off..!!!
julian aragon : really liked it!!
dczjr : great way to waste your time
zeljko morzan : awesome gameplay. great story mode. lots of fun :-)
mark rebello : update is needed so please snd me d update
jeremy suoo : its a game that you 420 blazzin to smoke weed everyday
lee smith : great game with loads of fun
veera vasanth : super excited game i love the game
amy hallman : must download & connect to uplay
ryan duncan : this game reminds of roided out across. it goes hard
marlaw deang : great game nice physics.haha
temir krebs : great game, with a great grafics
tony peterson : what a great game. best part is you're not forced to pay money to advance levels!!!!!
miguel ramos : fun game and very addictive.
mark belton : great game. love it
timur kandaurov : just like it! thanks to developers ;)
kabul pramana : an awesome free game i've ever played...
brody mckinnon : this is a really good games i it really fun at the beginning it was a little frustrating because i couldnt upgrade my bike but then i started playing it a bit more and sure enough
santosh thiruananthalwar : hey let's get to it
devalla rakesh : hey the game is cool. but i can't connect to the uplay . can any one say why...?
tyler torres : love the game!!!
finley morgan : this is sick
peter paul basaen : recommended to all!!!
kalai thilip : woooow.just amazing. time passes well.
omar alaa : it's very addicting
roman yepishev : nice game, nice graphics
ricky e : loving it so far, hella fun and addicting
kristijan zupanic : its great :d
muhammad salem : play it u will love it....!!!!
dj revanew : all i do is play this
sandro cornecion : it's ok nice game
director gold : the coolest game ever!
abhishek : good graphics. nice gameplay.
swarndeep singh sabharwal : i just love the game.... it's easy and graphics are nice :-)
bahubali jain : supper....nice work.... aprecial if more activity map n story involved
roystin williamson : loved it!very interesting & addictive game
seema fathima : nyc game ! fun !! need more levels up ! nd extra adventures !
skateboard slim : dirt bike physics...
joseph mcdowell : it's worth it
bruce almighty : cool, keep it up guys
awang faiz jumali : hard to finish it ..
robert cullen : better than "trial extreme"
sarang morde : best way to pass time.
kingsley makutu : graphics, storyline, fluid gameplay. download this . . . like . . . now
rod bacon : the best trials game ever!
debarshi das : hmmm..... silence is approval
david escalante : love it a lot
stefano carobene : awesome, fun, addicting. hope it stays that way!
ashish pandey : awesome game.....a must play...!!!!
james robson : extremely addictive :-)
sai maadesh kumar : i wish i could give 10 stars to the game love so much,
chris brauer : entertaining & fun to play!
arjun sai : works well with my z ultra.....
alqorny uwais : this great game.. thx
rodolfo caicedo : fun and cool!
saish raut : superb graphics...
joselito quimson : nice game!!great graphics
ajie rachman mulyono : interesting to play...
blake : this game is possibly one of the best games ever made download it now!!!!!!!!!:-)
zack hughes : great game but remove the fuel feature..;-)
luis : i'm really enjoying this game
jayden smith : very fun for all people
a google user : most entertaining!!
lourino pentury : great great great! love it!
paula burger : you can get this.... its awesome!!!!
maninder singh : sirra game........loved to play....o'sum graphics
doni ferin harindra : love this game very much...
prakash jk : nice ... cool game
supriadin taoweha said : the best and very fun...
katunku otas : very nice game :-)
john mccoy : love this game so much
ken andanar : love this game..
kyi : ubisoft <3
tengkan : loving it.
theo gresse : cool game!
mostafa adel : assasin creed company ,, i like the game
gema tahmidhan : surprisingly addictive and fun!
toby holland : excellent for a free game.
2toneaj : cool
jamie-lee mann : it's a good game
zulfahmy mohd kassim : great game... good job guys
azeem haikal : smallpox epidemic of clans
nuj anropsia : addicted to this
nafiul mualimin : nice game, graphic, ui. all of them...
eduardo vencebi : super awesome game& adventures
lorne allan : it's alright
kate thomas : cool game. need more fuel!!!!!!!!!
tejveer singh rathore : very interesting game & adventures
faisal azhar : this is awesome !
alex ekoro : ubi is the besht
muhammad alim adriansyah : it's cool bro
manuel cecile : very coooool ;)
michael velasquez : i love this game!!
kuldeep soni : awesome game!!! must play!!!
maleak cotton : i really love this
saptarshi das : so interactive!
russell kastner : fun little waste of time
jay corpuz : i love this game plus i am an expert in this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!!!!!!!!#=$*&!
franklin xavier : best graphics.....
curtis tassin : it's. cool
vigneshwar gopalan : awsom graphics gameplay & bgm
quazi arman : loved it!
ananya deva : loved it!
carl bowden : got a notification to say about an easter special events but see no evidence, when is the update?
novan widjaya : great and fun game to play
alex azizoff : this game is amazing
anthony giacci : love the story
j p : a lot of fun
tridib maitra : most awesome game ever
hagen weidmann : very cool
steven lamson : awesome challenging
nauman irfan : the game is awsome
kurniawan wida : very simple and good
marwan mostafa : great game with alot of fun
jamie unsworth : very addictive
wayne stewart : fantastic and fun game
stephen booth : even without purchases
michael sylvie : this game is dope
raman singh : very nice game and storyline
janet vigil : fun challenging app
daniel jose : it is really good
joe fountain : rather fun game
rohit kharat : excellent loved it
kaleb m : the best simulation
oluwatobi onabanjo : driving is awesome in the game
a google user : love this game very much
mephistohell 17 : the best
rangga chrisna sakti : this awesome game
sumit dogra : nice game must play
garrett brady : great game
sargent pinky : addictive and fun love it
akash paul : best game ever played
matt hein : very addictive and expansive
edson dinho : really nice game
ryan cordes : trials is fun
kaymani power : the game is so cool
jonathan villa : cool game
roland brits : great game lots of fun
remson d'mello : it's awesome
bala siddartha : loved it!!!
mohammed hayath : freaking awesome!!!!!
tigran gevorgyan : very nice game)))
tetros : it's great
tom mccawley : love the game thanks
vishranth bathula : the best..
rocky abbott : love this game ....
rj b : addictive.
ariel sinforoso : cool game..
it's trasp : addictive!!
harshit srivastava : addictive!!
jamaree joseph : every thing is awesome
jose manuel alfonzo rivero : dayum son! where'd you find this?
michael gotfryd : love the graphics
the tech_ enthu : simply addictive
joy mabanag : enjoying this game
danish khan : awesome game love it
anel kukavica : great graphics
muhammad sattar khan : great game
arundina jhaty : good graphic
andrew tan : great game
edmund de chavez : cool game
sameera fernando : great animation
anoop p.g : gr8 game and loved it
emmanuel : mind blowing game
fadhzuli adam : great game
raj narula : this virson is good
alan batesmendonca : great game
ohin smith : great game
mayuresh atre : awesome game guyz
m. watson : heaps cool
agis muharyadi : great apps
gerardo ayala : addictive
martin pv : hats off
hariharan vijayakumar : pretty cool and challenging
bhramarrr amar : i love this game
rudi labu : best game in the world
wayne francis : love this game
sean sincock : love the graphics and gameplay
shah arpit : it's owsome game
austin putman : lots of fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jason finch : i thought it would just be ur average bike trial game but it has some type of... storyline?
sachin agrahari : finally found the game that i was looking for
balraj a : super game with less size
oozie reyes : must play
danish khan : nice and challenging game
dimas nugie : cool...
gauge marez : great game
rrahul sharrma : great gameplay
shiftii-_- : the game ever
afashred afa : very done ubisoft
yariv feldman : great for now
james taylor : great game
craig pictou : prety cool
stefan micic : the best
nick smith : awsome game
beverly gick : download it know
corey jackson : great game
lloyd rideout : great game
alawey alsultan : awesome graphics
eka simdutama : great game
miguel bergollo : great game
ahmed engineer : very cool
sameer n. soni : mesmerising graphics
a google user : really good
carwyn : great game
mark david : cool
devin escamilla : great game
philip turnbull : very cool
daniel bustamante : great game
tapan sharma : simply awesome
malc nick : great game
arya magindra : really enjoyed it
avinash : really good
benjamin marcell : not to bad
yousef al hashmi : addictive game
k c : great animation
rahmat baskara : awesome and addictiv
jordan yurek : its cool
zlatko mkd : great game
juan bermudez : great game
mario barisic : great game
sijo cs : awsome game
anand gulhane : good app
jay ancarana : great game
ryan pribyl : this game
tobi goods : good story
razqila sm : good app
altamash syed's : viewers have to play this game!
giannispaok4 : serius adiction guys...
gnilrets eugim : the best
dewi safitri : cool
mrjeter693 : cool
colin s : cool
levi nel : cool
uzair qureshi : owesome
amit bhattacharjee : awsmmmm
stergios bakolas : best time killer i ever had. a good game to play on the road to work or from work or when taking a break between bigger games that need longer playing times.. i have this game up there together with rayman nothing better if you looking for a game that u can play for few mins and come back later you don't have to look further. .
peyu solakov : this is one of the few games by this publisher, which is not screwed by its economics model. very nice balance for skills, competition, discovery, adventure. and hey -this game has a spirit of its own. great artwork and music, the guys also managed to put together a nice story behind the dry concept. oh, one more thing: the level designer(s) deserve an award! seriously, i hope more games like trials frontier come to the mobile world soon. thanks!
beth kishbach : works great and is a lot of fun. *update: after playing for almost a week, there are a few little things that annoy me. first, the controls sometimes randomly stop working while in the middle of a level. second, sometimes the game freezes and my whole phone shuts off, which is aggravating.
peter larson : i love how there is always something to do. its rare to get stuck and very well made. i haven't found any glitches or serious problems. an improvement though its annoying that you need wi-fi for upgrades. i can't play this in the car or on a trip for very long before needing to upgrade.
leon bounds : this is the best mobile game ever, and what's more is it's free. to be honest, there are in-game purchases but they can be easily be avoided. i want to suggest that you allow a way to restart the level and change your bike without having to exit the level and that would make the game even more perfect!
sphynx93 : pls increase the chance of getting wanted item in the loot wheel,importantly reduce the energy recharge time & increase the money we can get after playing levels....... still iam giving you five stars becoz i thrust and always have faith in you...... spent alot of money to
siavash tazari : there are other trials games on google play. they're caled trial instead of trials, cause they're from a different developer. but trials frontier is from the same developer that has made the pc/console games and this is the best trials you can get on mobile. i especially like the visual variety in this one.
ken gillespie : some tasks are impossible with beginner bikes. to hard to get blue prints for new bikes. you need to lower prices or have another special. and 95 hours to upgrade bike is just stupid.. sounds bad but i do like the game.
charles alford : being a fan of the trails games from xbox live, i was a little hesitant about a mobile version. i am pleased to say that this is an excellent game that does a fantastic job of story progression, as well as level design difficulty leveling. kudos to the design team for great level design. i look forward to your next project.
andy carney : a little complicated for a motorcycle game, but once u get the hang of it, it's quite fun
any old biscuit : brilliant spin on the action-adventure genre. it will keep you playing for days. if i could make a complaint it is that too many objectives require internet in one time.
corey brown : trials games never let me down and this is no exception. there are a few instances of the game crashing but its not that bad. its very smooth and has an amazing story to progress through. added bonus of uplay and trials fusion connectivity! great job redlynx, this is a must have!!!!
andrew leaf : as a relatively new trials player, having experience with the original version via xbox live arcade at a friends house. this is a great game.
renaldi mcjimmy : i like the simplicity.but would be awesome if i can do some more trick not just front or back flip
boredom cure : nice in every aspects. this game is worth a try. i havent found a bug so far. try not to give 1 star when your device doesnt make it good.
bundy popp : love playing it and great graphics fun game but im forced to watch annoying adverts even though i have bought content on a number of occasions. once you put money into something you shouldn't have to watch adverts any more
happy-n-deplorable c : this game was great i got really far than i made my first purchase for the game. than the next day i tried to play and the game did 3 races i was crushed bye cave and it started me all over from the beginning with no explanations. now i hate this game and wish i never wasted my time with it!!!!
kuroro lucifer : great grafic nice gameplay if only there's a sandbox track to train while waiting fuel to refill it would be great.thx
shawn anderson : one of only a few android games i can't find complaints about. a little to linear but other than that its enjoyable.
gaurang patel : the game got so good. good graphics story gameplay and much more. thank you developer/developers. keep improving.
july hernandez : i love this apps. really extream, awesome, cool games that really makes me entertaind and eats my time. you should try this great games.
tim kurteff-schatz : almost all bugs worked out! good job guys! back to being such a great game. i've been playing this for months, and still not bored. i love the fact that there is always a new and more challenging level to look forward to.
donnavan oatman : i love this game it has a reason for you to ride like the girl that's addict to candy or beating butch like i never do or the fanboy the game is great guy's
james 101 : kinda like trials fusion but no creating levels. no crazy minigames.
matt kendrick : good physics based game. in april purchases, but they r unnecessary so far...guess will just have to wait and see
iain withey : i love. this game. i play it all the time but i cant downloaad the update and its stopping me from playing the game
pants mcginty : enjoying this so far. i'm not too keen on mobile gaming and this is a little harder to control than the xbox versions but it's a lot of fun.
miguel galea : this is a very awesome game that kills time as you play it. i have just installed this game on my android as i already have it on ios. the game is very smooth and has no lag... at all. 5 stars to this
neilbert fontanosa : i like missions that the blueprints but enemy will guard's it because of butch what happens when he's bike broken small motor huh maybe it's for children's ride
joshua ellis : love the game. only issue is it randomly pauses sometimes and screws me up, and i am definitely not hitting the pause button, some kind of bug or glitch.
lee mcc : free fuel i don't agree on the 95 crystals to build a bridge happy holidays
al cuellar : after a minor issue, support was very helpful. this awesome. highly recommended! shout out to christine from support! great help!
gage b. : no issues so far on my galaxy tab 4. runs like a charm and is really fun. i would recommend this app, plus it's free.
viral bhavsar : just installed today. but no luck. will look forward for fix for this version. good luck developer team.
gabriel torres : i love games like this and i've played trial xtreme3 this is way better than that and i never played a motorcycle game like this, i luv this game
jordan alton : im completely addicted to this game its very fun a has a quirky storyline, good customization options and great controls... just as good as console trials games
amorih lifort : good game keep up the good work and one idea from me .make a new game like this but the 2 version
i feel like pablo : best game ever. yes there are micro transactions, but they aren't nearly as obnoxious as other games. 10/10 would download again
robert garcia : you guys nailed trials frontier, it's just like paying trials evolution but so much better. i love the tracks you can unlock as well as character customizations. the online pvp was such a great idea. i'm nearly a legend!
greg rusk : excellent mobile game, in both visuals and gameplay. yes, it has the typical energy limits on play, but doesn't seem too limiting. iap are present, but don't seem necessary for progression.
ron greene : great game, been playing for a month or so and i love it, but it just stopped working force closes every time i try to open it. go figure, uninstall.
stanley fransisco : no lag, gems are easy to get. although some upgrades may take hours to get on level 4.
julieanne b : this game is the best out of all the games that i have. it has great graphics and controllability and the story is amazing.
luis pina : i have always wanted for the trials version from xbox to come to the mobile platform. great graphics and a lot of fun.
prime novus : this game brings me back to the days of excitebike on nes, it has that fresh modern feel with a taste of nostalgia.
boyd bringolf : so far good, but they want you to rate pretty early.. i'm coming back later to tweak this rant!
a google user : i've been waiting for a real version of trials to come out on my phone.
joshua burton : if you love trials fusion on console, you will like this. the controls are great! also unlike console version, you can actually upgrade your bike. huge deal for me.
amber mani : runs pretty great! get uplay though, it will save you when/if the game glitches (rarely).. super fun and addicting i love this game!
abhishek abhsihek : that's great news for the first time in the game like this one is not responsible for the first time in my life
ronan cuddy : i love this game. it is great just well its great i won't mention the obvious problem but great game. 5 stars
austin nash : its a great game. also it has good graffics. so if u want a great bike racing game get this one.
dalton baker : great game but upgrade times need to either be sped up or just removed
zimateri 101 : this game is freakn awsome and get rhis game if u wnt yor mind blown =)!!!
zac hawkins : holy sheeot, guys (and gals), this is an incredible, physics-based, puzzler, racing game! much more than it seems; never judge a book by its cover, you could get lost for hours (or untill your gas tank runs out) without any pay-to-play. definitely worth a free download!
your agony : has the same feel as the retail release trials games. love it. works great on my lg g3
ingo von petersdorff : excellent mechanics, and so much detail. wish there were more free game out there like this one
corey butler : good game not what i expected (in a good way)
lyle keeney : i've had this game on my past couple of android phones & i love it's a awesome game & has a great storyline so if you like motorcycle games i'd say this is one of the best super fun game i play it every day you should try it you'll love it
kshitij tiwari : this games has become my favourite game after i got bored from my other favourites.
chris bud : works great, smooth and best graphics i've ever seen on a side scrolling bike game. i'll pay to get rid of adds...
nathan daugherty : controls aren't as good as they could be. but the game is fun
joey reimer : this game has great graphics and good gameplay. the only thing is you need internet to upgrade your bike and it is really annoying.
bonsai jez : allow us to upgrade even without internet connection
vince gonzalez : great game so far and haven't had any bugs come across yet
matt budek : this game is pretty fun and easy. if you like dirt bikes you'll like this.
josh mauseth : i haven't played a pame like this in a long time its great
elijah grimes : better than any biking game i've played yet i'd give it ten if i could.
john storey : great game...in typical ubisoft fashion they keep you entertained. great physics and graphics.
dale conway : its a sick game and i also like the one for the xbox 360
caleb l.c : this game is great so far! i never got to play it because im ps3 not xbox but yeah i really like the backround scenery the western music feeling and the funny endings awesome job!
chris carothers : the updates have greatly improved this game all around, there is always something to do now! . . . now if we could do something about lowering the cost of upgrades a bit might turn into a perfect free game
kemery007 : awesome game had it ages ago had to get it again cause no other trials game compares really.
adrien ben-duc : what an amazing game: lovely cartoon graphics such as borderlands, interesting story and addictive app'
brian casselman : i've been playing this game for 2 days and nothing but fun! i haven't found any issues and hope not to find any! to bad family guy wouldn't run this smooth! i'm staying with this game for a while! thanks for releasing a great game!
steez.mariia : great graphics dialogue and levels! definitely deserves 5 stars and sure did get them from me!
jerry watkins : good graphics, great story line, good tracks definitely worth downloading
david rowe : but can you make the money in noob levels like 1000
krissel camacho : this game is super aweeeeeeaomeee..can you adjuat the upgrade time?coz it way toooooooooo long to upgrade..but overall two thumbs up
a car de : it has a natural nice looking graphics which makes addiction
josh slade : love the game needs more to it tho bigger map bigger tracks faster upgrades more upgrades. can wait for the next update.
aurelien montmejat : runs nicely on not a crazy powerful smartphone which is nice!
timothy goh : doesnt use data when playing, only when doing upgrades.
making u cry : the game is kind of cool but the fleeps are a bit slow
arneil chua : i love it when the bike crashes..lol
david motty : really fun game. been stuck fo days.
martin hanks : awesome game ime a big trial fusion fan so this is a great game to go side by side with it.
gilberto valdivia : ubisoft did create assassins creed makes sense that this game is good 2
sean drennan : just like the console game, brilliant graphics, great all-round game.
joshua hillyard : i'm surprised how much i like this game! definitely unique for this type of game, especially for free.
technics 1210 : i play this more,than trials fusion on the 360.it's really good
mason rivera : good game but every since the 25th its been crashing wont open or the app deletes itself off my phone. its getting annoying
gareth davis : really enjoyable game, nice controls. a good port from the xbox
yvonne oliver : im a boy and it was very funny that i got shot i n the face by a bi can or something!!! lol
chris williams : its a pretty fun game. i don't have any complaints about it so far.
tautesteight : great game with awesome bike customization. if you like trials fusion then this game is for you.
xavier rios : good graphics,awesome levels,amazing illustration(if you want your mind blown get this game).
kirk espiritu : good game, it will be more better if it has more bikes :d
bima r. putra : they didn't lie, it has great graphics, funny, and of course easy to play. you won't stop playing it :)
aditya pendkalkar : games crashes on playing ads
mohd fadzli : all the details are among the best game i've ever played..i do enjoy playing this game
randy carrigan : hey people try this game and i bet you're going to like it!
michael brooks : i love this game so much! really addicting!
connor taylor : great storyline and great performance on my phone i have no slowdowns or lag while playing
colin sadler : good physics, give it a few goes before judging.
aeronj : cant think of anything better than this!
stephen d : please make this game compatible with the nexus 6. even when sideloaded, it fcs on load.
junaid zaka : great game for the time being ... runs well and looks great too
david gritten : looks nice, plays nice to. a fun game. worth the free dl
brandon farrell : great game enjoy the challenges very much andvery addictive
j lee : clean and crisp game play! pretty addicting too
passionate reviews : have all trials on my xbox 360. now i can enjoy it on my phone
mathias melenchuk : i enjoyed this game it's fun and all round great
mihai galan : i like so much to complete the bike.can be in top 10
*nuzzles u* : really good physics and really fun for trial fans
synthetic danimal 90 : enjoying it so far, good story, awesome graphics, and good controls
matt hooker : played the others on xbox live for awhile, not too bad.
caden gatlin : update is crap....won't even let me get pass the title screens without shutting down.
joah jrgensen : i just started this game and it's really fun to play. everything is just awesome about this game. i recommend to play this game.
yas : love the game but error keeps on poping for the ads
scott s : awesome free game from the guys at ubi.
chucknorris 140 : this is one of the coolest motorcycle games i've ever played :d
psychotwist 666 : missions, maps, upgrades, and trials. best trials game i've played to date. i don't find it lacking one bit.
bravo -0547 : i played this before on my dad's phone and this game is pretty cool!
willem hunter : great graphics and story cant wait to try multiplayer :d
callum rigby : this game is wonderful to pass time with and is popular as the pvp aspect of it is amazingly fast and easy to get opponents
nick radeke : since the new update it force closes right after verifying download.
marnus van wyngaard : ubisoft never disappoints been a fan since prince of persia!
hamdi zind el-hadid : very good graphics; nice controls; fun. nothing to complain about.
cynthia tremor : i like the cool bikes and the sweet names like tango and armadilo.
andrii iurin : just awsome. one of the best games on android. great looks and gameplay
steve wiser : its really fun i like the plot
centurion eagle : great game but some graphics can be improved but the game itself is amazing
storm gleeton : the best trails game on mobile ever i hope they come out with another one for free
taurean lewis : this game is awesome its very challenging and amazing
devon williams : this game is awsome good graphics good story line and its fun to play good job guys i love it im addicted
anton vodrin : lots of iap it seems but let me play for a half hour so far with no problem
pablo mori : a fantastic adaptation of an adictive pc game
wear gasm : awesome game ubisoft make great games
ethan andre : what can i say it is a great game
tiaan marais : best trail bike game played so far
didie aiman : i love this game
sachin grover : graphics are good and story line is also impressive
canukreid5 5 : the graphics are great gamplay is smooth not to hard
deondra byers : my little son he really likes this game 5 stars for this game
john brown : this is a awesome game its like the 2nd best motorcycle game
jonathan carrasco : best dirt bike game on the appstore the graphics are awesome like 3d
josinho gomes : how can i save my progress
jacob schantli : this game is so much fun! worth getting.
k.d.s gaming : this is the best adventure bike game. everyone should play it
teresie sanchez : i loved the game it is fun and controls are easy to use make more like this plz
spooksyy exe : the graphics and whole idea of the game was great and i loved the upgrades
jonathan xerri : at the moment i am playing every chance i get
k g : it is a cool game and i hope the well be more like it
david edwards : yolo play it in a life time
casey whittle : works great! have all of the trials games and this one is on part with the rest
matt lacasse : epic job red lynx this is an amazing game for on the go trials lovers... "if u like trials hd or evolution then loom no further you already found the game u were going for" and its right here
annette russell : awesome it deserves five stars you should be proud making this
godzilla rulz : graphics are great and easy controls only been playing ten minutes but love the game
faceteror ! : loveit just a little wonky on the phisics
leonidas michailidis : great game. enjoy it much. some more rewards would be great.
eric keeping : worth playing, at least at the start, didn't get far yet
chris moran : very addictive game. extremely enjoyable
a google user : i have rose through the ranos quickly an now when i go to race it says connecting to server an freezes there love the game but that is so ething that defintly needs fixed plz help
steven g. : also love playing it on the consoles.
justus kovanen : i really love it! keep up the good work!
void_kngz - : good for the first time to do you know how much else i am looking at games
santi parras : this game is by far my favorite game out of all the previous ones ive played
vincente estrada : it's a cool game can't put it down
andrew breau : love this game has a good amount of difficulty so it has a little challenge which is great, i highly recommend it
rasheed babalola jr : this app is so fun its just like trials fusion but better
lunatrix : the graphics are amazing, the bikes are awesome, and the game is perfect!
kyle garner : i've only been playing for a couple of days but the game is exactly what i was looking for. fun, addicting!!!
dow evans : i love this game. really glad i found it again.
christopher guzman : pretty good worth my time may be worth yours
exalteddream : awsome the game is so cool :)love it i love the texture
quincy albertsz : nice game. good graphics and backgrounds. lots of fun and playabilty.
a google user : this game rocks! enough said.
max 3llis : great value. great value. great game. good quality. well worth it
uriel fernandez : 10 out 10 would play again!
afro vibe : very good game.wonderful graphics and funny races.
ismael rojas : awesome so much fun!
wyatt mcmullen : fun, beautiful, and very true to its roots. a great free game!
matt vanvoorhis : phenomenal,excellent graphics,cool little story line. dev nailed it.
ash cuty : i had this game on my iphone 5 and i completed it but i still downloaded it again on my htc
rich quintana : great graphics with a real-time feel.
miguel mendez : its funny on some of the pictures at the end of a race, lol
unlimited games : amazing game if u like bike games this is your game p.s. check out my youtube channel gamingfanatics88
nawini kasni : i love this game so much
kevin curtis : awesome! just like having the full xbox version in your pocket! love it!!!
garry woods : awesome graphics cool game play great time happy happy
efe samuel igbudu : love it best game i have ever played.thanks for the game
galin serkmedziev : this game is like trails fusion, but this trails are the same.thank you for the mobile version...
mahimn bhatt : excellent graphics and good gameplay
will snowden : exactly what a mobile trials should feel like!
vicente romeo perada : good game.but why does upgrading bikes need internet connection
rusty warriner : love this game great play and fun!!
danvus : the whole game just is an awesome masterpiece of a bike game
collin jacques : a step down from trials fusion on xbox one
eric vazquez : sometimes needs interweb but it still great
kenneth schultz : one of the best games i played it is amazing
shawn price : really good but sometimes gotta wait forever
donovan williams : great game with lots of action loved it very much
jainil patel : the best bike xtreme game ever
montez ferrah : easy play entertaining alright game
zeus awakenz : play it guys its fun
king curg : absolutely love it it the best nothing wrong with it at all
zach osburn : it was fun and good story line!
ashwin somanath : revving it up like a pro in this game !!!
diced : i love this game but how long is the recharge
han burhanuddin : stunning character artwork, love this game
asish gupta : highly polished ,loving it till now
angel lagos : this is the best best game i,v pla,d
ryan springett : works and runs amazing on the m8. great game
jarobi watts : this is the best game i've played in a while
saul haataja : if unsure get it it is really fun!
artemio lopez : like the game play it and you'll like it too
tayshon ogden : okay this is like the awesomest game in the world on my tablet actually like the awesomest game on my tablet awesome! awesome so awesome! awesome so awesome! awesome!
josh arakkal : nice bike race but if this game have motion and button controls in next update will be great also the options in front view insted of side view will be also cool
jordan farrow : best phone game ever
edward bretzloff : pvp is a great addition to an already great game.
nikhil mestry : nice for time pass in office lol haha ;)
kaeljh : to good i can't explain it
jeremy m : trials has done it again.
maricho victor : oh i love it its so cool and awesome
william moon : very fun awesome adventures
dapo oyedele : great game
sykomaniax187 : best trial game on phone
ryan ayala : my cousin has this game it is exelent
darren .hall : one of the best ios games out there
karma c : this game is amazing and grahic
christopher greenlee : this game is great fun
a google user : run smoothly on my phone
connor russell smith : this game is really great i love it
baldman .89 : really enjoy playing this games!
fabiano esquivel : best game ever on the mobile so far!
justin black : this game is awesome. amazing time killer.
tiek dung kuang : a different kind of game !
alec caina : love it w/ more story in it
mario ashby : nothing bad att all
patti jo disla : this game is awsome. so far it is the best bike game i've seen. it has such great handling. it is a mix between an adventure game and a bike game. if you like adventure games with bikes than get this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! if you could reply ubisoft. i think it would be cool to add difficulties on butch
shivaprasad mundithadka : awsme game bt need more updation in levels and coustamization and also graphic level thnks for such anice game
austin moyer : this game is so fun. i can never set my phone down!!!!
mike msc : very nice graphics and fun to play.
a google user : i would recommend this to a friend.
ben kennedy : great looking game and totally fun
billy butcher : almost as good as the console versions
dante rebellion : best dirt racing game for android
ken playrkd : i like this awsome game
a google user : this game is amazing
mochamad setiawan : loved it so much
ali abbasi : a cool riding game
mikey moonflower : pretty good so far
eldritch horror : good game for anybody give it a try
alec : good graphics
justin johnson : i beat the game easy. i liked it
caleb hindman : no bugs. very fun. easy to learn.
omkar dixit : graphics are awesome as always.... ubisoft have done a gre8 job...
ralf magpayo : killing your time? then this one is for you! love i!
jason evans : still crashing after second update!! very annoying on how long upgrades take..96 hours!!!!!
jay bokhiria : must have galaxy s5 game.
gilbert silva : can you add controllers to the game? like moga or any other external controller compatibility. please and thank you.
shreyan yoge : loved it! great game by ubisoft and redlynx!
ommarsharie huston : great graphics and easy to work
piyush swami : great graphics and addictive game
gilang pratomo : good game, beautiful graphic, nice story..
proud elite99 : this reminded me of a xbox race game ........that is video game talk for this. is. awesome!!!!!
kris brock : helps me kill a lot of time
tonica mcclain : please add trials fusion to tje google play store but for free please
mohd azrin : addictive gameplay.
dragonfrost79 : graphics are great
juan alexander : so i m here... having fun so far. smooth and fun...
darian griffiths-williams : great game love it.
akash suresh kumar : racing with adventure this is a great solution.... cheers....!
jon ottenberg : great game.
devin conwell : super fun. highly recommend it.
bo nunyabeasnus : it's a cool game
mindnetic nine : very nice game, good graphics, nice game flow, i would give 10/10 if i could. soo 5/5 will have to do!.. nice work!..
x alex devil x : it's so awesome game!!!
roman oshyyko : nice work ubisoft
benjamin whitehead : do what is said and epic will be.
stiaan terblanche : awesome and really good graphics!
tsy biv : great game for passing time!
dj hubag : two thumbs up!!!
ayushi shrestha : best motocross game ever!
jens aufschniter : strangely, alot of fun!
notorious j : this game is awesome just awesome!
james white : freaking awesome! must have!
lyrik murray : its a solid as game i love it :-)
tony g : love game guys :)
arturas iljinskis : good good good... must have one
john daut : lots of fun!
angel patrick de leon jr : great game!
donny ramadiansyah : nice and not a boring game ....
marco viriel : when i play in time capsule and finish the track nothing happen where is the trials fusion?
kingson wilson : ubisoft did it again!
cj hnatiuk : this game rock
ade suryana : great game...awesome graphic! love it
dakota lopez : that's all i gotta say
luis conceicao : really good app. loads off fun ......
kino pudaite : awsome wicked sick
ric caruncho : so addictive!
m. rizki ananda : very exciting!
chrildt : great game!
davor arsic : great game!
adam gamer : great games
juan luken : just love this game
kingsveniboy : awesome gameplay 10/10
anton bykov : very challenging.
mick wasinski : finally!!!
mohammed kamal : very lovely game
joslynne blath : i love this game
kai daw22 : great game love playing it
jody darroch : friggin addictive
alexander roman : love the game
mohamed sabbah : i love this game
stoyan nexus : this game rocks
jack kane : get this game worth it
joshua sullivan : gotta love physics
max gonzalez : awsome no words
cj ocinore : this is so freaking awsome
mohamed fofanah : great game love it
jeremy christensen : yea its sweet
jesse blankinship : pretty good
cosmic luke : just download it
isaiah walls palmer : this game is awesome
skimpy shkinny : loved it so fat
jb shimz : rock on!!!!
jessica meyer : it was the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
matt harris : great game.
blazertheslayer : awesome more paints though
wilven arceo : nice,addicted
ray hatcher : its so awesome !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
robert pate : good game overall
grant ellis : so fun and free
greenbag bagman : love the game
eric coleman : great game
sandeep kashyap : addictive but love it
campbell roberts : loved the game
darren myers : really cool
kevin mogensen : heaps fun bruss
neffgamer 22 : awesome game for everyone
luis fernandez : addicting
dandre van graan : love this game
tom lipps : really fun game
jacob trew : its awesome
clifton perkins : good graphics
angus husted : addicting and fun
deon ross : great game
chris cole : love the game
fadez am : this game is cool
syed yousuf : interesting thrilling
nick pappas : great game
khoerul anam : addictive
yasmani castaner : cool graphics
dylan brooks : great story line
aaron gonzalez : the best of the best
marka tatyou : to much allright eh
mihael droz : the graphics are asi
harmandeep singh : awesome and addictive
patrick muir : great game
noufal sabu : awsome game
sinister supreme : great game
raden ismoyojati : great graphic
joshua bryant : great game
jason crawford : so addictive
badfurday 77 : great game
timothy nash : great game
gavin langford : epicly awsome
gold : cool
jose vasquez : cool is what it is
jj poston : fun and addicting
johannes sergio : great game
joshua didrichsen : great stunts
rishabh mann 007 : best of the best
carlos villegas : the best
a google user : great game
angel maldonado : it's ubisoft an sb it's
andy lopez : cool
breeze vinichayakul : cool
khairul afify daud : cool
tha_joker : cool
ernesto guerrero : cool
marton lenhardt : addictive
wesam hasan : i this game
cory mays : it's alright...
tommie thicklin : off the chain
omar ahmed : thanks for who do it
da reptile : super addicting
mark waclawec : i also have issues with gathering inverted airtime. first jump counts, everyone after that does not...except i reload on checkpoints then it works for the next-first inverted jump. really annoying. i also would have rated 5 stars but ever since the update too much problems...sad. issue fixxed and with new update 5* from my side!!
xxrandomcamperxx : i would like to see a chat feature added into the showdown gamemode. for either hilarity reasons or helping people out if they're friendly. would make the game a little more of a social experience, seeing as it'd basically be a 24 hour chatroulette.
mehrvarz yavaliollah : having a blast with this game. great core mechanics, and while a little cheesy, the story element was a welcome touch. if you were a fan of trials on console this is definitely worth the download. the f2p elements are all here, but not nearly as horrible as many other mobile games. i do wish there was a paid version that allowed me to avoid some of the "gates", but overall just a great little mobile game!
michael skiver : i love the pvp mode in the new update it is so fun and i like how it doesnt cost any fuel but it does cost tickets now i like this its so cool om how it doesnt cost fuel but it still creates sort of a "challenge" so i really like that so keep up the good work redlynx/ubisoft and i dont know if this is true it probly isnt but the person you trapped in redlynx studios is writting distress letters and i hope you let him out safely so when you do write another letter saying hes ok and we let him out safley ok
baron harkonnen : i've liked trials since it's genesis back in high school, and having played the continuing title up til now i believe it's truly one of the most remarkable in its canon.
fatani norodin : each time i download the latest content the games keep crashing. pls fix
david merifield : i want you guys to add online multyplayer and maybe i'd rate this five stars
peter marinov : after the last update it unplayable. please fix
toxictuxedo : loved it controls are way better than the xbox versions and check checkpoints can be achieved even if your over them
cory chatelain : digging on the game nice break from zombies candy snipers and all usual games not even expensive ln my opinion nice work n nice story line !!!!
duane shields : a mix between bikers and the old west. this is my idea of heaven.
naser naghavi : its really awsome, but levels & stages could be longer. thank you
blazed up gaming : armadillo and me are both flyin , great graphics and storyline yeeman
wayne : the game is now fixed and pvp is an excellent addition to an already great game.
abedlrahman namrouqa : if theres more stars i will give its not the same of all games that from this tipe
veeresh a : best graphics for a mobile and very good tracks
tom farrow : greatest bike game ever yolo and ive only just started !
marcos.g aybar de leon gabi : y love this game you should downlod
rain age : absolutely excellent.the fuel thing is annoying,but it's fine:-)
mamat zita : nice game to play..
jeff leblanc : newest version fixed lagging issue.
don dominguez : love the game smooth gameplay no lag.
chuck parmelee : great best app game but when is christmas update
g duff : very addicting. very good
brian schaecher : lots of fun. great time killer
kyle goodloe : love this game! i have the full version on ps4 and can't get enough of it! 5
saurabh sharma : good by score too.
paragon_916 : my favorite game to play
aries steiner : i played the console versions
lahori boy : brilliant graphics
keketso mosito : quite an interesting game.
john aris libiran : yeah rocks! love this game
robby arnoldi : love this kind of game
reymark manumbaga : the best application..
monish choudhari : very addictve...!!!
asad munsif khan : i love this game
paul cham : cool!!!!!
amaan hasan : best graphics
redd beard : its allright
kazwell ryan-dunbar : addictive
kiran thomas : love the game
matt : cool
manaaki taitapanui : loving this game
justin malone : i honestly expected to be disappointed. so often when a console/pc game comes out with an app tie-in, the app is an annoying counterpart, such as with gta v's ifruit app. but this takes trials and perfectly transitions it into a mobile experience. i love the rpg-esque story in between levels, and the mission system is something i feel would work great for a full blown trials sequel. initially, i just downloaded this app to help complete my fusion progression, but this app is a standalone masterpiece.
darren smith : 1.first of all it has great physics 2.second is there is alot of motorbikes 3.the costumes and paint are good with the customization but please don't make us having to sign into uplay i want to battle people like my brother so if you do this i will keep playing this astounding game
isaiah dahle : this is a great game. they finally made a trials game for mobile devices. graphics are great and i enjoy the story line. my galaxy s4 has no issues with this game and neither do i.
squanchy : great game! runs fine on htc one x, please make available for this device. i downloaded it from amazon apps but they take ages to release updates for the game.
demoneec : ubisoft, please make the game adjustable to each screen. my tablet's bottom bar can't be removed, and as a result it hides a part of the hud, such as the ''buy'' button at the outfit customization screen.
owns : if you like trials on other platforms, you'll love trials here! the 'cool down' system work similar to most other games, but if you play out right, you can play for several hours in the beginning without stop!
walid hamad : i advice u guys to play it!!
aaron ruibal : played a lot of these games and good tuning to math and physics even better is the look alike for the big lebowskis boy walter as the bad guy
long trinh : i love all the ubisoft games
stephen mills : amazing game, hours of entertainment!!
freddy medina : on a mobile platform. congrats to the team in putting the effort to create this moto masterpiece, with stunning graphics, good controls that are easy to pick up, flips, tricks and now a pvp mode!!!........... it's about to go down!!
luke tee : awesome game i love playing it.
jennifer leep : this game is a ton of fun tons of lvls
0masterwolf : really enjoyable! and entetaining
bhushan patil : nice work on the game ubi.
steven kumala : it just like in the dream racing or make me relaxe
brian tucker : all i can say is i love it
a beatz : amazing totally recomend it 5 stars:-)
arjun s : 5 stars 4 that...
gabriel barrera : cool
fr0zy ice knight : cool
dennis lavish : freaking aswome
b d : it *was* a 5-star game. just updated and now crashes when trying to connect online. not cool. samsung galaxy s5. update: uninstalled and reinstalled, working great! really well put together game!
artists daviss : only problem is when i try to share on facebook is shuts down please fix this problem
ankit aggarwal : best update ever... working absolutely fine and without lagging on my htc desire 816.. further previous crashing problems are also solved in this update... thanks....
codero johnson : it's like excitebike (nintendo) just got a out of the blue upgrade !
jordan hancock : works like the rest smooth and fun
janne lahtinen : does not work with oneplus one.
adam metts : if u have load issues like i did...just uninstall, reinstall and play until u can log into uplay(level 5 i believe)...works like a charm on my s3
thomas xavier : great game good graphics and challenging trails
paul woods : good control's good graphics (to me) i love it
justin kinsey : this game is great! it's addicting as all get out. it's also challenging unlike a lot of games on the market. it is a bit ad heavy but you get used to it and ignore the 30 second ads after every 4th or 5th race. i'm looking forward to any future games they put on the market.
derek bum : i love trials evo on the 360 and frontier is a great way for me to bring that joy onto the dusty trail with me. i'm not sure why the game has a story per we, but its no big deal. just seemed pointless. however this isn't a negative in any way. i miss the custom tracks that ego gave me, but i can forgive that simply for the fact that this is freakin trials on a tablet. great fun and a must have for any trials fan!
steve watkins : been long over due that a trials game appears on android and this lives up to all my expectations, the ads are ok and acceptable when you gain freebies for engaging them, it's a brilliant unique idea that should be kept up and endorsed by other games also. the only one critique i will give is that the ads that appear after a race randomly and not by choice are very annoying and not welcome. i really noticed that when ads are unwelcomed or engaged by choice i did not pay attention to them almost out of rebel
jacen cleveland : the best so far i think. because of limitations doesn't have the camera angles of the bigger system games, but makes up for it with a huge array of customization and bike selection. as well as having an actual storyline. a+++++
richard guernsey : the storyline and bike upgrades make it all come together. and i was asked to rate the game at a reasonable time. not like those boneheads who ask you to rate before you've even had a chance to evaluate.
mendozinio : that this game has a logical story line, and the game it self is addictive
craig fitzgerald : won't verify after update, stuck at 50% please sort it out as this is a brilliant game, just frustrating that it now won't work after update.
alex evans : not very far into the game but so far no glitches. pretty decent game tbh i likey alot
peter barretto : was awesome. d update bfr this i cud not get invert to work unless i crash everytime. dat is fixed in d latest update. but now when d slot notification comes d app crashes. otherwise d game still rocks
michael wermers : simple and responsive controls, plenty of unlockables, great graphics, and an interesting storyline make for a compellingly fun ride through trials frontier.
anthony fieldman : it's one of the best games ever played for a phone game i rate it 5 stars works great awesome
john smith : playing on a note 3, no issues.. the game runs smooth and its a lot more fun than i expected :d
craig m : i can't put my phone down. very nice graphics ill be keeping this app for a long time.
tom raver : its so fun but it has started crashing alot since last update. needs a fix
christopher owens : i tried downloading a update amd now it has stopped me playing the game. it says error 401
jared casto : a good translation of a great series onto the mobile platform. freezes from time to time but never lost saved file. commercials annoying...but it's free... so, it's great. on htc one
francis hoey : really like this game but ever since the update i can't even get into the game keeps coming up with error loading please fix, still giving a 5 star as it's a great game.
giovanni johnson : i have played every trials game since trials hd on xbox, and this is one of the best, hardest trials i've ever played.
shannon mullins : i was surprised by how much depth this game has. i love all the trials games but i wasn't sure how well the game would play on mobile devices. they found a good balance. probably the biggest surprise of the game is that it actually has a narrative. i really enjoy the old west/apocalyptic setting too.
jesse newman : this game is really good. if u have a slow phone this game will be slow. the game runs perfectly with a good phone. i have a galaxy s2
shane poole : i d-loaded this game 4 my son hunter, he is going into duke university medical center for 5-7 days for seizure testing today & he will love this app!!! can you guys recommend any others?
nazir wehbe : it keeps crashing all the time and now i can't even open the game
mabel k. : if you have a problem like a video show 30 seconds in every lap, just turn off the moble data or wi fi
keith the cat : the story. the graphics. everything! this game is probably one of the best i've stumbled on.
hunnerd : this game is by far the best motorcycle game. others are trying to have to much this one in my opinion is just right.
wajeeh khan : the perfect version of the console/pc game for mobile. cant get enough of it!!
saravanan valliappan : but after a certain mission, it is not opening now.. and it gives an error report. please fix it.
mrd : great user interface, excellent graphics and bike design. i love this game.
taylor pierce : loved the trials on xbox so i got this and it brings back memories....both good and bad lol
atanas makaveev : perfect but after the last update don't want to start and crash after the ubisoft logo!
andrew walulek : love this game never get tired of it works great on my galaxy s5
avriel kevin andhika : not like other motor games this game is not boring
sebastian ode : the sound effects is really nice ! and grapics is good too good job devs
binyamin malede : this is an amazing game it's well made and well thought and well designed amazing work 100/10
ben fairhead : love this game, i am quite willing to shell out for iaps when the game is of such quality.
bodil : this is one of the best racing game i'vs ever play in mobile. so realistic !
aristotle mercado : time passes by fast when you play this awesome game. can't get tired of it.
kallol hazarika : best game i have ever played in my android.
dan gaming : great game been looking for something like this for a long time
matthew y. : yup, fun. nothing special, but that's ok. can't all be amazing.
st ik : this trials is awesome no complaints! !
gavmillions : adds give you rewards most of the time. really long and enjoyable game.
cordelle hailey : i love this game. its so proper, keeps me occupied for days.
austin mellor : lags like most online games but its great fun easy but challenging and with a good amount of customisability
captin saoirse : good controls, nice graphics, and fun maps
dave dixon : great game to play. free app and endless levels.
daryl kimbrough : just what i been looking for this game is fun.
phil gibbon : great gameplay and graphics. infinite levels, challenging and addictive.
pratya opaspakornkit : good and easy control. upgrade combine with story system make more fun.
hello there : excellent game!! so many other game developers could learn tons from ubisoft!!!
winnie suwarni : need more control at front and backflip it a bit hard to do it and make a reduce memory usage it is too big about 250mb
abdullah hamadeh : this game is good even the the physics for the game 5 stars i can't wait for updates
the skylark : the sheer variety of content is absolutely absorbing.
phil hammond : if you like trial bike games then this one is perfect.
brad johnson : i play this all the time now.
ilya goncharov : good controls, cool graphics, worth downloading
alexander loveless : keeps unfortunately closing, report won't help, do i have to e - mail you directly, seems like a lot to play a game.....please fix
liam hunter : good game. i thought it had a lot of detail.
edrian pintucan : one on the best. play it!
graeme rutt : great fun. pay to play model not too harsh.
jamie lam : today it won't open, just keeps crashing at the ubisoft logo.
sonic_jelly0123 /aramis o_o : i love this and anybody out there that has this game should to xd
david oseth : one of the best games i have ever played.
rishav chatterjee : awesome game..great graphics!! loads of features!!the perfect game one would want!! keep it up guys! \m/
francis myko : i still love it keep up the good work
spencer lemieux : if you love trials you will love this
maria kie batac : best motor game for android i give u ten stars keep up the good work guys
werner schweidler : this is a very sexy game. xd... i'm enjoying it but i'm only at the beginning.
matthew abanes : had me flipping tables!!! epic game.
dale lear : great game cool to waste time
anthony sinwell : it is really fun to play!
thomas miles : love this series of games
criminimal j : having too much fun with this game
raymond weber : very fun just like on the xbox
joseph di pardo : it was fun but there was lag in it
john gilliam : great game loads of fun.
a google user : this is an awesome game
jonathan abish david : my personal favourite
goddess supreme kitty dominatrix : awesome, i want more candy!
vasuki baskaran : this game will not make me stop playing and i am just so addicted
bo michel : i love this game its bloody addicting
geo honsinger : addicting and fun so far!
mosses jose : it's the best bike race i ever played.....best in the world
renaud : really enjoy this game.
john sebastian : the fuel takes time but it's fun...
arewie gaming : who wan't
lee brooks : would like to know about the bunker she spoke to me a few times but it doesn't work anymore when i tap it??
c butchman : i love the game iv beaten all the others on my360 i want a second of this game for shur
carlos rosario : console quality game.great job ubisoft!
jaaziah esquibel : pretty good so far!
miguel rodrigues : adictive!
hardik verma : awesome game i love it!!!!!
digant joshi : i love this game..:)
robert reed : best trials game but when do we get a new update?
pug 106 life : nt to bad
michael harmon jr : the tango made me do 6 backflips isnt that amazing!?!?!?!?
shawn helton : awesome. very fun.
muhammad hilmi : loving it
chris wiggins : very addictive
natan veinberg : trials done right
jacob aly : just enjoy this game
helder martins : great way to kill time
riste miovski : loved it woh ooooo!??!!!!
kelle ribble : awsome!!!!!
cameron boltin : this game is so cool
dylan worley : i love this game
aaron meakin : highly enjoyable
eric prince-mason : addictive
dan hunt : realy enjoy it
fered : this game is friend
francisco herrera : live it
darian martinez : pretty cool
freshjayz : cool
juan toro pereira : cofkebsifj
drahcir ecir : asome
jamie ring : i rarely rate games but as a pro trials rider on the 360, having made many tracks and zero faulting the infamous inferno tracks - i have a lot of experience. and this version of the game does not disappoint, i now play this more than the other 3 trials titles. its got a lot of depth, loads of tracks and is very addictive. well done ubisoft :)
nick desousa : loving the fact that we are getting content updates. this is a great game for any trials fan, just understand there is no way around waiting unless you're rich. **inverted hangtime broken** it is not properly counting time and currently stuck as a result.
bob oblaw : finally able to play the game after months of useless updates. since it's working again, this game deserves a 5 star rating.
chanapat calzadilla : awesome, best app i had ever played in my entire life please i ask of you to make trial frontier, best game ever in my entire life.
justin deal : the lift with four second flip time while racing the woman is near impossible. you have to flip the directions she flips or the seconds wont count and shes alllllllllways faster. i love this game and have spent $$$ to play it but this race is broken.
gavin seefried : 30 second ads after every 2 to 3 races are the only down side of this game.
jake brown : geat game but i dont like the fact i have to wait for a day to play for 5 minutes. gets irritating
oleg zhelezniy : great physics and good to waste time here and there. can play offline so that's a huge bonus
liam booker : shame ubisoft has turned a great xbox/pc game into a money grabbing ad fest and then continue to squeeze more real money out of you to make it easyer like all mobile games have to do due to some kinda law these days. massive hint: (i started again when i found out) dont spend your diamonds on trivial candy, parts and upgrades... you will need 90 of 'em to unlock a portion of the map later on. but atleast they have included ways of getting free coins/gems/fuel by, you guessed it... watching more ads.
ron batcho : not as sensitive with touch controls but is still a good way to get a quick fix.
ivan greywood : best trials game i have ever played. cool bikes and addicting as crack. not that i've tried it but i know it's addictive
jr soto : this is this best game of motorcycles and dirt bike game's and if you guys make a part 2 i would be the most happiest kid/boy in the world
jess mills : it is addictive, but freezes occasionally. kinda frustrating. enjoy the game
yara diab : it's perfect and all, but please fix the fuel issue, it takes way to long, would definitely be the best game if there were no fuel. thanks
rick jones : plays just like trials hd for xbox just not as graphic. hope to see more things develop for this game! enjoy!
bryce hill : although it has cut out on me a few times and i've had to delete it and reinstall it i have always loved this game it's a great game it's a lot of fun i would suggest it to anyone!!!
shields-up fpv : great game! still has some bugs to work out. had to delete twice and re-download. figured out that you can log in on uplay to get your game back after you restart a new game but you have to get to the village first.
f t : i am not a fan of the genre but when the guy crashes it is amusing. :) anyways it's worth it and the quests are fun.
francis warrington : quality game has kept me busy on them times you have a spare 10 minutes which turns into half hour which turns into far too long . lol it's a great game.
dave hernandez : for some reason it doesn't accept my purchases. other than that, the game is awesome and super addicting!
jason hamill : i love the story. very well done. it keeps pulling me back in to play. exactly what you want a game to do. a quest, if you will. just be ame one of my favorites. thanks :)
doni hermawan : addicted. simpel gameplay with splendid graphic. thanks for made free amazing games.
alan chik : absolutely loved this game. excellent gameplay value and you won't get bored. doesn't force you to pay for anything (that said i've played for about a month now without paying anything)
jashan sabharwal : after i installed the update it just keeps downloading contents and does not start! i love this game. please do something about it
sam bushee : this was a really great game until it stopped letting me play,played this game for months and finally got some sweet bikes,just so i can't play any more, please fix this problem!
josh bernardo : great graphics great physics almost no glitches and awesome on the galaxy s5 no lagging no problems at all but one request please try to make the game less complicated. cool
keith milne : liked this game so much when i upgraded my phone i downloaded it again and started from the beginning.
anthony phillips : surprisingly nice to control, redlynx yet to let us down with trials. even the mobile version is good!
nathan michael espinosa : only problem not available on lg g3
cole gibbs : best game in the play store. wish it would work with my new note 4 though
joseph george : great graphics, offline play, funny/entertaining characters, hours of flips, wheelies, and spinning prize wheels!
sandeep k singha : a cool game to spend time with..except it takes a bit time for upgrading...
shamar stoute : love beat butch 3 times he sucks and i beat that girl
strawhat devon : he music and setting give it a motorbike borderlands feel.
daki man : pretty nice game but i have a little sound lag
loren frost : please help i can't stop playing!
josh michaels : just like the system platforms. awesome fun and very long lastingbgsne
ixchell martinez : it is a pretty cool game my kids love it
doof squad : love the game wish there wasant fuel time and upgrade time tho
805 locs13 : thank you for making a game like this i really enjoy playing this
tauqeer ansari : i love this game itz just an amazing game
rhianon coulson : it is a good game just go confused
srihari bharath waj : installed, uninstalled again installed, great game play.
mash ups & mixes 999freddy0 : trials on mobile. nuff said!
arman esmaeeli : if there was a local multiplayer like the trials in consoles it would be best
gary cross : addictive game built a story around the trials games and it works brilliantly
maxwell archer : the game i think is really fun!
winnersonly : really fun and addictive.
richard pride : great game.
agam zulkarnain : very nice trials game ever
daniel miller : so fun and addictive word recommend to any one
mohammed tanveer raza : loved it, but now not even game starts
yair kabakovitch : simply the best!
james foster : good time waster
soul_phoenix24 : the game is great just what to expect
yeahia mohammed : the game is higly recomended
cristofer carroll : please fill my gas! i like tacos! one more spin please!
aaron zirkle : great game, very addictive
dustin krochmalny : good mechanics and fun game play.
elijah sommerville : this game is freaking brilliant
an3micxgaming : awesome and nice graphics
ignathius landman : super cool graphics nice
jeff mallahan : super fun, cool story. classic redlynx. awesome!
mainak : game is truly awesome! no problems at all!!!
phillip raams : great game great story great graphics
michael rainwater : halloween pack it's awesome
roy gomez : the visuals are s7mply amazing.
chen li : hard but fun.
william blazejewski : really fun. runs great
taimur shad mahmood : loved the game. it is fun and addictive.
adonis reyes : .so much fun while playing the game..
tom cornford : ubisoft is amazing!
david bigelow : great game!!!!
sauptik maji : really awesome...and addicting!!!!
george kostka : one of the best!
lenovo lenovo : as some!!!
joy vincent : this game is awesome!!!!!!!
jonathan campoverde : really cool this is the real trials
haider shad : this s game is the best
roger cain : good time passer
mark officer : brilliant for phone and tablet
pillowbite z : awesome game so far
rick maher : its awesome
james griffiths : bloody marvellous
michael carter : love this game
melvin pursuit : dope really awesome
ahmad fauzie : addictive
shadowman playsgames : motox is life
duncan grace : #ilovethisgame
jatin kathuria : ubisoft nailed it.
tim hart : cool game
ross schaffner : great game
max vette : great game
a google user : great game
adam tiger : great game
alex anderson : this game is perfect for anyone looking for something worth playing. it is every bit as good, if not better, than trials fusion. the only difference being that there is no editor. however, redlynx compensated by making an overwhelmingly large career mode. anyone searching for an app worth hours of your free time, this is what you've been looking for.
charles deas : this game is way better than all the other trails games i played.. keep this up this go be the game of the year great job
brandon marcell : iv beat and concord trails hd and trails hd 2. to think this came to the moble world completely blows me away, so smooth, so much playtime, such a awesome new story idea, and completely familiar when it come to the physics, can't get much better , thumbs up creators, sincerely "the fan from day one
virat goud : game is good and nice to look at but too many bugs man. change your testers :p
dimitri remoundos : well balanced play and fun atmosphere. easy to play, difficult to master. i find myself doing tracks over and over again in order to master them and get a faster time.
spliff machine : love the game thou i cant login so it wont let me play coz the uplay tab keeps poping up but i cant even register nor log in ... super anoying
perry langley : love ubisoft games and love trials, this is a brilliant combination of mobile madness and ubisoft excellence and finesse - downloaded this again still amazing and i love it still
michael wakely : still a 5 star even though a update wiped all of my hhard work.if you are frustrated easily or got a bad ticker....love a challenge to obtain....
matt and nikki geel : i was logged into uplay, but it logged me out and blocked my account. cant connect with facebook or anything. even tryed creating a new account. please fix
jagadish puttaraj : the game's got gorgeousness graphics, well thought out storyline as well as interesting characters with actual personalities. plus it also functions as a polished rpg where advancing in the game is actually made enticing. i can't even believe that this game is free. well done ubisoft.
haven mcguire : just don't like when it pesters you for reviews, i would have given five stars anyway
christopher wade : this game is amazing on so many different levels. the graphics are really crisp, the controls work really well and are responsive, and you can play it offline, which is great for someone in a high roaming area like myself. such a great game.
cody newman : nice story driven gameplay and don't need to spend extra money to advance.
aidan : this game is really well put together, great visuals, gorgeous sound design, a really impressive overall feel
victor iturrieta gonzalez : this game is better than i expected. with great graphics and fantastic controls, the fun is easy on the eyes and hand. the music is very characteristic and the sounds are well regulated. the story is simple and fun, and the characters are full of personality. a must for racing fans.
gustavo machado : this is a must have, a well made game that sometimes doesn't even feel like a mobile game.
manterok83 : loved the console games and this is amazing. okay you have to wait to refuel sometimes but that is a mere kink in the motorcycle chain of godness
revol calle : the gameplay is very nice and runs smoothly on my galaxy light! no crashes or anything wrong with it!
jose velasquez : to bad i couldn't get my progress from my iphone when i switched to android
dez turbed : i love the upgrade system for the bike and that you don't seem to get stuck behind a pay wall.
mnogel : already love the trials series on my xbox, thank you for the free mobile game. fun stuff.
giorgio straforini : step by step to exercise your control meanwhile rekaxing and fun. nice game
joe pattavina : doesn't cost if you have the patience and is one of the more challenging games or there.
ionescu ioan : love it! highly addictive but a few problems running on my s2.
teezyred official : takes skill and patience yet fun. great way to kill time.
david barcena : great little game for android, fun silly and quality
f3ar sp3x : hwoever said this game sucks is a jurck or a faget. because this game is awesome
alexander g : the graphics are actually pretty good i'm always changing phones so the auto save feature is cool too i got to say overall it's a really fun addicting game i just want to beat butch already!
scott wheeler : latest update fixed the crashing issue on my note 3.
steven robinson : i can play this game when i am on my way home from njrotc drill practice.
mac pinto : brilliant concept, amazing graphics, although the downtime could be a little less. overall among the best games i've ever played on my phone. i'm hooked!!!
dylan muzzall : it's a great game i wish you didn't have to pay for that awesome bike tho
eli villalobos : time consuming if you get around to liking the game.
cave johnson : looks worse than the game. but the game is awesome!
mark amos : for people who enjoy the console games this is a fun game to play on your phone or tablet.
james taylor : i love this game. lots of great ad ons that dont cost an arm and a leg or money to begin with. great game!
cornholio beavis : trials with missions and story.
trevor malpede : i've played this game a lot! it is my. 2nd favorite game on the app store worth the 5
thejohnnysparx : i have been a huge fan of the series for a long time and this is a great mobile version
jonathan schmidt : great game doesn't push in game purchases so hard you can't play it.
y anditio : but the conected to u play its a bad
jesse malloch : really good game bin playin it for ages and not spent a penny deffo worth 5 stars
jacob werner : i've always been a fan of the trials games.
joseph hart : free. and no annoying ads? trials fan forever. update: now there's ads... i still love the game though.
casey kleinschmidt : super addicting! really fun, wish the levels where longer but still really fun
oldrich zajicek : i love this game and its a lot of fun! i recommend this game to anyone to download!
yacoub haltiner : this game is amazing you gotta check it out
don murray : love this game best i've ever found
battleshipp _ : it is a great vame with amazing visuals and a solid game play
avery teninty : great story line, nice acivments, cool upgrades
nisha pandya : best game under 110 mb.very good graphics
roxy : nice work on the game...its really wjat you expect on the best game developer thanks for the game
jerry rose : first android game bringing a smile and laughter on my face. awesome
tri sasmito harjono : addicted! i want go play it more and more
tom jones : pretty good like how it's got a story to it and can upgrade your bike
hanns : the game is pretty decent and i like it.keep it up ubisoft !!!
nate meyer : best game of trials i've seen besides my ps4 version
nikhil shrivastava : just like d one on pc n consoles, highly recommended
shahidul islam : i love this game. 5 star keep it up.
vitto filardich : i love the 3d view, and also the game play is very good. well done ubisoft!
neel srivastava : its like an unlimited game. i am at lvl 23 its not ending. highly addictive
louis rymer : it plays smoothly and keeps me entertained
kabelo marutle : graphics are beautiful gameplay can be improved for more tricks
nibu george : one of the best games i have ever played
louisemarlow034 : please play this game it is soooooo great xxxxxx
mat dardini : and their is a level up system its a really good game
merlin liedtke : this game is so cool with all the different missions you have to do
omar merghany : download it and you will know that it is the best
yatharth zinzuwadia : i played this crazyness before, but this update is just lovely to play
viral dhakan : awesome gameplay loved ... had a couple.issues were immediately addressed
violetserenade : i saw my dad play this so i got and i love it
dan oram : sick game boi
joshua fourie : otherwise the game is cool
tyrone minnie : addictive and worth playing, role playing is also quite cool
phillip scirrotto : def a fun mobile game! luv the trials series on the console. nice job w/mobile version devs!
raj kotak : one more addictive game by ubisoft :)
chase buzz jensen : really good game but coul you make it so we can place the buttons
jeffrey forbes : best bike game in the store . ain't no better
tyler goodwin : good game :) download it now
ruturaj rakshe : i love it, it's awesome the bikes are fast, the graphics are good, and the tracks are amazing , and from the time capsule you can travel in time with the tracks on it just keep spinning the wheel guys!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
wake girl : fun! cool bike & rider physics, runs smoothly, gorgeous graphics, & controls customizable to fit your hands. be careful if u try it tho, cuz it is crazy-addicting!
antony hurst : cool game plays really well on my s4
'dre' greyling : worth the download no problems at all
dayanand irkal : good game but it asks money to purchase to upgrade
p s : awesome the best graphics in this genre ....this deserves the rating
hiury tenfen : really, really good
radu botezatu : a great way to waste time
jamal webber : love it give more free diamonds
justin clark : playing the game for a second time it was so good
destin rohrer : super fun and really quick to master
yash bansal : amazing experince and amazing graphics
chris smith : great game, very addictive :)
mary schulte : daaaang, y'all! thisey here's a good'n! jes like the one on the xbla, but even better, in my oh so humble opiinion. sweeeet
cory mccormick : warning this game is very addicting. love it.
zeke branch : epic, please make for windows 8.1
arun vikram singh : indulging game with brilliant graphics
tanmoy roy : nothing to say about ubisoft
miles gerolamy : great time waster!
richard prianggono : very addictive and nice graphic game
chandra asian : good story, good graphics
guy booncruaphan : i'm addict to this!
ralph villalobos : good graphics too
aditya : great game
patrick hall : i love this freaking game
justin kerner : awesome game very well designed
sebastian vazquez : thank you for making this game
kashyap vyas : the best raceing games
karthikai selvan : one of the best that i have played
jack bellinger : it is the best moterbike game i have
bijoy keisham : the game is really good. it's loads of fun. however, i can't connect to u-connect or something. my internet's fine. the game is great.
nate n. paquin : awesome game to pass the time by with.
tom goldfinch : great game, very addictive
the1andonly ginga : can't get enough of trials
wainwright.photography : its trails evolution on your phone enough said.
leapy : this game is a best in ever race game
ilze gaile : force closes on startup...
steven duncan : one of my favorite games.
razvan bejan : great game.
a google user : highly addictive.
waydd rechard : not bad, better then the others..
johnny mcg : motorcycle game on a droid hands down!!!!!!
arga putradhitya : alright...
aditya r rai : the physics are just awsmm... love the comic based graphics...:-)
ray ray : give it a try!
ezequiel zaer el-ahmed florida : great game!
johny artha : runs smoothly on my lenovo s920...!
don misoles : great app, great game...
35 - digvesh solanki : game's graphic is really nice!!!!!!
henry madz : this is awesome!
lahiru delon : great game, love it
yousif motasem : loved it (^_^)
erem ehsan rishad : super gameplay..
julbert reyes : addictinggg!!! great game!!! awesome!!! 100 stars!!!
shahrizal saari : enjoy the game
henco van der walt : poeffies
chris spratley : addictive and very fun
mohammad adnan : love the story
the couch kids bella and mason : challenging and fun
ruben theron : good graphics and characters
singtel loyangl : best moto game
tomas civinelli : addictive
guyxplayz-stuff ya : best game of any game
lance cameron : really enjoy the game
joe trujillo : its the bomb
kembot kembot : thank you
sahib khan : motocross style
joe boonthanachote : this so cool
karan dhillon : so addictive o.o
droid 6745 : this game is awesome
kraken : hi very epic
victor morales : helps to pass the time
shereen kumar : new virsion is coooooooolllllll
abirami kannan : cool
supermax automation : cool graphics
jake senkiw : really good
charles glee legaspino : great game
suhayb diab : great game
vajean stan : lots of fun
the real dj skarz83 : great game
ricardo calado : very cool
gibo dee : thumbs up
joe delaware : great game
gopal lade : the champion of this game is the one who have unlocked all the 9 bikes with all their upgrades..and i am the one same like that..b-)
thatcannonguy : righteous
redrum murder : cool
david higgins : trials rocks
betty byrne : tyumbs up
rokas zaboras : asome
lucas ino : graphics are top notch, i love the style. tons of maps, bikes and upgrades. you can play it for 20 hours and still you haven't completed it. this game is free and you can purchase gold or diamonds to speed things up but you're not forced to, which is great. a lot of people are complaining about this though. saying you have to grind, which is true but look at pokemon, no one complains about that. i would recommend this game if you have decent phone.
sam m : starts slow but after an hour or so you get a bike that doesn't feel like you're riding a bowl of custard about. then it becomes really fun and feels like a proper trials game. the progression is such that you really don't feel forced to make micro-payments to progress as there's plenty of challenge by itself, money would just mean you play more but not easier or better.
logan leier : same thing happened to me as colin. love this game but just now i was playing and completed a mission and the screen went black and it restarted all my saved history. now i'm back at the beginning after playing for almost a month ! please help dev ! my u.play account is logan.leier and i would really love to keep playing but its way too much work to restart
yo h : by far the best trials game. lots of action and upgrades without the constant money grinning like most so called free games. the only issue i had was sometimes it would say no internet connection when your upgrading the bike
christopher shannon : well made and fun to play. in-app purchases are available, but not essential to progress in this free to play game - it makes a refreshing change and ultimately means i play it more as i'm not constantly harrassed; other developers take note!
ismaeel ryklief : update messed up my game can only see start screen. it won't go further than that
manish jain : after completing mud cakes app is not responding help pls yu can understand i'm way ahead and can't reinstall it
harrison gorman : only down side, there is a certain amount of games you can play, otherwise i would be playing this all day
jesus garnelo : i love this game. it is awsome and i never get bored of playing it. if you want a game thats addicting and fun then this is the game for you. age doesn't matter, i recommend this game for everyone. 5staarss
dan verge : masses of content, very slick gameplay, no bugs, good progression even without paying. shame about the amount of adverts but that's the price you pay for a free game i guess
manranjan singh : you will never get bored.. nice way of assigning mission. i like the starting theme build up..
joni mettala : great and really addicting trials game. does not require you to have friends which is really good too.
thomas flowers : this game is really fun and well put together. however, do not play this alot over a weekend or else you will develop carpal tunnel in your hands.
youssef jbili : but i hate how you need fuel to refill in order to keep playing , nonetheless it's good
george asonitis : unlike other microtransaction games, in this one ubisoft gives you what you want and more to play! fuel is always given and if you run out the waiting time is very little. you don't have to buy anything and you can get the full experience of this game.
david o'donnell : won't open, before it crashed when i tried handing in a quest now won't even open.
shea gibson : by far the best tablet game i've ever used. some of the opponents are tricky but still, a great game.
ioannis roumeliotis : awesome and addictive.. the only disadvantage is that i'd like to have more gas because its not enough for much
g muller : just started playing, very rarely rate early on but what a blast! great graphics, fantastic music and effects and making me laugh out loud...perfect combination, thanks
xander knightmare : just a few hours into this game and i can honestly say that it's easily one of the best games on android. great visuals. great sfx and bgm. great artwork. awesome physics. simply great story. and immensely addictive.
dibyajyoti rabha : this is one of the games which deserves a 5 star rating. it is a polished game that manages to deliver a fun packed ride. i love the fact that ubisoft hasn't gone too far with the in app purchases. it is a game that you can enjoy without having to burn a hole in your wallet.
loneflwolf : i love this game i don't have my xbox any longer but this sure does fill the spot a bit awesome game play and even the physics work well
shobhit k : i will just rate this game as 5 on 5. you will not be bored. ubisoft games always have some cool story in play.
kev j smith : i've played most trail biking games this up there with the best of them. the latest update is the best and as been made more addicive.
mike pheonix : a bit different and much better than other rider games out there, and you can get along fine without any in-app purchases.
gaurav sharma : it has all the elements of a great game. good progressive storyline, nice characters, surprises, lots of levels, variable difficulty, nice animation and physics. hats off to ubisoft!
adrian tyler : thoroughly entertaining and well made. there are many games like it on the market but not near as subversive and unique.
kristian chaddick : legit trials game and fast paced story line, only downfall is you can only use coins to refill gas once
neelesh jain : after so long. got a real game that is both great on story and exciting as hell. i love it. on my moto g .. works great. no lag. 5* it is
nick 705 : unlike trials xtreme that doesnt advertise as a lite this is the full game.. as far as i know doubt itll make me pay this far in
jeffrey balcaceres : everything was going well with the game, know is having a hard time to connect to uplay and is not letting me play. please assist.
fue vang : loved the game. played and got so far until i got to the part where i collect my reward from the robot then the game crashes and now i can't play it at all, it just keeps saying license failed...anyone know what's wrong?
mehdi mosavi : a lot of fun, easy to play and you don't have to pay. two thumbs up
aaron biltcliffe : so still a great game. only downfall now, is that it keeps crashing. pretty sure it's not my phone. every thing else works. fine. so i don't know. just irritating not being able to play this amazing game!!! still five stars though.
daraughn macon : it feels like trials just better and has character, would be nice if there was voice acting, still an impressive game and fun
jackson pollock : great game. has in app purchases which is the downfall of gaming these days but you don't need to buy them the game gives you enough of everything
chente jimenez : scrolled over 2,000 games settled for this one but slowly became super addicted. get it!
dima green : great visuals, excellent ui work, and plenty of things do to for free.
tom roberts : tried a few of these but this is the best. love the graphics and game play!
prpslowed : very entertaining but only bad side is the gem use, but it doesnt make the game bad :)
rene philpott : the racing is a bit slow in the beginning but i like the storyline.
joey gervais : this game is so fantastic, it's got good graphics, good game play so i rare it 5 stars
miguel leal : i love this game,it worked for a week or so then suddenly it stop.and it didn't let me play,the screen was just black...please fix
tarron robb : for everyone who has rated it 1-2 because of the money you should just do what i do and play the slots when i get home from work i make about 10000 in game currency each day and its easily getting me these upgrades i need, it does frustrate me sometimes with hard levels but you just need to uprgrade and upgrade
amrit : if you like hill climb racing you will like this even though the controls are a little more complex.
zenno obrien : forking awesome little customisable bike n all. great space filler game haha
david skeels : i'm having so much fun. i'm enjoying the graphics(surprised its soo good for a phone), the story is fun and the music is good and it's free without the harassment.for that i'm going to buy something small at least. thank you very much and very well done.
braden ours : attempting to upgrade the riptide causes my samsung galaxy s3 to freeze
bandha balu : fine game no one can't defeated ea games . developers does great work
abhishek singh chauhan : loved diz game.exellent graphics,boom sound of bike..its is superb..i must give 10 stars
alejandro cruz carranza : looks so real :) who ever is reading this, you should download this app its good a keeps you entertained. ;)
glenn porter : very fun game :d great upgrade system you've got here aswell it's so good to play and beating times on levels is good to its very well thought about game :) thanks for the fun.
marc nebel : has held my attention longer than any other game in the play store. so much production value and time in this free game. thank you!
benson mackey : amazing graphics great story line keeps you looking for more i'm very impressed with this game
mrahc : i feel like this game is the type that i could sit down and enjoy it for quite a while not as much as fifa 15 but its still addicting so check it out.
justin simpson : great game, runs smoothly, has some what of a story line, and controls are easy to operate.
gary matthews : been a great game to pass the time. iv had no problems and everything is smooth.
darren duncan : challenging but achievable without purchases. one of the better games i've tried.
hamidreza mehrfar : nice game play, i love this, thanks ubisoft for this game, best game for kill time
nathan turvey : i love free to play games and i love in app purchases i love everything about this game however i would like to know how to remove ads
radu bolboceanu : graphics, sound and music, racing gameplay are all good. no ads, a free game and tons fun!
ernesto m. : just started now cant stop playing
danny astley : completed the final a.n.b.a misson the game crashed and will now not get past the developer credits at the beginning without force closing i absolutely love this game please fix as soon as possible still 5/5 though
damon clark : very fun and challenging at times. 5 stars, highly recommended.
kyle root : definitely trials. have had any issues either.
manikumar gumpula : nice to play waiting for fuel is irritating except this everything is great
goncalo pinto : amazing game. probably the best i ever played for android. love it love it love it
jesse reed : full trials experience on mobile, microtransactions don't get in the way.
wes burris : its just like xbox. i'm already addicted.
dan mcfarlane : it is good and there are no in app purchases. good year have fun play game
pete andrews : needs an update to stop all the ads, but is fantastic and goes nicely with trails fusion.
ryan payne : played trials fusion and trials hd on the xbox. both great games and this one is definitely doing the franchise justice.
md. faisal kabir : it's exactly what we call pure fun. simply loved the gameplay.
kelsey frye : great mechanics and lots to do without having to make purchases no complaints
daniel kinsey : its fun and you dont need to buy microtransactions
charles strickland : doesn't take alit of money to be fun great game
oregon duck fan : after new update it's ...."force close,force close,force close" bunch of bullshit.
saxon meyer : great graphics no ads, really good all around!
mr. miclo437 : the game is just great it's got a good story line good upgrades and the slot machine! highly recommended
mark stevens basmayor : graphics? excellent. effects? excellent. difficulty? balance. story? excellent. stunt? make more stunts. ubisoft?. i love ur games, even in pc nd other gaming console. keep it up and god bless u all.
bonga nkomo : good looking game and the grass it is pretty cool. thumbs up.
lukas : lots of fun with this motocross style 2d style racer.
tyler harvey : so much fun vary good graphicws and what not.
white lightning : awesome game. one of the best games on android
henk kotze : simply the best fun you can have with you phone while keeping your pants on.
spencer jenkins : from what i've experienced this is a great game and it deserves 5 stars
tsvetislav petrov : evry game made from ubisoft is great nothing else to say!
boybetterknow 89 : its a good game if you love trials bike games if so this is the one for you try it and be the judge of it :-p :-p :-p :-p
prajz uchil : jet simply love it! the. best trials game till date!
kevin reich : good controls, good graphics, and physics are cool.
doc keys : fun love this game it works so far no problems
george vila : amazing fun addictive game, graphics are inovating and gameplay is awesome
carl hayland : had a lot of the trial games on the 360. thought i'd give this one a go, never fails to be amusing. will not be deleted off my phone! highly recommend!!!!
darnell donoldson : so fun best game i ever downloaded for now of course
g milne : best game i've played in a long time!
michael beierle : this game has the ruggedness of old school excite bike with technology of today
fernando salvador : top notch game would recommend to everyone
derek vz : this game is very addictive and fun
noper snoper : best moto racing game ever just butch is super hard
arthur : amazing game lots of fun u will enjoy. trust me
benjamin colwill : by far one of the more entertaining games for free on the market
marco louw : very nice game keeps me busy the whole day
callum craigie : the mechanics works so well in this game and runs smoothly
orlando perez : you will love it it good graphics too
nirvik mitter : amazingly smooth graphics. good job on the development
lawrence g : the games great on my xbox1 plus now i can play at work too
steve mills : great game runs perfect on galaxy tab 2
alexander richardson : one of ths most entertaining mobile phones games ever
dylan manggos : really sick game, it actually has a storyline which i enjoy!!
eddie h. : it is fun for those who like the trials series :)
peyton parnell : that's the coolest thing ever
apex gamma : super friggin' awesome! so much like the original console game, i love it.
nomad six : having fun with this! great graphics and great missions.
luke marshall : awesome, got addicted the moment i started playing
richard tonks : really enjoy this, hard to put down!
shelton susau : love this game,has humor,adventuer,action,all you'd want in a bike game. love it!!
cameron tura : if you just get rid of the petrol cooldown it would be the best game ever
kygod irving : fun and addicting, it has amazing graphics also!
bryce redwing : it has fun game play and has never crashed
john john : amazing gameplay and fun...excellent graphics
shayz esmail : this game is awesome its so much fun.
queenbee tatum : this us a goal d game and it has a long fun campaign with no maps that are the same so far
defunct husky : play yhis game!
luis sanchez : really well done with excellent graphics. no issues
josh coleman : stunt runner love the style need gold coins!! definitely a keeper!
abhishek suraj : great graphics great gameplay great story great game
wil hunter : awesome game can't stop playing it
jerry blankenship : very time consuming
pilotred233 : lovely creativity, good graphics
leon morrissey : top off join me ukafro88
tao burger : so worth it jews well done on making this game
taslim basei : most addictive trial game ever
tegan bennett : best dirt biking game hands down
jeffrey moss : i love the concept of it. the graphics are great! there's a lot going on that draws you in.... totally addictive!!!!! running on lg optimus f6 with android..no probe at all!!
mister mather : super fun, good to past time
vergil : awesome gameplay n everything. download
mark johnson : nice story with the game. need tilt function tho
dave chilly : awesome way to burn some time away !
benjamin rogers : this is the best android game ever!!
javan campbell : best trials ever. bravo creators bravo
g r : yes come on baby!
dlerious d : very good game, they made many good improvments
daymian tiedemann : awesome game! great control. super addictive. great graphics.
charlie tomlinson : good fun can't put it down
bipin karki : cool graphics and awesome gameplay
tom z : played this game for about a week now and im fixed
sagar tajanpure : story mode is great, amazing graphics
jayson little : just as addicting as the console versions!
dakota clark : this game is freaking awesome
david poiron : instantly reminds me of granny smith
deion anthony : this game is so addicting
kyle parker : wiked fun enjoy very much
austin potts : its fun very addicting
jorge solorzano : this game is so addictive
anna sousa : this game is awsome need to get
anthony mcloughlin : love the game so addctive
jonah winter : loved it so much
max tanzer : captures the gameplay from original games greatly
parthas0 : great game and it never crashes
jacob stephens : love this game. perfect combo
rock2 sani : i like this game awesome'
a google user : awesome graphics, awesome tracks
colin cramer : one of the funnest games i have played on my phone. very addictive!
shanabomb : can't stop playing it
tony powell : i really recommend this to anyone.
verge rafael : a must have app.
mrkarimkorek : this game make me crazy
obeyxwhiz garcia : its very enjoyable and challenging at times
brayan bennett : backup, interactive, a cool story, nice graphics, addictive, physics applied.... what can i say, just great!
roberto cortez : cool racing game
imran khan : awesome game great graphics
lezlo : my favorite handheld game
katherine a : this is such a good game
pieter talboom : best trials game yet
mr.b.l nayak : great game just love playing it
richard williams : simple bit of fun
zaeem zain : a very good game
rafael passos : very funny and has a lot of challenges. love it!!!!
vyom dave : a good game for time pass.
jeremy groves : this is a great game love it!!
barry van lingen : one of my best games ever
dennis mesa : i didn't know that this game is an excellent game!!!
andy von kanel : great adaptation to a mobile platform
xoludwin : really nice game really nice
emmanuel duah : its almost like the console version
ricardo munoz : just wow. thats all i gotta say for now but wut o
madhukar rajpange : awsome,cool,very cool i'm tejas. i'm using this account
rahul pawar : original is always the best one!!!!
daniel hawkes : great game, but uplay doesn't work.
dalton cg : really fun!
cornel m : great game...lots of fun
himanshu rawat : addiction ...must try
david alsup : love playing this game
logan barratt : i love this game!
abhijeet singh : one awesome game
alvin jordan : this game is awesome !!!
zack jandali : love the story behind it!
timothy chute : good game, worth downloading..
garrett parsons : download this game.
rully amaludin : great game!
nikola : awesome control!
walter gerard : awesome and addictive!
aaron knupp : love it... tight game ....
joel dcosta : addicted with dis game
haroon mohammed sali : amazingly awsome . luvn it !!
smiter 1983 : hilarious amounts of fun.
eric garcia : really awesome game
casey cruise : freakin awesome!!
trisha mcdonald : great game!!!
tyler christ : great graphics. challenging.
clark rudwick : very nice game ...
screamrat : nothing else to add
buterpig gaming : amzing! candy!!!!!!
tyler palmer : really good
cody craner : good games one of the best
stuje van houden : flawless on my nexus
oswald noguez : love this game loveeee it
jared figueiredo : good trials game
fairoz khan : its nice game
samuel bailey : really awesome game
raghav sharma : nice game must download
ryan alves : addictive game
nishant jayant : the colors and physics
gajendra ranganathan : good graphics
chris wooden : great for passing the miles in a semi
ivan cernjak : great game!:-)
anant kumar : addictive!!!
ryan shepherd : good game to waste time
a google user : great game.
chuffy 46 : nice wee time waster
anthony curnutt : great game
productoffailure : addictive much.....
silence 2.0 : lots of fun
hennie fourie : lots of fun
bo diddly : great little game
pouriya pahlavani : very nice game
dalton cannon : cool
sebastian .-. : i love the game
kendall reynolds : love this game
jesse rice : better than fusion
jim baker : best trials yet
grubby : wicked game
kevin kuusela : fun and amazing game
a google user : is coo
riaan retief : great game
seneca bons : omg this game is awesome
katha karthi : super game of all time
rhys palmer : can play this for hours
pugeranian : pretty good
kevin reader : soooo addictive
world of the grimsgiver : cool game
fotis fotiadis : good graphics
hype squad : great game
nick morton : great game
adarsh bhardwaj : nice one
nemmy-sys : addictive
james aw : great game
humid_slain_kit : awesome's the word !
raven campbell : hell yeahs!!! ride on cowboy!
honey goyal : awesome graphics
dayton sharp : cool
phil good : class game!!!
chesh the cat : somehow only being able to control two things (balance and acceleration) is entertaining and can make some of the later levels truly challenging, which makes overcoming them even more rewarding. the story is really a great way of incorporating upgrades and challenges. all in all, a totally solid mobile game.
james : put a lot of time into this and really enjoyed it but now it will verify all the files and crash immediately after. was hoping downloading an update would resolve it but two updates later, still crashing. still giving it 5 stars, just wish i could continue playing!
bretton stewart : when i play any race it's like i'm playing in fast forward. it's too hard to control and the timer goes way too fast, i can't even get gold metals like i used to. please look into this, and i have the xperia play 3g.
augustinas kamicaitis : has connectivity problems. takes for ever to get it recognize that you are connected. that means: 1. cant upgrade bike 2. cant use special bonus features 3. cant buy anything from the shop 4. and so on... it thinks it's connected about 25% of the time, when i'm always connected. it sees everything else, like uplay acc and google play acc for achievements. but for some reason the game it self does not connect normally. dont buy anything from the shop! it will take the money, but you wont get the items!
sean farrar : fun addicting game, i had a problem with a in app purchase not showing up and the ubisoft team quickly remedied the problem.
simon dyson : lots of longevity in this game, really fun and enjoyable. keep work update - game now keeps crashing on start up... any clues as to why or help would be great- emailed and replied in 24 hrs and fixed, thank you
nicholas burke : no matter how many times i try to sign in and connect to u play it doesn't work so when it comes down to it the mission to connect keeps coming up and i can't do it
eddyb hd : story line is really good,easy enough for a beginner and then obviously it gets harder but you'll get use to it
chris kingsley : the title screens all show up, but as soon as the town shows up, the app crashes. reinstalled many times to no avail.
ivan belchev : the game said to me that i have 2 save games and asked me to choose one (1 lvl 16 rider and 1 lvl 1 rider). after choosing the only savegame i have been playing the game tells me that my savegame was tempered with and then resets my whole progress. if i was able to give 1/2 star i would. i give a week for a solution. if none comes than i will uninstall and think twice before downloading sonething from ubisoft ever again. update: problem solved. back to 5 stars
ashu singh : while connected to uplay i was playing and suddenly all the game restarted. all bikes , coins all gone. please pass a solution.
jc ninjaj : this is by far one of the best most fun, most addictable games ever. it has everything a game should have awesome graphics, amazing story, very enjoyable and rewarding gameplay, well put together dialog, easy as controls. an insane game to play. play, explore, find, build, collect, customize, ride, flip, fly, crash, run, escape, win, lose, keep trying, medals, places, experiment, discover, meet, compete, be amazed and become amazing. this is a must have game. u have to get it no matter what. it is so addictive and so very fun. u will not want to put it down. thanks so much and very well done ubisoft!!!!! keep making those awesome games.
mababama : in game purchase not a must, upgrades, good graphics and fun gameplay make this game super awsome.
a google user : every time i open this app on a pantech burst it verifies the files but crashes after. please fix
david brockett : i'm lvl 30 and almost on their three bikes and it keeps saying unfortunately trails frontier stops this only started happening when i updated this game plzz fix
cam snyder : love the game hate all the ads. better to play on ios and not have them.
devyn theis : the trials series is a great series on the xbox and this new mobile version is just as good. you get new bikes and can upgrade them using coins and finding new parts. very good when you need to kill time.
tj ramey : the game runs smoothly and has a fair, steady system to its progression. no major bugs yet on my end. great game.
gavin collumb : it's about time a game was made that keeps you constantly trying to better yourself . great pick up and play. works brilliantly on the galaxy s5
brandon morsberger : but it is the best phone or tablet game i have played.
daniel parker : it worked fine for a while then i completed this mission and i can't even play it now.
francisco ayala : great game fun to play. i had an issue with an iap and the customer service team got back to me in a timely manner and quickly resolved my issue. 5 stars for gameplay and great customer service!
sri l : but sometimes the games lose track of progress need to sign in all the time..!
craig wong : after last update, game keeps crashing. i see all the intro logos then crashes before i get to saloon map. excellent excellent version of the console versions. yes it's difficult, but practice makes perfect. for those complaining about iaps, i haven't spent a dime and i'm level 31. patience and practice is all it takes.
william terilla : great to play when not in front of xbox for full versions. thanks ubisoft. same physics and easy play that make console versions so addictive.
nastty netti : i love this game but when it crashed i couldnt get it to load for weeks. just uninstall and log in to uplay and you can have it all back!
kevin ambruster : love the gameplay and the physics are a blast but the story gets in the way a little.
pankaj sharma : 2 times my save data is reseted. i have to play from the start. plz resolve this
adenzel : otherwise this game is one of the best of its kind.
sami aljailani : why don't u make galaxy life for android u made it for pc and itouns so i hope that u make it for android
antonio george : been playing this game for quite a while. it's gotten very challenging but is always enjoyable! excellent time killer. only complaint is that the slot machine is crazy and it sometimes resets itself before the normal 24 hour reset. not that big of a deal to me though... great game!
endrodi leslie : the rider customization could be better but over all its a fun game, and that's the way the cave crumbles.
brandon : most fun, best looking, best controlling game in the app store. free game where u really don't need to buy anything with real money ever!
sarbojit mandal : awesome awesome awesome i will tell only this for this game
justin williams : so recommended and its so fun i'm addicted to the series. thx man
vanessa jarvis : i love this game but the gas fumes don't seem to load on the bikes
robert macfadgen : the latest update fixed the blank screen now i can play a great game again.
ahmed zekry : i dont like this kind of games but this one made me fall in love with it , the graphics and the game and upgrading makes the game very good
chris awk : i'm glad that its finally available in europe
messiah braswell : if u like moto cross games play this small phones r not good for dis
matthew prall : since the last update doesn't open and can't play at all so disappointed
nile's tech vlogs : i have this game on my mi3 and works superb and really good graphics and i love every game by ubisoft rocking and great job. go ahead and make more better games
japman sahni : thought it takes time to download but its great i was getting fumbled in some lev
rishabh sharma : this game has nice graphics and full of fun. best bike game i have played on android.
daniel draper : this is by far one of the most quality mobile games i have seen in the few recent months, extremely polished, not in your face spend money. fair and worth paying for if you can afford it!
andrew wooderson : very good fun, never gets boring and runs smooth as an egg on my htc one m8.
a google user : very good trails game, very much in tune with the versions you'd find on console.
leon brodie : since the latest update the game force closes every time i try to play it.
phillip manning : im so far into the game that i dont wanna restart, but now it won't load. just crashes every time i try to play. please fix the issues! !!
ab singh : game is superb bt currently m facing issues that game is crashing constantly m trying to play it everytime on my nexus 7 ...dear concern plss resolve this issue or release a new update to fix this big or issue...
h 1 : awesome graphics and dead fun... amazing game and it's free
rory stephens : enjoying this game so far. no need to spend extra money like others to progress in game.
satya kalp : amazing game. already addicted
gojjira : i just can't stop playing
kamalesh chouhan : great game, nice graphics, lots of tracks, good updates and player freindly.. enjoying a lot. go for it
ian naven : plays really well on gtab3 . wud love 2 c on vita though
trung tran : nothing works!! game freezes at the main menu. please fix! i love your game!! edit; fixed!
edwardo real : make sure to get trial fusion for your next gen. so epic.
james fairfield : this has to be the best riding game out there, so much to do and i never feel like im stuck at any point not fast enough upgrade and zoom past butch
rainforainbow : this game is just awesome - from story, gameplay, interface, tracks and maps to cheap enough items! i just can't say anything bad for this game! the game is a must! stop reading comments and just download it, you will see for yourself!
karl beydoun : other than the in app purchases, i'm pretty happy so far
og hodges : besides customizing tracks, and the whole futuristic setting, this could be compared to trials fusion. great game!
geoffrey coolen : should be disabled for paying customers. other than that, great game!
madpete : really addictive time killer this one! and a whole lot of fun and surprisingly good graphics!
priyabrata : its really good. but it need net to upgrade bike . please fix it.
james wight : the only thing that i play
draeas : no probs so far, plays great and am enjoying it
david o callaghan : graphics r good responsive controls easy to play and good time killer!!
jacob maclean : excellent game played it for month and i am still not bored!!
alex tatakai : the game is very addicting and fun at the same time.
laurence ramsey : i used to have a crack habit, now i have trials frontier.
n k : best game on the phone. just takes to long to upgrade
pablo ramirez : very fun and similar to the original game i have played on xbox.
brandon abell : i loved the xbox games and the mobile version is just as sweet.. i highly recommend this game
pratik borkar : amazing physx, great graphics and cool stages with a taste of west.
tristan swinning : fun game. like trials games. don't like energy bar though. still fun though.
christy carreiro : it's really fun, they give you a story line to follow. that i like.
rafael elvira : if this is not a good game .i dont know what it is best game ever
ben thomson : fun game prefer controls for lean as you can play laying down.
ravi jain : it a very cool game i u download it u goona mad & fan of this game
patanjali p : update quickly please ... the iphone version has new tracks now
evan burns : really good game i think u shud download it !! ;)
luqman hakeem fadzullah : it is awesome its like trials fusion but at an older age
juan pierre bezuidenhout : 5 star coding is right no glitchs
hassan rajab : some in game purchases but pretty gd
chase lachlan smith : i just think it a great game
peter murdoch : the most brilliant game i have ever played
owen howe : as good as evolution but should have track builder
cody anderson : just like any other trials game but cartoony and easy to understand
jono naidoo : really good game. enjoy the physics alot
kyle carter : if you say this game sucks, you suck.
jeffrey jonas : thank you for fixing the bug now you get five stars
a google user : love it! good storyline and better riding action.
jonas barnhart : love this game only problem i have now when i play for a while then come back to it freeze have to force stop to play again
mohsan shafiq : this is love,and life,and other lovey stuffs
steve gregory : thanks guys. love playing. works perfectly now
tristan harvey : best trails game i've played
glenn crooks : this is such an awesome game and love the story. .
jason cole : i love this game. goats great time flier.
dusko stanisic : i'm chuck norris and i approve this game.
steven armenta : just don't like it when it lags a little.
josh runion : awesome game, highly addictive.
tricia hudema : it's a mix of excitement and action.
david muro gallardo : fun side-scrolling bike racing game.
jonah d : it's an awesome port
mahdi chowdhury : great game play and breathtaking graphics and great physics.. what else would you want?
ian skeptic : like the title says 100000/10
tom burns : great game love all trial titles from redlynx
ashton brown : best game in the united states sooooooooooo awesome
marshall johnson : its fun and has a good campaign
ray stewart : another awesome game by ubisoft extreemly awesome
mustafa kamil : finaly trials for the smartphone , it is just beautiful i love everything about it .
samuel gaston : like the xbox arcade game. controls are easy
yoav garibi : i really enjoy this game!
george lubambo : nice graffics incredible story to follow
j.f. de beer : cool graphics awesome misions and fun
renegade viking : wonderful time suck
nathan biggs : this game is soo fun
timothy bench : i love playing the trials games
alex rising force : the best motocross game ever
cosmin acatrinei : i lost all my progress this morning. any way i can retrieve it, ubisoft?
yuvraj anand : amazing games... grips you to the core
hankam yimchung : great graphics. altogether great game.
tyler joslin : love it. easy 5 star.
jan-lourens van der merwe : how do you improve on an awesome franchise like trials? this is how!!
sam nixon : this is a great game with decent graphics and the physics of the game are great.
ody oktavian : it addictive.
bhaskar sarma : graphics ,,and the game missns ,race ..just i love it ...very nice game...all can try dis game ..
wyatt toll : game is perfect. love the story
erobuns : love it simply love this game
pacific psycho : it is so awsome
alex olsen : it is simplie an epic game
steve white : awsome game just awsome
youssef : oh sweet trials oh
tom clark : yeah pretty good game
unclefrank666 : love this game absolutely brilliant.
rifat un nabi : so far... really enjoying the gameplay. welldone devs! keep up the good work... and by the way, can you guys please use more colour than red?!
carl anthony delos angeles : addicting haha wish there will be an update soon..
ferenc vacha : awesome game, perfect time killer!:))
josh hartwig : i love the game!! but be careful it can be addictive!! no problems with the game.
alexandru mara : rwally worth to play game!
chaddy chadwick : fantastic game so addictive :-) love it
deepak kandarpa : never seen a game like this
adithya raharjo : new to the game, loved it
chris kunze : can't get enough of it
george gregory : very good, love this series
uchil : brofist!
andri djuanda sunary : very addictive, keep up the good job guys !!!
karim garciayala : i would rather play this game than play with my cock
pangki dharmadi : great game... i can't stop playing this game...
braindull stand : this game makes me angrily hate myself, i love it!!!
ghostdawg247 : 5* game. great graphics, it even has a little story line....
kenneth palec : it works and it's fun
yigit pense : 5 stars love it.
jared everett : lost my girlfriend to this game. 11/10 would lose girlfriend again.
jason muyon : i love this s#*t
dan ovidiu-catalin : nice gameplay... good graphics... i expect for more games like this
bhanu prasad : gameplay and graphics are great...
no you : great game highly addictive
mike banks : awesomeness! good job team!
saad zafar : my savw game back.. yyeeeesss.... great game
emrah celik : i like playin the game. thanx a lot...
nguyen manh ha : this game is fantastical
op tacticz : don't like it but i am giving because it is ubisoft
antti piironen : loads of fun!
jeff wong : black screen
ranko puz : nice graphics, smooth gameplay...
jer w. : this game is so fun!
itsmoonshot01 : this game is way too addicting, cant put it down!!
blake allen : and free.
cathair ward : good!!!game people
tzuby tj : great gameplay & graphic
swapnil jadhav : very addictive....
kaushik nadig : really fun game!
gordon hardman : haveing so much fun!!!!!!!!!
hidden masterzz : lots of fun.. great game.. love trials..
nithin : please download it. asap!
sai ram : loved it. amazing graphics
saad khan : absolutely love it!!
vijesh v : addictive is the word.
troy sawh : addictive and hilarious.
mirko kretschmann : fun playing it .
ross ansbro : love it been playing for ages now it won't load lost everything???????????? sick as #@?!
dani missang : amazing and addictive game. just love it....
o. m. : title says it all
akash kalarikkal anoopkumar : cool graphics...
rohit mishra : really nice game ..
ivars samlajs : its the best motorbike game ever !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
aashay amballi : this one is excellent...
anjola akeju : vhbyvgv,can i go play now? ';-)
petr sson : very nice graphics
bijitesh : awesome game from ubisoft
gamer freak123 : so addicting and awesome
osian pritchard : fantastic game and fantastic graphics
muhammad nazri amsyar bin azrul : thanks again for the first time
mohamed wael : i love this game
d_falcon 313 : cool game with good graphics
leyton harvey piggins : it is awsome
joseph kimmett : good fun graphics
devin darnell : really enjoy the gamplay
performance & customs : love the game works great
a google user : really good.
kuyukot ako : i love this game
danielle brian caringal : yeah this cool..
william argiyanta : nice game play and graphics
b nosike : favorite game on tablet
bryce wright : so addicting
will ryan : great game
jim jackson : pretty cool
bupposo : this game is fun
bhavin soni : very cool
joe cole : this game rocks
to la : i regrate nothing !!!
wm32767 : really like this
luke eastham : great game
libby johnson : great game
pratik naik : simply addictive
steve smith : great game
din o : nice graphic
william simer : really fun
chathisha wanigasinghe : great game
terence vanmierlo : love the game
merigot gueu : awesomely the bomb
alexandru andrei : crashes
dominic gosnold : addictive
sir theodore : cool
ciprian luncan : cool
harsh parashar : the game is started from the beginning and even i m logged in to uplay and google play.. still i dont have my save games.. please do something....
blazer aj : brofist
chad davis : please
shady : the shiz
damian thomas hodgson-love : been playing for a while and really enjoy every second. only downfall i can think of is waiting for your fuel but that's only because i always want to play. i even bought a pack to support the developers. keep it up guys an amazing game.
chris ronan : great purely fun and silly game but with good controls and very challenging. you'll love it.
jimmy beliard : i've been playing this game on a daily basis for over two weeks now and it doesn't get boring at all. love it.
bail ness : i love this game but all of a sudden the game crashes every time i select it, no loading screen or anything.
benjamin holmes : fun to play, great graphics, perfect difficulty. just another game where you run out of fuel and have to wait or pay. i hate all those style games.
levent pekcan : great game, but on tablets with high res screens (2560x1440 etc.) the upgrade shop has visual glitches. nothing game-stopping, but needs to be fixed.
andras zoltan : have been playing trials since the java/miniclip days. the mechanics of this are spot on, the levels are very good, and i love the ghost racing. excellent stuff.
robert silverlock : loved the game got far then tried to collect a reward then crashed now won't load up past ubisoft logo not happy
jeff allard : latest upgrade took a dump... now it suddenly works great again. downside... it rebooted my whole game back to beginning.
arturs ivanovs : i have problems with connection , every time when i connect to the games, it's just stop working . fix please
stgablaze nye : update for lg g2 would be nice. won't load. i have to delete and 're download to play it
jason melton : trials on moblie best thing that has ever happen to your phone or tablet!
robert strudwick : always loved trails there the most annoying but challenging games
jacob cleland : please allow an in game purchase to remove ads. 5 stars when you do this. i bought the 2.99 bike thinking it may remove the video ads, but it did not. also my own music can't play along with the game at the same time on my nexus 5 running 4.4.2.
rob walsh : great free game. offers iap but aren't required or pushed.
popescunicu : but i got stuck with game restart when i completed a mission with that robot biker
barnukem : great game, only got to unlock outfit in trials fusion but it's a lot of fun.
brandon payne : works great on my nexus 7, s5 and my pro note. even my 1 yo plays it.
benjamin williams : brilliant game basically a mini version of the trials on xbox for mobile brilliant graphics too, and addictive.
moose meat man 306 : only thing i wish was unlimited fuel!
chingken : i can't be more excited about this game its so cool
david sauer : heaps of fun and don't need to spend money to progress. good time killer.
alan gegax : hard to believe this is a free game.
stu w : smooth game play great looks and amazingly challenging. luv it!
mario morales : this game is awesome. glad they decided to make an official trials game.
mystik viper : this game is exactly like all the other trials but with upgrades and a story line!!!
bod johnson : used to play trials hd. same devs. awsome
nathan tiutczenko : game is awesome all around it has awesome graphics and is very fun and addicting! i love it!!
matt webster : very good game. great graphic. best moto physics game for android
ravi jadhav : nice game to play with good graphics and yes that music is awesome man...really like it so much
jake weeks : really good game to play and the gas comes in really quickly!
francis swamy : please fix
bejoy joseph : its a fun game to play and very fast and smooth on my mtk phone
jack buckner : i love this game as far as free games go this one is great
mama bear : i love this game.. best one yet. the only problem is... i can't play it!! please fix this.
yashas khot : awesome game. really addictive. good work guys :)
garett gibson : very enjoyable free game. can't go wrong with trials.
max stayman : one of my favorite games on the store, keep it up
yosef goldstein : thay need mor games like this
evan downes : really fun and great for passing the time
abdul rehman : i love it soooooo much
rony mathews : absolutely loving it...though fuel is sometimes irritating...
alex dalrymple : since your update it doesn't run on my lg g2.
fre0n x : makes me want a bluetooth controller
konstantin dobryden : great graphics, nice time killer
devon castro : best free game out there
b c : great racing game
michael noel : what can i say
winston brackley : addictive and lots of fun!
rigel barote : cool game with good graphics.
vhxpnotix69 : its beast
arran barrow : cool physics!!
samuel aronov : some missions like connect to uplay suck because it hard and it just dum please make a update to get rid of that mission please.
manwinder singh : nice as always ubisoft.....thanks
ian harvie : cant stop playin
andi kharisma : this is so good
mihael mergole : great little game
isaiah lerma : cool
adi miron : have to play
msfletcher roni : this is the ish
eric philleo : i've been playing this game regularly and have loved it. controls well and progresses pretty well even without spending money on premium currency. thankfully the 7/14 update fixed the pervious issues. you may need to sign back in with uplay. be sure to download your save from the server so you don't lose your progress.
aaron march : ...lately theres been issues on certain tracks. what occurs is during the race the frame rate drastically changes between half as fast to 2 or 3 times as fast, making it almost impossible to play, thus one has to force close the game and you lose the fuel you had. please sort this out as it is a great game. also i've made a few purchases and i honestly expected to have no ads.
ionut daud : i played this game a lot, i even buyer a few times gems and coins, but since today i cannot play it anymore. in any race i try to compete, it starts but it won't let me move. when i press "forward" the engine starts but the bike doesn't move. not even leaning or anything else, but after i exit the race, i see that i consumed fuel for that race. i tried to reinstall it but after the tutorial missions, still the same problem.
richard : i love the trials games and recently learned that i could play them on my phone. i've been playing this game for a while now, and the only thing different from the pc versions is "fuel" (like energy). in a way i like it because it limits my gameplay, but its a hate/love relationship. other than that this game is fun and worth a download.
jared spielsinger : and i don't get stuck at all... very occasionally, in the more advanced races, i need to wait for a refuel and hunt for parts to complete an extra upgrade or two, but that's actually a nice challenge with this game. very addicting, yet with the refuel system, it gives you the needed break to get stuff done and/or let your device charge.
matt boyle : update has fixed the crash after signing into uplay. i love this game, despite the obtrusive, annoying ads. you can always mute them and put the phone down for 30 seconds, the game warrants playing regardless. it is annoying that you still get them even after you've actually spent some money in the game. still, i'm glad its fixed again.
eric schaller : game is very fun, good clean lines and colors for grahics and characters have neat little stories and challenges to acquire things, can't wait to try the next bike. as with the challenges i have been promted twice now to connect to uplay and nothing happens when i click accept, the pop-up box just disappears, please fix, or make them aware of this very annoying problem. stuck from progressing in the game so i can't get the second bike
stewart mcintosh : this game is almost faultless, everything about it is what you need in a motorbike bike game with a decent storyline/constant guideline. the only thing i can dissagree with is that you eventually run out of pectoral whitch limits your gameplay time on this for a short while. i have seriously because addicted to this xd download biattcchheeeesss
a google user : i love everything about this game despite all the iap junk, the ads can get a bit annoying at times. but i can't stop playing this game in spurts. just wish they would add bolt package rewards from the slot machine. also wish the bare minimum amount of gems and coins went up more as you get to higher levels and not just the special coin packs.
tusina immonen : the last update fixed what used to be graphics slowing way down in swamp levels. now it's not slow, it's first a bit slow then too fast then slow again and so on. hard to steer, impossible to beat an opponent. so that means i'm stuck with missions. which potentially means one less player. too bad. good game.
max cherry : game is good but can't advance past certain missions making it impossible to move on in the story line. some maps are very hard to finish all by themselves without having to beat an opponent at the same time, either make the map a but easier or rid the opponent but both is killer
jacob wlochowski : despite the lack of track editing frontier offers a lot of entertainment. the one thing that makes this game unique and stand out from the rest is the selection of bikes. bikes are broken down into 3 types (balance, agility, speed) as well as 3 tiers. all 9 of these bikes are upgradable & customizable with cool paint jobs and tons of performance mods. with these options, new levels of competition arise which fuels the desire to shave every possible second off your run.
adrian knight : having played red lynx' efforts on pc, i had a feeling this would be good. glad to see that i wasn't wrong. a little annoying when you beat an opponent to get some candy, and then find the wheel boarded up, only happens when it's a really close result, but still a bit irksome. fuel regeneration times aren't too bad, gives your thumbs a chance to chill out for a while. download away people, you won't find much better.
urdemize304 : perfection.... maybe i spoke to soon. always has me logged out and never wants to let me re log in. then a cpl hours later i try and game has me logged in. been doing it for a cpl days now. please fix. playing on a note2
andy p : runs smooth, quick loading, and micro transactions seem to be well balanced as in unless you really must hurry the game game along there's no need spend real money. earning gold on certain courses on both trials fusion and trials frontier will unlock a bonus costume for your rider on trials fusion. assuming both games are linked to your uplay account. update- lowered stars from 5 to 2, reason far too many full page video ads. i know its free but having to wait 30 seconds for each ad to finish after completing every mission before being able to move on is far to much. really hope red lynx reads this and sorts it out, revenue supposed to come from in app purchases, mainly. i paid 2 for the bundle offer then get pummeled with these ads, wish i hadn't bothered only did to support the devs and at the time wasn't getting as much advertising forced down my throat. if red lynx does read this, either tone down the ads or put a remove ads option in the game (i'd pay it) then i'd put the stars back to 5 as its basically a great game beneath all the adverts.
sahil kini : i have a fondness for games that elegantly test my reflexes. trials frontier is yet another stellar game from one of my favorite studios. made with the same attention to detail as the epic rayman series: the graphics are crisp and smooth (though not as gorgeous as in rayman), the music is great and sets the mood well and the gameplay is very responsive. i'm pretty hooked at the moment so it's a good thing that if you play too much, the game forces you to wait until the bike is refueled, or pay out.
matthew hughes : frontier is a lovely addition to the hugely successful trials series. simple enough for everyone to pick up and play and ridiculous to put down... you just have to get that gold medal. would be nice to have a iap to get rid of ads and be nice to have uplay rewards as too. warning!!! bike upgrades can take way too long and can be really expensive. but great graphics, old school gameplay keeps me coming back. oh, and also intergrates with trials fusion on ps4 & xbox one.
andrew wilkinson : just like you'd expect a trials game to be on mobile. simple controls but very hard to master. in-app purchases aren't required so far, which is a huge plus. much better than all the rip-off versions of the game.
onlydafrog42 onlydafrog42 : the game takes a long time to get anywhere and that is good sick of games which take very little time to finish. game isnt even loading pls fix and i will put it back to 5 stars. working now had to uninstall then reinstall
dwrek b : if you're a fan of trials for consoles then you'll enjoy being able to carry a mini version in you're pocket! very good and complete game so far. tiny bit of lag every once in a while when playing a track, but i blame my chinese processor. and in app purchases are not crazy like a lot of other games, you don't ever need to purchase anything to play, they're basically for the impatient that want a quick push forward. i recommend all day, lots of fun!
todd wright : the game can't connect to the uplay server very well. it keeps saying no network connection even though no other app has this issue. the final straw was when it reset my entire game after saying the local save was tampered with. even after reconnecting it is still stats at the beginning. edit: all fixed
richard mcpherson : if you've played any trials title before, there really is nothing new here. same fantastic and challenging gameplay and same sort of track layout. what makes this five stars is the fact that it is free. cost free and advertising free. you can pay to get stuff quicker but, otherwise, you can plod along at a good pace and progress using quests. a great game on the go or at home. download now!
mark nash : i love this game and play it daily, however after the most recent update it's become unplayable on my galaxy note3. it locks up at the village screen and won't select anything. i've had to reinstall the game and load my progress from the server. pretty irritating, but the additions from the update are really nice.
bilbo_ lemont : need to get this on my ps4...but since the update it keeps going into some kind of turbo/benny hill mode and becomes unplayable...please fix soon as i may be forced to talk to the wife if i cannot play the game ...are you going to fix this game?? it now goes mega slow then a second later goes mega fast after 10 mins of playing and is now seriously doing my head in.
trevor phillips : since the newest update the game just crashes when it finishes loading. hope you fix it soon i gotta get to level 35.
rony auwlia : reducing to 2 stars due to repeated errors when trying to login to uplay. it even prevents to upgrade the bike or pull the lever to play missions when not connected to uplay. fix the login issue permanently, then i will give back 5 stars.
or bar : last update broke the game. it would either crash or be completely unresponsive. used to be an awesome game. i hope you can fix it soon
joe momma : i love this game but after the last update mine crashed & will not go past the beginning screen with the logos. have a galaxy s4 & all other games work fine. if i lose all my hard work i put into this game playing daily i will be boycotting redlinx games from here on out, which is bad considering i own all versions of trials!
tremell miller : this is probably one of the best games on android. you need gas to race, and i think it's a brilliant idea. i've been playing this for a couple months now on and off and i've yet to get bored. this is a must download.
wick : i just started and i love it i played lots of motorcycle games but not one like this. i mean that in a good way. i have a lot of luck
irving jimenez : i wanted to play trials since i see ah play it all the time so i looked for it on my phone and this game is great. i haven't played the console version but this game makes me happy :)
andrew ramacher : this has been a fun and addictive game. it does tend to lag once in a while but no big deal. a recent update made the game impossible to play, literally. however this was promptly fixed and game works as good as before.
jarett baird : the newest update finally allowed me to login to uplay to download my save. its nice to see a mobile developer quickly fix something.
breckin dunkle : if you like motorcycles/dirt bikes then this is the perfect game. the only thing that' s bad is you need internet to upgrade and a few other things but other then that it's amazing
elliot morton : for a free game it gets five stars, if it was a paid game it'd get five stars. its awesome. bad points: 1. drinks battery (but what doesn't?) 2. its a bit easy, give us a challenge 3. bike unlocking is a little tedious. good points :d 1. graphics are sweeet and maintains a good fps 2. feels good, an okay variety of bikes and handling. 3. its free, how is this even free? no ads whatsoever i dont think(non 3rd party ones). so just get it, honestly, hours of gameplay.
dave kaufman : i really liked this game untill it stopped working after i reached level 30 and only had two bikes left to build. now every time i try to play it stops after the ubisoft logo and says unfortunately trials frontier has stopped, even after the update. please fix this.
bruce blunt : great game, but two big bugs: ads sometimes hang trying to get to their 'close screens', and sometimes the save data resets, but the backup eventually kicks in.
cyber tonto72 : lovely game. did have an issue where it crashed and would not open again. uninstalled and reinstalled fixed issue due to having uplay account
attila vidacs : only played it for a short time. very fun and great looking graphics. my main concern is the in game purchases. i wonder if later on it will force it on you.
ankit lokare : the gameplay is really astonishing.. with ample challenges nd cool visuals.. easy controls nd tough tracks make it a worthwhile pleasure..
ivan fedko : i played a bit and got to unlock my second bike. ever since i can't upgrate. after the time runs out and it's ready to install i click it and the game freezes and i have to restart it. please help. love the game otherwise.
divine owens : i think this game is a very great game but very addictive :-) great game. oh yes and please fix uplay connection it does not connect,and make the candy and the stuff u need easier to get on the wheel pleez
christian gonzalez : every time that i start up this game it just freezes in the village and i cant move around or do anything then the app just crashes plzz fix.. (nexus5)
salman al-saud : i can't buy coins or gems, the window that pops up when you press on the gem or coin icon it comes up with nothing in the window , please fix .
conner lynch : this game is amazing i have the demo for the ps4 version i like the app better its kinda the racing (guy) version of candy crash
ohnahbirama : at first,i thought the game was not good. then it turned out to be awesome
david harper : console-quality graphics and gameplay. i'd happily would have paid a few quid for this. hard to put down and the fuel and diamond 'issues' that people are complaining about barely make a difference. its free for god sakes!! let me buy an ad-free version and it's easily 5 stars from me.
marcus estevane : ubisoft really did a great job on this game. it's highly addictive and has a surprisingly long storyline. it keeps you playing even if you don't want to, if that's your cup of tea along with the "trials" genre then this game is a perfect fit for you
tony blake : play all the time. really the only game on my phone that i've kept longer than a week.
elisa parmar : great graphics, storyline, the best racing bike game on tablet, no lag as well! although i do think the characters dont look very good. and this game would be 10x better with tilt control on your device. not bad.
alexander kusters : great game. good physics and nice graphics really give this game its charm. it also has a great story line with funny characters in it.
ivan kastel : a fun, well made biking game. the only problem i've had is that my save-file sometimes disappear, but i could redownload it everytime it happened, so not really a big deal. 5/5!
john harris : the very best bike and motor game on the google play. great too play on my tablet, a good five star or 10/10++
quinton tramm : i love this game i am addicted but recently on my galaxy s5 when ever i open the app it brings me to the home village and i cant click anything please fix thanks
glen ouellette : this game is really good. and you don't have to spend money to advance in the game. it just takes a little more time.
kyle metcalf : this game is built well for mobile and allowed me to bring back my saved game. which doesn't work for most games
patrick connor : was able to redownload app and it fixed my issue was able to download my excisting game to pick up where i left off. great game.
brian bartlett : it's a lot of fun, but occasionally crashes. still great overall, would be perfect with some optimization.
nick silver : love the game! only problem i have is on the city screen clicking on a building can be a pain. it doesn't like to click sometimes. but other than that it is a great game.
glen sanders : awesome game super easy to learn the little tricks to get ahead, lost my game in a restart. logged back into my uplay account recovered saved game no worries.
grant paice : a great game that'll suck your time away. could do with a track editor and a community downloads area which would make this game huge not that it isnt already.
charles barron : but laggs teriable for me i have an android 4.1.2 jellybean galexy s2 can u fix
richard obrien : the new trials is way better but only on next-generation consoles as of now but i see it coming down the line shortly...
jordy absurd : i love trials and this mobile title is no diffrent. love the story so far. game play is fun and addicting.
jeremy smith : love the game but there seems to be a glitch going around where the game keeps crashing when trying to start and unfortunately i have it :(
zach thom : loved to see the new update and how quickly this developer did it. ubisoft is a well know company that has done yet another great job on a great game. can't wait for new updates to bring more adventures.
freekowt : this game is excellent graphics, gameplay all great. if you don't believe try it for yourself
skylar nahn : easy to pick up and play, seemingly endless as well. very fun highly recommend it
reeces knup : when i'm in the middle of a race the buttons just stop working for a little bit
kumatetsu_27 : i did a factory reset o. my phone and now the game is stuck on the loading page that says verifying download. can you help with this i really love this game and want to play
cormac cullen : game looks and handles lovely. physics of the game are smooth. graphics are wonderful. this game is a joy to play... and for free. 5 stars.
rob tyrer : i've been waiting for an actual "trials" by redlynx for a long time. i love it on xbox and this is the ticket for android! game play and graphics are great so far, not too pushy for in app purchases either... so far.
j will : after the last update the game was frozen. i uninstalled and reinstalled signed into uplay and everything is good now. took a bit for uplay to update my game after signing.
mike armstrong : whoever programed/made this game this way has some videogame makin skill
josh lambert : tilting the bike needs to be changed so that you tilt the phone. its really messing me up when the accelerate is next to reverse, too
pascalis farrel : like usual, ubisoft always got games to entertain people. no flaws so far & thx for making the game free
a google user : this is a great game for free really. it has the pay to win type system to it but doesn't constantly bother you about which is nice. it has a semi interesting story line although the best part is obviously the trials courses you race on. would definitely recommend the download!
paul shirey : game has unexpectedly stopped. no response from devolpers as to why. very disappointed. i liked this game.
george hasiotis : awesome game. best motor cycle game out there. cheesy but fun story line and career. uplay rocks.
dana spreeman : absolutely love this! the only game i continually go back to and play every day. great storyline and great replay value.
anand yadav : i have played these kind of stunt based racing games...but inclusion of a storyline takes it to another level....very enjoyable and hooking
h h : this game is fun and i think i'm addicted to it. but it should be a lot easier to earn gems in the game :/
kane k : loving every moment. shame about the waiting time for fuel and upgrades. makes it a little longer.
mike bl : been playing trials games since the early pc days, perfected trials hd, evolution and fusion, so this is the icing on the cake. great game, very balanced(you can play without having to spend a cent) and true to the original. a must have for any trials fan.
keith sprague : i have always wanted a good time killer while in the jon and low and behold i found it...... have fun.
avo keinaste : one f2p game done right. microtransactions are well balanced. you can play the game without paying. some gringing is needed. ang game is also fun. good control, interesting levels.
hasan colon : i love a game that just goes on. like this game i'm addicted. its the only game app i have on my phone. sincerely. fan
chris hamman : fuel thing sucks... wheel soon thing sucks when you don't get what you need 15 times in a rite.. other than that love the game.. it's trials
don pixler : i love this game although the spin wheel reward system gets tedious. still it's a lot of fun...
ryan ap : the game is great but since the last update it keeps crashing
adam szczesny : simply put, awesome game. put in quite a lot of time into the original for the 360 and the physics and level designs in this new portable version brought me back a couple of years, they're that good. controls and missions are fairly simple so even kids can pick this one up. five stars!
sigfus haukur sigfusson : very good game, fun but can be tiring waiting for fuel but otherwise good game
sheldon pacheco : i can always expect quality from you folks at ubisoft, another awesome trails game, just like all the others i played on the consoles trials: hd, evo, fusion, now frontier which just fits right up there with the series, great work. and i just cant wait for far cry 4, i'm sure i will not be disappointed :) thank you for your great games and content
glen falla : really good game, love all the missions it gives it that little bit more than most trial bike games
nick m : super fun and addicting. haven't run into any issues with the game at all.
lon3wolf65 : i love this game; the quests keep you playing, and you can play it without using any microtransactions. and it feels just like a trials game, too!
liam wilkinson : this is litterally the best game i have ever played. all of the trials series is a joy to play!
dominik michalina : after last update every problem was fixed and now is one of best game for me.
greg mayhew : my wife is getting mad at me because i am always playing this game.
trenton m. johnson : very good story line with great graphics the controls and upgrades were well thought out. one of the best free apps out there
micah g : good enough game, but the tracks and physics leave some to be desired. should really have accelerometer control!
andrew kuzma : a very fun game, that brings a level of difficulty and enjoyment that makes me keep playing
derek rothman : a fun free game on your phone. it's trials so what more do i need to say.. download it!
samuel wilson : one of the best sure its another ptw but still is completable if you spend the right amount of time on it. very fun and addicting, great work ubisoft keep it up!
ez mrcz : enjoy trials at home on your console?? you will get a kick out of this version of trials for mobile. if you have trials fusion at home, this game syncs with it to unlock additional bonuses! have fun flipping and ripping in trials frontier!
anish bheemaiah : love the game! probably the best free game available :d thank you ubisoft!
joshua mathews : cool, the new update fixed all the problems!
nathan martin : keeps me busy during down time at work
kevin darmawan : wooow! the previous version the game lags so much, and now running with extreme speed. thanks so much, love the game
gwylan scheeren : its good like the trial bike games on miniclip and with added story, ambience and rpg elements. a must play!
ste bowie : love trials since playing trials hd on xbox 360. didnt think id be so addicted to this on my mobile though i cant put it down
cheesy g : good game but when at some level, when i tried to upgrade my bike, it keeps freezing. please fix this bug. thank you.
dan browdy : this is an amazing value for a free game. support fun and no need to ever spend money. good progression. and still constantly adding features.
alejmeire fernandez : if you like trails fusion, this is just the mobile version of it, not as great but the next best thing :)
logan sanders : this is a pretty sweet game i'm not a big gamer but it is very addicting and the graphics are amazing
jonathan ponder : thanks so much for the update i wasn't able to download before but now through the update i'm able to play what i wasn't
sandeep sandy : nice game but last update it's slow
kay hambley : loving this game so far x loads of tracks bikes and upgrades x no crashing or glitches so far :) good honest game x win coins and crystals in game too so no real need to buy extras with real money x
rikus esterhuizen : changed phones and it evan recovered my progress. my nr 1 played game
ilya ionov : astonishing grafics comes along with an intense storyline. the physics is perfect as well as 9 different bikes. what else do you need?!
brian walker : good little storyline, fun to play and easy to get addicted to!
max squire : good game but it won't open on my galaxy tab 3 spend money on this game and now it won't open please fix
paul atreides : this game knows how to hit the spot. its very satisfying and engaging and addicting.
the d bomb : game is entertaining, fun and can keep you occupied for hours. great gameplay and cool graphics. recommend this to all.
steve hamner : this game is ridiculously fun with great controls and gorgeous visuals. i definitely recommend it.
noah stockton : one of the best games ever. no kidding. way better than any other dirtbike game
simon horne : fun game but while playing i received a message saying my save had been tampered with and lost all my progress. what's the point of connecting to uplay if it doesn't back up my progress...
dylan garner : you need to come out with more bikes im really excited about the new bikes!
a google user : i play this way too much which is a testament to how great this game is. the story line is cool. regular trials on xbox is good but it has no story line. if you like trials video game you will really like this!
s ellis : been playing for a week now. fun and challenging. like being able to race against others. cool graphics.
daniel lum : not repetitive. just like the trials games on x box, has missions and a storyline as well
krystal mcpheator : i hate games that ask me to rate them constantly
akhtar ahmed : excellent work from ubisoft! i like the uplay sync within the game. i wiped my phone off yet was able go resync via uplay! and continue where i left it.
shiv singh : ...but the achievements doesn't unlock. does anyone know? the 15 to 30 sec ads can be annoying especially after every race.
anthony garcia : cool game to play when bored at home or stuck somewhere.
joshua metcalfe : best trials i've played on a phone kinda cartoonish but still realisticall enough to play great job
oni wastaken : i reckon implementing an option to change bikes in a level instead of requiring you to leave the race and reload, costing you another bunch of fuel.
matthew fackler : a little slow past a certain point. save your gems!
brandon moore : great game, gone far w out any investing but considering so.
manveer singh : beautiful graphics. awesome gameplay. very good sound effects.
leo alv : for this game being free it is a mazing so much i can't stop playing it love it
mik morley : this game is probably the most high quality game i have ever played on android. the physics rivals it's bigger console brother, but it has a unique look and feel. can't spruik this game enough!
edvardas kliukoit : but overall game is good. go for it!
james auger : i like this game but after the last update it would say "unfortunately the game has stopped" everytime i try to play. i'm a daily player of this game so can someone please fix that or give me an idea on how to fix it?
anthony leonard : honestly one of the best executed games on my phone. good job on everything... but the last update has made my screen inoperable, can't do a thing... please fix it soon i love this game! htc one. you fixed it! i love you again ubisoft!!
mike randolfi : good mix of free gameplay and profitable concept. love it. from a business and consumer standpoint
jaden hodge : the game is so intense i like this game best dirt bike game i ever played whoo hoo
prakash simar : game has very good graphics and physics as well. and yeah, game is interesting though.
arka de : excellent game. one of the very few big publisher free2play that wont bleed you dry...
rakeyoun neasha ali : i the game because you can upgrade your bike and travel and race your enemies
brendan withers : great little time waster, just as addictive as it's console iterations.
john clarkson : good little game, quite fun. good for killing time.
orion stephenson : love this game. it works great on my s3. any and all improvements welcomed. thank you ubisoft!
lee appleby : game is cracking. samsung galaxy s3 mini. can't get enough of it.
dheeraj bista : the most common game but turned out best of all
rzep r : even though it is a lot easier than its pc counterpart it is still a great time.
kenneth tucker : it is a good mobile version of trials good for killing time.
kit cavanagh : tons a fun with a quircky story. don't need real cash to get ahead. doesn't crash for me
sam jolley : would get five if it was easier to get diamonds and practically forcing u to buy packs is annoying
ma gettekiya : i love the way that they put contents and story lines together.
kieran thorne : the background when on a level glitches sometimes but alert from that amazing
jonathan archilla : i enjoy the graphic and the way the game is put together, i can't believe its for free
mark hance : wasn't sure about it when i downloaded it, but it's pretty cool. load it and give it a try.
francisco henriques : love the game! easy controls, neat graphics, great challenge and allows 'quickies' which is a nice break sometimes ;)
athif tsabit : slow gameplay issues, like slow motion effect, please fix
goksel serkan oguz : great game. physics are a lot like those in ps4 versions. you are gonna love it if you like the ps4 version.
constellar e : i like it, although i think trials fusion is slightly better than this one, but i still like to play this one.
deanne : i think this is the best game because it gives you challenges
xsleptx x : my first impression is that i will probably pay for this if i have to.
shane martin : this game is awesome! i can't get enough of it, haven't had any problems with any of the updates so far "touch wood" cracking game!!!
naor malka : love this game fix the update for 5 stars
thomas abley : i absolutely love it plus it doesn't lag at all also i love the maps and physics
john turney : love it, never seem to need spending ng money, good graphics and level design
bryce rager : this game is so fun it is an excellent spin - off of the xbox game it has great quality overall
ricky melton : love this game so much. play this every chance i get! need to make a full paid version of this and i'd totally pay the money for it!
carl curtis : everything that i've come to knowmand love from the trials series on my tablet. for an energy game, it's also extremely immersive! two thumbs up for sure.
christian sander : very addicting to play. all around good game. no crashes or problems runs smooth! !**
andy d : even without paying money it's fun.
indigo macconnell : i love this game! lots of very cool details and stuff to do. great time killer, i pretty much play it everyday. best part is... it was free. i really enjoy this game. if you're not sure about whether to download it or not, just do it. it's worth it. 5 stars, 2 thumbs up. i've told lots of my friends about it too.
cruward o : addictive game and i an very picky with my android games.
kyle butz : has a nice story line to it. makes you want to keep playing!!
tr s : new update game wont open says game has stopped play it all the time now i cnt please fix !!! since this new update its been frickn pissin me off cnt play the game cuzz it wnt open can u guys hurry up and fix this please
ashraf hamdy : i kept playing this game 4 or 5 times a week until it became too hard to continue
neeri effe : great intuitive game. cool graphics! i'll have to keep it hidden from my child!
merculius : what else can i say? i love the game, it works great, and the "premium money" that is gems can be attained without using real money. while you cannot upgrade your bike when not connected to internet, there are missions to upgrade your bike that you can do without wifi.
akria : i love it the game is great but i have to delete it because this storage it not so good
andy harrison : finally beat butch for the last time and now it's just a.n.b.a and upgrades left on this game for me, next update should have some side-missions or something just to keep the people hooked on it (: also, the 'world explorer' achievement on google play; i've definitely unlocked over 50 tracks but it hasn't registered, does it mean i have to unlock 50 via the wheel/anba?
david swan : my only complaint is the need to wait for fuel to play.
aaron raymond : game is good but need to make the rewards of more value to make easier to upgrade bikes for people who don't have a lot of money to spend on games other wise it is a fun game
ege korkan : for a mobile game and for a bike tilting game it has a really good story and teaching curve that keeps you playing it, very well done
moon moon : awesome game. can't stop playing
manbir grewal : awesome app and excellent yet actually pretty fun motorcross-based game to pass the time!!
jeffrey miller : hopefully the monetization system doesn't suck long-term
tyler mathews : i love this game but it won't install on my new lg g3, can you please enable the game on this phone?
ben cargin : then again, i love most things by ubisoft!
deivy maldonado-morales : this game is a nice bike racing game,,, the best thing about it is that it has a story line...
james mccarty : great game, but purchases should remove the pop up adds
joel reed : i love the trials consol games. and this is the closest i've seen to those on mobile.
kyren ford : best game ever yo i don't know what paul kietly was talking about
lewis johnson : a very good game i love it if you don't be quite!
bennett margetts : best bike game out there, i also play trials fusion. when is online multi-player coming out? can't wait to race my friends! maybe trials frontier could get track central? i know it's a little much but i play hours of it on trials fusion. nonetheless, great game ubisoft once again!
antione jackson : great game. easy to pick up get in and get out on the go.
polo jordan : fun and entertaining. love it and will be playing for a long time .... thankz
george freeman : i love the trials games! would love to see another phone one!
richard berzins : love this game! very good graphis and the update that happened recently made it even better! thanks
l2oad l3lock : i wish red lynx hadn't sold out to ubisoft
rahul : loads of fun and great graphics, definitely recommended.
mohamed imran : used to play this game on my iphone 4 before changing over to my android. i already completed almost all the missions on my iphone and it seems i have to restart all over on this new android. please teach how to transfer gameplay data..... :'(
paul marshall : this game is great. enjoy playing on the go. wish it would come out on ps vita.
shikonari sparda : awesome game, loving the graphics , works beautifully with nexus 7 . great work
jeff baker : best game ever get to do back flips and other cool tricks
terry weller : i own all the trial's game's n not been dissapointed yet
kevin gaynor : great game it's definitely a great way to waste time
cooper kochanek : this game is amazing, keep doing what you do ubisoft!
iain white : brilliant wee game can't put it down,
kittenslippers : i love the game really great graphics, and nice speed for a mobile game, overall its very great.
blu boy : good games one of the best that i've played so far.
sead balic : should be 9.99$, but definitely love price of free. best game hands down for android.
edgaras zvirblis : thank you for fixing the game, everything works just fine.
mark jackson : awesome game. fun way to waste hours
mike wynn : awesome trials game you can play for free.
ivor jenkins : played trials on xbox loads ..now can play on the go !
jack hanning : briliant addition to the trials series with an actual storyline as well rather than just random track after random track :)
brandon moore : just got the tango. so far so good
madkitty_707 : i'm hooked. pretty long game, while fun at the same time
sean rempel : best game out now but i got the updated version and it lost all my progress not happy about that but still playing
tristan tisdale : ubisoft does it again... anlther brilliant game from an even better development company 5 stars !!!
mike smith : visuals were awesome. frame rate was great. top quality game.
dave atac : and you can earn uplay points :p
stuart kinsey : love this game cannot get enough of it.
mohammad irteza khan : nice story line and addictive game play. very beautiful graphics also.
sam lawton : this game is the best! i thank ubisoft for finally bringing it from xbox to android
m fazil : nice game with a bad story line
projesh mehta : fresh graphics, superb coding, amazing gameplay and awesome fun !
baron wise : just get it. very doable with out in game purchases. fast progression and fun story.
austen chua : cool graphics and i love the funny moments in this game! hahaha!
chuck huygen : graphics is very nice and game play is great and it's addictive.
st4t1c gamez : been a fan of the trials series since hd. love it
charlie betz : loving this game, feels like the console versions, of course with the mobile twist
ode hikrada : run properly, fun, exciting graphics
jerry jones : good trials game with lots of levels and upgrades to get.
atul balachandran : so addictive you don't need cigarettes anymore
richard thornton : tons to do and lots to accomplish, best physics racing game on android
shalik shack : i like this game it's fun also i'm a fan of trials
tatvr gaming : a great companion game to trials fusion. good job redlynx
chris thompson : i like the story to it as it brings the fun of trials and adds an interesting direction to it.
levi w : excellent game. video ads are annoying.
aaron : amazing graphics, good story, more bikes and clothes though please
randy rittenhouse : all around cool, good graphics, music, gameplay, concept and i love the characters.
jesse perez : this game is the best game that ive ever gotten, ubisoft is one of the best game creators
forrest graves : this game is lots of fun and works great. no complaints here
jesse newell : super fun time waster! can't get enough
craig m : doesn't annoy you with iap's and definitely worth the download.
thomas gorman : brilliant game, very addictive, can't put it down
kane : this app is very addictive. i love this app! ive put hours into this game
corey curate : have played all the trials games on my xbox. now we get a travel version. win, win baby
ashwini sapkal : amazing gameplay experience, superb graphics, amazing music, very addictive.
daelen long : i tried on my big brother phone it was really fun to play thank you for making this game for us to play and your time and effort
david ferreira : what would really set this game off if you could do manuals and or more stuns
taylor burns : love this app wish gas recharge didn't take so long
daniel hanis : not ridiculous to get points and doesn't revolve around spending money
collin lindsey : you can upgrade your bike and race people if you like 2d racers this is a good game for you
lfly r : am a fan of trials games on pc and now i can finally be a fan of trials game on my phone. awesome, just awesome....and really quality gameplay !!!!
roserwinmiranda : i love the game it is really fun to play its like a different version of happy weals
colin knapp : i have been waiting for red lynx to finally do this!
jeremy larsen : it's one of the best bike games i have played
samo jordan : i enjoyed trials evolution and this mobile version is great too!
adrian haldane : a town is robbed in the middle of the night and you are the saveure and you ride a motorbike and win races to win back the towns stuff
nahuel cortes : i love how it has a story and you don't need to spend real money
alex holder : this app is very good and addicting! i like the story sidenof it and the upgrade
aser campos : a lot of fun! very simple to play.
andres torralbo : i like the added features they really add to the game.
martin sweeney : great game but i think a tilt option would but good idea for future updates
gerhard klopper : its a wellmade game with good physics. thanks ubisoft
david adamson : haven't played it long but it's a great game
gennaro abruscato : very great! from the graphics, to the sounds to the gameplay physics! love it!
chinglen laishram : good but unable to hack gems
redtabs kimutz : awesome game and great graphic! more game with graphic like this..ty
kev jensen : it has so much detail for a mobile game and it's free
mike junkin : great game . graphics are sick and the story line is cool.
papi v : this game is amazing!!! i love it! finally found a game worth playing.
toni khoury : download it if you have the time and space really fun
katerina n : best bike game ever goooooooooood job ubisoft and redlynx for this masterpiece have all trials on xbox too very addictive smtms to bannanas
john james : love the way it links with trails fusion!
chris beam : such an incredible game i love it the love of a trials game with a story line so much fun
anjan pudasaini : really need to play nd enjoy this game
jay kay : especially if you have the xbox version
50 stitches steel : best trial bike game out there
grace ackary : this is such a good game i reccomened people to play this
jacey craig : all it needs is a hop button and it would be perfect
jonathon scully : me and my brother play this game all day
greg hamill : love this game!!! fun to play, but a very cool storyline and unique style of artwork all come together for a great game!
brandon beltran : its a great game theirs no lag very fun! :)
manjula perera : awesome game but not the biggest dan of the gas can system
chris lewis : fixed and all my work is still saved great game and good job
jonathan perez : awesome fun and creative it took for me too much time to download tho
xzavier love : so addicting and crazy action packed i love this game
bearjamin blaque : great game all it needs is a way to play for longer without paying
armon akbari : awesome game you can tell a lot of work was put in to it
shaggy harner : i really like the story line simple nice job guys
todd johnson : i love all trials games this is the best it has a story with it too
mark ward : as close to the console experience as you could hope from a mobile version
alex rodriguez : if this game has 20 stars as a rate i would put that one
benlox 2 : why do you have upgrade online would make it offline would make it so much more better
studenheim : a lot to this game and it keeps you coming back for more
jamie harnett : gg best game since black ops 2 on the playstation
steven young : just got started and its pretty gooooooooood
charlie care : better than trails evolution amazing game and its on your tablet
nader smith : fun game and much better after the update thx
logan ortiz : i like playing this game had no problems with it either
manco1921 : 2nd update worked after deleting game + reinstalling+updating status from uplay. my favorite game is back!
yasir kadhim : the best bike racing game i have ever played
alexander billam : i download it and it said vearing download it stop at 64% help me
ayush mandloi : what a sound effects... awww awesome love it
aditya permadi : and the best part is the control ... great job
alias luevano : it's probably the best motorcross game. (my opinion anyway) :)
scott stratford : simple fun game that is easy to pick up and put down
a google user : same like the xbox 360 and xbox one edition
kris colvin : offline capabilities makes a number one choice for this cat
wilkx : sick game lad
roderick johnson : this is game is fun just like trails fusion on xbox one without the extra stuff but still pretty fun
xan drell : my favorite game! graphics are superb! my money was worth purchasing in app purchases for it to! running silky smooth on nexus 7 2013!
jarett soblaskey : best game i have played in a while!
austin albert : great game, it's fun has an edge of competition!
bhansali adarsh : plz gt more levels...cnt wait fr a new update
stefan stanisavljevic : very good game, have fun!
edgars unimportant : awesome!!! didnt expect a trials game to have a story line. so siiiick :d
bj : keeps crashing!!! please fix will not load
riskninja yt : thanks for making a mobile trials game, love it.
brandon green : interesting twist to the trials series.
elans ivannikovs : the best game ever i recommend to play it i play it i just like the bikes i wish they added more bikes
bobi stoj : working better than ever good update!!
freddy marlar : enjoy fantastic graphics and a mind blowin storyline? you've found just that! check it out! you won't be disappointed!
mark calvert : love this game really getting hucked on it now
richie brill : big fan of the trials series and being able to have it in my pocket for quick + easy gaming is perfect!
ryan holmes : huge trials fan on all consoles/platforms!
daniel marroquin : bbbeeesssttt game eeevvveerrr!! it has really good graphics
andrew joyce : hours of fun, great graphics.
martin remy : finally working as normal again
the simpsons : i was very happy with this game. i even made a uplay acount for it.
patrick brennan : this won't open when it did it was awsome
julio placenci : really fun game just like other trials game nothing held back straight up trials graphics and rag doll is cool
alex essing : with trails fusion and this one ubisoft has definatly put the trails games back on the map
louis aston : like this alot
ismail youssef : fun addictive game, absolutely enjoyed it.
jay cordeiro : you should get this game it awesome and challenging
david bukowy jr : great game. worth checking out.
bobby castillo : its the best motorcross game on google play..
max toseland : this game is great i would recommend it to everyone who wants something to do in spare time
eric grant : if it didnt crash every now and then i would give 6 stars
brody corbin : i have trails fusion on xbox one so i thought it was good anyway
gamingcab : fun little trials game. very well polished.
ricardo h : still don't know why i live it but i do
a google user : smooth gameplay, challenging!
mark plumpton : see above:
nathan pike : best moto-x game yet
anthony yanez : this is a challenging game to play, that why i like this game.
travis poekert : can't help but buy upgrades!
aidan willis : one of the best games ive play on my phone.addicting
dustin tooker : good way to kill a lot of time.
rudy tossel : no regrets downloading this. a great game.
george sesma : this game is very very cool and fun to play the game
hellsfate psn : if you enjoy the trials game then this is for you
a google user : awesome game.. very addictive
william damico : its a great game. i love it so much
akcent biber : what a cool bike ride games.its really food.: like this and i give 5* for this games........
king jonny : download now if u haven't already
eugene cayaban : great game awesome
nos ailotrit : good time killer, plays well, no problems
suspect three : hard to stop playing
donald san martin : pretty cool i like the graphics and the gameplay ain't that bad
d webs : awesome. story is good. and it's free. makes you want to play the bigger versions.
anthony wheeler-stewart : best game i have played on my phone.
nikolay baldzhiev : like the game very much but this liquid is running to fast.
mohammad morteza : one of the best games i ever played!!!
josh schultz : game will not open any more....i enjoy this game and it's my kids favorite but it won't open any more!!!
conor quinlan : just like trials on consoles! works brilliantly
eric t : you. can just play and play. enjoyable and challenging
josh m. : awesome game and lots to upgrade and get to keep you playing!
abdallah zoghdan : fixed after latest update..thx
peter james : love the style and physics! beautiful game xd
b magoo : this game is the best ive playd yet!! hill climb was my all time favorite but by far this game has exceeded that by many galaxies!!!
quincy anderson : amazing, too awesome
steve pullum : fun time passer game, good graphic.
jeanne magarino : it's awesome and has great graphics
tim vermeer : takes way too long to gather parts
tyler kurtz : i love the game it's fun and great to pass time
nathan trotman : i really enjoyed the game, very addictive
brandon jean baptiste : loved evo and fusion. and this too
cheyanne spence : awesome game love it, keep em coming
paul parkin : love all 3 for the 360 as well!!!
james frizzell : i love the game and the simple controls... keep up the great work... (:
cody sechelski : great game but the last update broke it.
michelle tajolosa : please put easter eggs in the game
sean mcloughlin : great story grafics and game play
jacob sipe : just like the trials game on my ps4
max : its amazing its like trials fusion
taylor killian : glad to see its an app now
jarrod-lee naicker : great game hands down nuff said
ine faupula : never was hooked to an app til now
andrew gorski : reminds me of trials hd for the 360
deliriousjoker : it a good game but it hard a little bit
a c : i wish trials fusion for pc was this good
michael klier : a very entertaining and addictive game
gavin a sayadian : this is one of my favorite games now
cr3ationmambaz : really fun almost like trial evolution
jesse villarreal : one of the best games for my phone
ossicle : always been a fan of the trials games
rhys whiting : just as good as the trials i have on ps4
xander cordero : 10/10 would trial again
elvedin karavdic : one of the best game ever!
rebecca levi : best game ever. so cool
patriot pinilih patrix : nice story, keep update the motorcycle and the story
carione davis : must download
alfonso reyes : very challenging and entertaining.
progstation : ubisoft...you always got space in my heart :d
jason knutson : thanks for fixing the patch back up to 5 stars
johnny money : sometimes simple is fun and this is very simple and very fun
andrew vasquez : really fun & addicting game, can't get enough of it.
john s : best game you could possibly get.
steve tompkins : highly addictive and lots of fun!
jason eggett : good but need to fix the crashing problem
kay kieth : really simple fun game, nuff said
nathan wherry : back to excellence! update worked! great huge game!
bret childers : pretty fun to ply
michael prado : it's a good game worth the download
sean sims : brilliant can't put doown
lorin de cordes : nice job redlynx / ubisoft
ivan birkic : whats with the 20 second ads? come on! also, the game lags a little after the last update.
john mcgee : i don't often play "video games". but when i do, trials frontier is most definitely one of them!!!!!
navin shirodkar : awesome graphics and game play. very beautifully made
magma f : for instance the character has a 3d model and much more theres so much added thx for this
devansh trivedi : it's the big bro of stunt games
cameron arnold : great game really fun to kill time
anthony meadows : so addictive. nice career progression
detroiter 99 : its like the new angry birds
egg tofu : love the graphics
samantha muniz : this game is cool
frank klimczak : love trials so much.
linda serot : nice game i've ever played
jd ward : i didn't think this would be fun but i was wrong
james chacon : one of the best games out there.
obey frenck : it's a really cool game
veyron supersport : its pretty fun.
paul battig : easy fun way to kill time
andrew harris : i love this game it's my favorite
muhammad saeed : just downloaded it so enjoyed it so far
amoe mann : made by ubisoft and very good graphics
domanic shaver : this game is pretty fun i like it
evan medlin : played for a few hours its still fun
aaron fleischman : great addition to the trials family!
navjot lamba : awesome dowload it
pierre-yves gilbert : trial game play + management = win
domonic garcia : beats all games i've played
darreon lewis : i lov it and its great for kids
danny elliott : this is a great game love it all the way
i_vans __ : always fun playing trials
ivo. : a bit like trials fusion
v m : enjoying every second of it
xx vis xx : awesome game love it thanks ubisoft and redlynx
sad man stan : great game and low storage needed
mudafukaeggroe : really nice story mode and really addicting
felipe novaes : game is very nice to play
domchikadom12 : easy controls and looks great
charlie swash : an amazing game a must download
brandon villanueva : the game is extremely fun to play!
geezus nah : it's f'kn awesome on xbox, and it's f'kn awesome on my galaxy tab. excellent work red lynx (ubisoft).
manasvi m sharma : graphics, sound, game play, story everything is nice. must have.
dayl warner : where is the 10star rating love it!
along lkr : awesome gameplay and interface !!! love it !
ahmed abaza : cool game. i like it
brandon cox : best game i've had in a long time
stacy brockbank : about 30 mins and loving it
oifvet10 : this game is absolutely awesome the only issue is the fuel usage at least have each track use 2 fuel instead of 5 plz that would be even more awesome
dheeraj kanojiya : i think ubisoft game is best game
michael wilson : besides the adds that pop up about once a day the game has no flaws and plays extremely smoothly with an okay storyline and good gameplay
a google user : super!!!!game i like very much this game l all ready play in i phone then i search in play store its not there but now! am happy!!!):;)
dane_dj ess sherwood : great, fun game with good graphics.
gary moore : can't believe this game is available for android, love it! :-)
aakash mukherjee : it's an amazing, addictive, entertaining, outstanding game. i just can't get enough of it. an amazing storyline with super graphics. love playing the game. keep it up ubisoft.
c s : update blows. thanks. can't do shi+
ricardo wagemaker : absolutely great free game.
ashtom muff : get it instantly!! so addicting!!
vasia cybercat : awesome idea connecting trails with waiting !! love this game!
mike costello : good game to pass the time. very addictive
david kim : one of the better trial run games.
zeus gaming : huge fan of ubi games :p
parikshit thakur : totally super duper fantabulous game.
demetrius garcia : fun doing back and front flips
sarah moody : awesome game, adicting and i love it
a google user : love this game.. adventurer must download
justin riddle : very addictive with an interesting storyline
jeff walter : this game is pretty awesome.
valerie castillo : i have the new one
milton driver : pretty fun will continue playing.
jordan round : very addictive i can't get off it
karthik r : thanks
andrew newton : tons of content, not just trying to suck money out of your wallet
hernan espinoza : it's really fun!
a c c e l e r a t e : best trials game i've played
bryan payne : well designed and play is good.
taco king : very great game lots to do
sid patel : i am in love with this game it is awesome
alexander applegate : love the game great physics and graphics
richard sanderson : best game ever 5 out of 5
brian colon : cool game love and get it its fun
saad mohammad : #@exciting
jimmy rodriguez : works perfect again thank you
cuezaireekaa : i can ride my bike with no handlebars.
philip j : it's the best trials experience on android
mrtaco : its so awesome the gameplay is very good but can you get rid of the fuel tank i have rated five stars for it being the best android game ive played
denys l : i liked the 3d
adam meier : well balanced and addicting
jacob bachand : awsome just so awsome
fake ninja : been playing for hours
michael van b. : way better then the trials fusion
daniel bonnette : great fun while your on the run
james bear : stopping reading this and get it already
reapersquid83 : glad it intertwines with fusion
derik bowlin : this game is a lot of fun
travis lucas : man this game is so awesome
riley fontaine : one of the coolest games ever
lee thomas : great game loving it so far
devon perez : good game download immediately
steve lopez : vary good game playas
nick barlow : would highly recommend is hugely addictive
t phillips : it look cool to me
jack pinskiy : the best game ever
david lopez : really fun game
jacob heath : love it very good came
stiaan smit : a really fun game
johnathon desamito : fun but could be better
william large : great game lots of levels
terry the reaper : this game is awesome
papa qaun : great game nearly no complaints
akash sonu : one of the coolest game i ever played!!!!! well just the wifi problems!!! deal it!!
robert pennycook : update repairs game. karma restored. did you use samsung push?
alex saavedra : master of trials frontier =d
tim thomas : very addicting and super fun.....in my opinion at least.
santosh swaminathan : the challenge, the levels, the characters, the bikes, i'm in soo much h luv with this games... it simply rocks... great work guys... kudos & thank you...
edmund dantes : after you got hang of it,it's a fun game.
ajay golam : awesome! love the ending after each race.. funny....and also the story..
saif alam : be it console gaming, pc gaming or mobile... u guys always rockk...!!!
gregory gillenwater : the uplay won't sign me in please fix
mark breaux : best trial game out there!!!
hasan basri : a little bit of have fun..
julian shipp jr : great game its a really great game
rachit shivhare : i really enjoyed the game
pete copland : fun game to pass the time
german s.h. : i love it... just the perfect trials game for android....
juan alvarez : this game is gnarly.
aryan khandelwal : great game & very addictive
cubis 101 : just like on the xbox except for free
enzo mgk : so time consuming love it!!
andrew dunnuck : really fun to play. thanks ubi!
christopher theisen : love it... would pay money for it.. surprised its free
anthony d'abramo : great game , fun and addicting
jayesh karande : nice game, good graphics
anthony lopez : "is'so awsome playing it every day seemed cool /awsome. .."
jack ratcliffe : wth i cant even open the game after the update. please fix this. i have money invested in this game
ingod wetrust : this game is the best********************best game i have ever played on android. best game in google play love it*****
a google user : super story, great gameplay and perfect graphics. it's a must !!!
logan choi : great graphics, and it's all free!
a google user : nice gameplay, graphics & physics
nigo mutuc : cool game.very nice graphics.keeps me going:)
yakuto yakuto : fun and free.
abby smith : good graphics, very fun
alejandro pineda : really fun game.
ranjit yadav : awesome game. ...i never played this type of game before....
paul moore : very fun and entertaining
dav boz : nice grafx, nice sound! good one!
billy parr : really fun!
quinn nugent : i love this game!
eduard butuza : nice gameplay and graphics!
john southern : game was working like a charm. very fun game to play. after last update, game won't even start up...... please fix
daniel : trails in pocketform!fapfap <3
larry bullard : would play again
jeremy zawrotny : i love these games!!... sooo simple.. soooo addicting!!... my xbox at the house has trials evolution so this is perfect for "on the go"... thanks ubisoft
kevin sund : this game is great!
paul davis : awsome game fun to play!
james comia : the best!
b r : great update. but..how do you use the bananas?
dylan : another brilliant trials game!
kyle hawley : pretty badass game. storyline with trials.....good idea.
richard heyworth : cool bring on more tracks ..... awsome graphics and gameplay
mat loveall : awesome game! must play!
isaiah h. : fat guy, can't loose. :-(
raj bater : can you please fix the bugs in this game.
kewrz : western theme and tiny motorcycles. what's not to like?
mark evens : it is the ubisoft.. it is proven again...
raphael gutierrez : translation: the "beans" are "cool". for:dpt
human being : great game for all..
joey jamal : nice graphic
tarek atwan : keeps crashing on start up
anthony massin : this game is beast
greggie shrout : i just tried to get on the game and it says unfortunately the game has stopped please fix!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
daniel richter : awesome game, fun !
miguel marquez : cool game!
ali alabadi : i love this game so much!!!!
shidi mohamad : ubisoft is the best!
brandon hodges : trials for a phone!! awesome
jeff cholewinski : physics and controls are great! nailed it!
jarred albert : brilliant game!!
tambony : i absoloutely love this game. it's just like trials evolution!!!!!!!!!
mike mcsnake : ...a great trials game with a fun story mode.
kostadin sotirov : great game!
prateek yadav : fixed after update... thank you for listening...!
michael nemeth : i love this game!!!
carlo nois lozada : very nice game!!!
fat steve beats : of a game. :)
mikko riihela : great game !
jeremy biesele : lots of fun!
rodney johnson : really fun!
ajay tak : this is aaaawwwwesssummmm!!! :-)
pete : make a paid version to get rid of the ads please.
jon robinson : great game.
claude o'connor : great game!
abdul kadir jaelani : thanks for fixing the game, dev. great game...
mohd.alwaz qureshi : my brother said me about this i have also played motoheros that was also a redylynx game i love this game and also that game to motoheros and trails frontier
christopher vine : it's great!
enrique lamelas : loved it don't even know wht to say
regarded cougar : great gameplay. how do i get rid of ads?
troy zach : very impressed
c t : this game is amazing..
my drunk vlog : best trials game by far!!!!
jameel khan : this game is just awesome ....
ryan tomes : it is addictive.
jeffrey kistler : almost as good as xbox.
michael del signore : great game!!!
darrylnw4 : loved the game brilliant thanks !!!!!!!
nicholas jones : it's fun
james bauer : was forced to watch about 30 second adds and could not cancel. uninstalled and will never play again.
luk meister : cool....awesome game ..i love it....
bryan liptak : a lot of content for free so far
krishna agrawal : its a awesum game.. lvd it... :* :*
avishek chanda : gr8 graphics. .....
iam basha : good graphics !
delance : love this game!
byudha pratama : simple but, but so amazing....
bill cook : loves it...
mery michaile de jesus : i already beat butch on his own place.. is that really the end???
momo senpai : pretty cool
musique munkiiedude : but why my last comment deleted?
volodymyr shulyk : awesome. quality. interesting
victoria anderson : loving the game
sean gannon : great game!!
duong vo : great game!!
sagiv harush : highly addictive !!!
najib rasdi : really addictive!!!
chris swai : you must get this game. now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
cj king : great game love it
nikolas vigne : really really good game
solonly ryderzs : the best game ever
lol lol : i love thes game
alyssa caracas : thumbs up
keiron mccartney : its a game what is fun
tim badu : awesome fun
david howard : is awsome
andrew chabra : fun and addictive
kev melendez : its cool game
cedric eugine : the game was outstanding
evan h : its pretty cool
lee elliott : great game hours of fun
mop stick : really really fun
fluffy shark : very addictive
broncrockean primo : it runs really smoothly
pete waddoups : great game
laith alhabsy : the best
maria rios : this game is great
fernando sanchez : its a realy good game
amir draz : a lot of fun love it
antti gronroos : free game ever
nathan tatro : as good as the original
ryan klier : really really fun
dustin wishard : awesome game i love it
silencer gaming : graphics is great
angela wiley : really good
duncan : so cool download it
t s : nice n entertaining game
stephen hofmeister : definitely a trials game
mike manlapas : games cool
eric rios : i love this game
thomas clayton : very fun and addictive game
brent phillips : love this game so much
gen swade : i love this game
joshua smith : this game is so asome!!!
devinnukem : loved it!
reimond marttinen : amazing... must... download...
wellington santos : great game.
euwyong ronny : love this game.
alex ferrer : this game is fun
tyler ramsdell : i love this app
raul adamson : i love this game
brett k : i love this game
jeff rauch : it's fun
ryan wright : perfect. love it.
jordan ochoa : cool:)
doug blum : why does it tell me i need an internet connection to upgrade my bikes when i'm on wifi?
ricardo fierro jr : awesome graphics
max king : sick game
razzy3r : its pretty good
auston lemmon : it is so cool
demetric williams : great addictive game
derek holmes : awsome game
richard moore : love the game
pullaiah srikanth : i love this game
dylan malloy : this is what life is all about
kiid taezo : awsome sauce
timothy okeefe : amazing and addicting
blood bank : incredible game
navy newyorker : i love this game
zeaju snipes : the best
suraj rajesh : the best game ever
debrah valenti : this game is awesome
ben yeadon : wow awesome game
jacinto ii chino chua : graphics are gorgeous
debra johnson : lots of fun
smile for awhile : funny and entertaining
chill daniel : fine love it good
edward nielsen : great game
mike ogle : love this game
edwin castilleja : pretty good
aryan sharma : aryqn strong
h i : i love this game
rodskikun : insanely fun
8bitjake : great graphics
richard wing : great game addictive
don't hate i'm right : great games
aayush shakya : this is an excellent game
a google user : for real
ray z : great game and story
josh smith : lots of fun
bubbasorus rex : fantastic game good game
a google user : keeps you playin for hours
ekaaij : this is like xbox one
esay5377 : this game is boss
fandy m saputra : u must try this game
xunil xetri : ***love***the***game***
freeman, nate! : the game says there's a leader board to play friends and strangers but where is it?? i can only find where to challenge friends, where is the leader board in general?
daniel hinojosa : its asowome!!!
david simmons : great game
angel alvarado : asome
nikolas singleton : beastest beaster
austin calderon : this game is dope
leena maroco : cant connect to uplay
valentin antonenko : please more updates
muhamad daffa : crazy game ever
jack o'neill : so addicted
jerry yniguez : addicting
maximo cardarelli : really fun
guilherme augusto belintani : great game
nazar x : great game
adam launder : works perfect
rathi official : too addictive
omar fares : great game
daryl wise : awsome game
kyle dickinson : great game
morgan goggins : pretty awesome
mugen shiro : awesome and addicting
austin walters : great game
alberticoo cabrera : great game
chance speers : yesssssss this is awesome
hassan md : its awesome
karan patel : great game
aaron garcia : cool
nicolas auret : love this game
braize fernando : i love this
joseph gotelli : great game
marshaw outdoors : great game
jigsawgaming : great game
the black perspective podcast : great game
zachary rose : redlynx is great
john w : addictive
james gutierrez : fixed!!
bighome 168 : this gams is funny game !!!!
ouroboros : great game
a google user : great game
scott langeberg : right?
travis volk : damon shuttle!!!
shai : cool
gafoor madathil : coool
pablo collins : cool
edi salcin : cool
rashaad hamilton : back to normal
barry gaughan : quality game
tony archer : totally adictive
eric kirui : must play
tyron williams : so addicting
jacob shaw : yeash
hafiz zamra : edited : after progressing far enough in this game it much more likely to suck your wallet, i mean the upgrade what the hell 1 week after trying to search for the part so long :( no more diamonds and so the opponents were too difficult to beat and one big problem after the latest update the framerate were like faster than going to the hell itself!
nathan haley : great game play love the bikes and the ability to upgrade. some levels are harder than others so it keeps you thinking.i'm having a problem with the game now it won't load or log me into uplay. could you please advise
mark randazzo ii : i love this game and can't get enough of it. just a quick thing, the last update that came out has been causing an issue with the robot mission for me. i was on the quagmire before the update and now it is the toad hole. i finished the mission and whenever i try to take the reward it force closes on me. edit: i now can no longer open the app. :[ it force closes right away..sorry for the bad news.
shawn contreras : trials is fun, and entertaining. bringing the famelure fun, and addictive levels to your mobile phone. i've loved trials since the first arcade game dropped into my xbox 360.
cliff hoffman : great game, but the new update broke somethings. touch screen controls are unresponsive since update. please fix.
alan rita : yea so i was having trouble with this game because it kept crashing. but after this new update everything is working fine. i purchased the pro pack and i hope it works good this time. love this game.
justin davies : great app but doesnt work at all since the update. freezes constantly and now it won't open at all.
adam reed : i don't feel at all pressured to spend any money, the progression is satisfying, and the physics seem identical to the console games. graphics are great, and there is a pseudo-story to go along with it all. a solid entry in the trials franchise. edit: the game is broken now.
paul olszewski : good version of trials for the phone, plays out kind of like a city ville where u have a certain amount of energy per day, saying that its still a bunch of fun and sets a good pace! 5 stars!
blackbeard p : actually keeps me from being bored. i have to play every day. great job.
a google user : trials is a great series, and this port almost works but the controls aren't snappy enough on my gsiii. the latest update also is causing speed-up/slow-down issues, and in this type of game that can kill your fun very quickly. still good, just frustrating.
dark ronin : i have trials fusion on xbox 360 doing this for the step into the light challenge and must admit this is a fantastic game :)
avery milandin : i have had this game for a long time and i have been able to get into the top 10 in the world on some maps without spending money. there are only very minor problems but they don't affect gameplay at all
melvin norstrom : this game is awesome, never gets boring and it is a game which requires no cash you can play just as much with out paying a cent
demonic 5hadow xbox : okay everybody, if your game stops working then uninstall it and reinstall. something gets straight when you do that. it will ask you if you want to continue with previously saved game after the tutorial, choose that and you're good to go(you must be signed in to uplay). i did it when i was lvl 28 and it worked perfectly. it's trials! ......... it's fixed and it's awesome!
ben robinson : best game on the market , update has fixed all bugs and improved the game as well as the speed of the game , definitely recommend this game to all trials lovers
tyler baldwin : so fun lol just hate when you gotta re-up on your gas and how long it takes to upgrade your stuff. worth it tho! lol
christopher rorke : after last update game no longer works was a great game
neil goswami : i love this thats it, no issues so far on my xperia t2 ultra dual..great
mohammed saleh : freezes in the game can't press anything and forces close plz fix.also no touches work can't press anything in the menu?.
andrian tzenov : everything is good now. i've successfully restored my save with the new update. great game.
utbdoug : not going in depth, but brilliant game, playable without iap. great fun!
patrick horn : i take back my previous comment. i got my problem to work.. now.... it's trials time
dan hanson : big trials fine so i gotta give it five stars despite some glitches and the annoying fuel system
aizat azizan : i cant play since update..game keep freeze when start
paul rios : update: the connectivity issues have been fixed. it locks up, then the locked up screen takes up half of the phones home screen as a wallpaper. only a reboot clears it on my galaxy s5. next, it won't let me upgrade my bike without an internet connection to uplay, it cannot maintain an internet connection even using wifi funny thing is, is that i have full bars and the uplay symbol is activated.
rowan sharp : nice freeplay game. would be nice if fuel regenerated faster
curtis richard : high production value in this game. i recommend it to anyone that likes trials games.
rookstur : this is the best game i ever played keep it up with all the updates :)
angel sanchez : this game is smooth and there is no problems i just love it :d
a google user : with new update game runs faster on htc desire 500 ds
moonfire eclipse : fun and as addicting as the three console games! good work ubisoft and redlynx
phillip porter : awsome game, great fun. entertained for hours.
nazwaz11 : i love trials on xbox360 but this is so cool
noah harnisch-diamond : awsome game, but has gotten stuck on me * times
subrata sarkar : awasome game edictive must play really nice graphics
joey preston : best game of all time play to win and pay to win are balanced nicely great job red lynx
shiveshwar singh : wow what a game ,loved it ,keep the good things coming guys
peter lewis jnr. : great game with a very fair in app purchase system.
just another time : good game no crashes for me idk why other peoe have them o.o
matt darling : smooth game play, amazing graphics and really, really addictive ... can't fault it !!
james craig : love this game best bike game on here join me
sainath sawant : good quality graphics. ... keep making such games
claudine motuhavili : love it husband plays it 24/7
nicolas lovell : great game. wish there was less time on upgrades
mark green : great game if you love trail games
jeffrey barnes : great fun game with limited need for in app purchases.
lachlan whittle : mobile trials, what could be better
spetsnaz beaver : the most full featured free game out there.
andreas posiadlo -matos : trials with a storyline just purely amazing
glenn k : i've been glued to my phone since i downloaded this game. butch is going down!!!!
shasta stewart : superb,period!thanks to all dev's on the team.
miguel reyes : immersive story, simple gameplay, stellar graphics
marc methot : as title says
ryan j : love the game play
pedro silva : really good
colt cleaver : my favorite game now
vivek taunk : just an awesome game to kill time......
edward miller : very fun and addictive!
a google user : the addiction is now mobile!!!
johnny zamora : ill spread the word about this game :p
steve gonzalez : its like the best game ever dude!!!
chirantan ghoshal : best bike arcade game on play store..... no glitches no crashes. ... mouth watering 3d graphics. .. a must download. . its far better than trial xtreme.. gopd work ubisoft..
terrence parham : you've gotta play it!!!
olivier saillofest : be aware... very adictive!
baz m : sort it out with this last update!!! what's going on?
siddhant kujur : awesome game!!! love ubisoft
a google user : great game!
ben davis : annoyyyyingly addictive. well done...
francisco arizti : great graphics!!
neal fitch : dont think about it, download it and play it!!!!!
max hales : well worth the download
tony fenton-jones : definitely worth playing
geoffrey berry : great game
nej slat : great game
mills 246 : great to pass the time
luke melong : most mobile games you find out there nowadays are moving towards a profit mentality. this game still has that component, but it is still enjoyable for a gamer not looking to pay any money to get ahead of the game. yes, there are ads in the game but as a developer, the money has to come from somewhere and i don't even mind the ads as they are not that frequent. kudos to you ubisoft for making a mobile game actually worth spending time on.
eddy s : i had small issue with my game resetting, but i soon had that sorted. this is a great little game. the fuel limit isn't an issue unless you plan on playing for large amounts of time, but you never have to wait more than half an hour to get back into it, coins are plentiful too, just upgrade when you need to and collect the parts to make upgrades cheaper
det ansinn : great art style. tight controls. plays nicely on the nvidia shield with the gamepad mapper, but real controller support would be welcome in a future update. i would happily pay for a version that sacks the ads and fuel model. redlynx has already managed to get $13 out of me and i still get 15s video ads.
brad s : first 5 minutes and it's already better than any game on the google play store that involves motorcycles. trials has been fun but i didn't think a trials on the phone would be any good with the virtual controls on the screen but it's one of the only games that does it really well. classic trials physics makes it that much better
marko saponja : lets face it.. my phone is way too old now with his dual core processor and it cant handle this game very well, but what i liked here is how ubisoft dealt with lower end devices. instead of choppy frame rate, you get steady frame rate with the game slowed down. now, i know this not ideal for most of you, but i find it playable.
the brown lord : the time capsule says you have to get a gold medal in trials fusion and trials frontier, but i can't seem to find on google play store trials fusion, and there's a button on the time capsule menu that says "watch trials fusion trailer", so does that mean you have to wait until trials fusion comes out. if it does, is there a revealed release date. other than that, it's a great game.
matthew jones : brilliant level design and artwork with unobtrusive, intuitive controls and addictive gameplay. in some ways, this version of trials has more to offer than any of its pc or console brethren as there is a story and objective of sorts with characters to meet along the way. my only criticism is the lack of game sync across multiple devices via google play. edit: cloud save is available via uplay - making it a 5* game
alanna kos : this game was amazing, combining the perfect physics engine with a great but simple story line, cute and indearing characters... until one day it crashed, i subsequently had to uninstall it and lost my data. in my disheartened state, i began playing again, from the first map, slowly and tediously working my way through, then i remembered. uplay. uplay saved my game. it gave me the option to recall my last check point continuing just where i left off.great stuff
toyfe1 : i have been playing this game a lot, and i have gained a good level and a few bikes, suddenly the app crashed and after restarting my phone, i tried to play and i was level 0 again, i almost cried, but after playing a couple of levels and logging in i got the option for restoring my previous game, i will keep on playing until ubisoft runs out of levels, thx for this fantastic game, btw you can play a lot without paying a dime.
kristopher nawrocki : however, i've been playing this game for almost a week now, and now when i open a race it takes my fuel, and i just sit there at the starting line waiting for it countdown and me to race. other than that, another thing i would suggest is maybe to be able to purchase gems with coins and vice versa, just so people like me don't have to actually pay for the game.
christopher statler : this game is amazing was working grate then out of no were can't upgrade bikes. keeps saying i have know internet connection. witch is bull because everything else works and i'm running off 4g. 5 stars if this is fixed. tanks for fixing this problem
tim sloane : this game is tons of fun. the gameplay is the perfect balance of fun and frustration. of course because the game is free-to-play there's a fuel aspect that limits how much you can play at a time, but i really appreciate that you can retry a track as much as you want without having to spend fuel.
michael miller : if you've enjoyed any of the previous entries in the series, this game is well worth your time. the familiar game play is all here, and although it's draped in a light layer of free-to-play conventions (limited energy, share scores to earn premium currency etc.) i personally didn't find them to ruin the experience. i never had a moment where the f2p limitations held me back from enjoying the game.
tbraggy : love the trials games. i've bought every single one and now i can play this one for free is amazing. the challenges they give you make the game way more interesting and there's even a little story to follow along too
james ingleton : this mobile version of trials continues the tradition of great physics based gameplay that allows a genuine feel even from a mobile phone. there are occasionally ads, but its a small inconvenience considering the game is free and highly addictive. nice work ubisoft! im hooked!
richard clayton : there's an almost unbelievable amount of quality content in this game; and a distinct lack of the typical annoyances--obstructive time restraints, pay barriers etc.--that plague 'free-to-play' games. the slot machine doesn't seem to function as intended and the adverts are annoying (needs must, i guess) but these are very minor issues for me. good work redlynx.
thomas hagy : when i upgraded my phone i lost all my progress in hill climb, downloaded this as a replacement and turned out to satisfy my side scrolling racer addiction perfectly. wish they would offer ad free purchase.
will kojis : interesting evolution of the trials games. the story may be a little hokey but the gameplay is just as right and fun as you'd expect from trials. the gas system works better than most games. you only have to spend money if you're super impatient.
martyn davis : what rubbish is this? if i'd got round to rating it at the weekend i might have given it 5 stars - but since then it's been freezing up at the start of every race making me exit entirely then retry, been losing my data and generally being a pain - wouldn't even back up from the u play account or whatever it is. i haven't rated it at all so this 5 star stuff is a hoax!
ciaran van wieringen : this game is awesome but can you bring south park the stick of truth to android i wish to play it on my tablet because i am more at other places then home i have a nephew working with you ubisoft (his name is leon winkler) he would found it a great idea not all missions the same and it may be 5 gigabytes it doesn't matter as long i can play it on my nexus 7 2nd gen. and if you make the game for android/ios i would thank you as much as i can and make a demo version on the play/app store. so people can see if the game is great (it would be of course). but please make it and when you make it i can't wait to play it. so good luck and be a great game maker
pacoy aniag : i love how there's a story to it. the prize wheel can get frustrating at times as well as races with butch or the other racers. but over all a whopping 5 stars.
scott richardson : love the game. had issues with my account and sent an email and got a quick response and it worked. very happy again now! although now after the latest update it keeps force closing on load up. why try and fix something that isn't broken. was fine before.
joshua duffield : this one awesome game but the only problem i have is that when i want to upgrade and have all the parts and money it says i need to be connected to the interenet when i already am. ive checked my signal strength and everything. but anyway great game :)
tfz spider : i am a big fan of all things trials and have played them all from the pc xbox360 and now this and i have to say this is one of the best fantastic game easy to play and you don't need to pay for anything to keep playing can't argue with that great job ubisoft and red lynx
brendan woolley : what the hell is going on. i have missions to upgrade 2 bikes. but when i go to the garage it tells me i need to play to unlock upgrades. i physically can't do the maps i'm on in time to complete other missions. it was working fine until last update
andrew reeve : the game said my data was tampered with and i had to start back at the beginning. but after the third level it asked me if i wanted to restore my previous save point. glad i didn't lose it all. this game is one of the best i've had!
daniel zrim : ads get very annoying though and more often lately. get an ad usually after every 2 or 3 levels.
tyson slywka : the gas part is a little annoying but i always love these side scroller motocross games and this is one of the best. plus you don't have to spend real money to get gems and parts if you're patient! 4.7/5 stars!
a google user : this is the best mobile game i've ever played. it replicates the non-mobile trials games really well. only complaint is the fuel system, i would have preferred to pay for this game if they removed it.
alex cruz : it's a pretty decent game. better than a lot out there. the only problem is that you have to have energy in order to do missions, which is a hassle because you can't just keep playing you have to wait in order to play.
uro 61 : i have both the fusion and download this just days ago i love trials ever since the flash game came out.
jerrold mitchell : i can't progress in the game because it's saying i need an internet connection the little ai bot can't pull up any opponents for me because of it
paul eaton : was great but keeps freezing at race start up and costing me fuel to reset my until this gets fixed i think i'll stop playing , shame as its a really good game .
bradford lewis : i have been waiting for this game to be released to the android system. it is just as fun on here as apple. i just wish my phone was bigger lol.
snip snip : a really good challenge! haha, 5 stars all the way! no problems at all! so happy it saves all your progress without you knowing! lm*o! i love this game and have been playing it forever... thanks guys! also, a really good thing to know is if you somehow lose your progress all you have to do is sign back in and play 4 tracks, talk to the towns people, and step out the saloon. it'll mention your old save like it did to me after making me wanna break my phone hahahaha! you know i was helpful hehe (; like it up!
marc-andre riverin : graphics are really nice and controls are spot on. i'm just afraid that later, it'l cost too much fuel to play...
taylor smith : i've played trials on x360 and ps4 and have always loved them. this is no different. best game on play store. hands down.
nick rudy : i enjoy this game and have no idea what these ads are some people speak about. i have been playing for a week and havent gotten a single ad pop up. my only complaint is i cant upgrade my bikes because it says i am not connected to the net even though i am
danielle moskal : my fiance turned me on to the game last night i love the quirky story line and the easy control sy system. a must have for people looking for a quick , easy fun way to kill a little time!
matthew pulliam : kept it because it is the most addicting game ever. love it and can't stop playing it. gems are easy to come by so you don't ever have to pay to win. awesome game.
jessica davis : this game is mind blowing its challenges u to find pieces to unlock bikes i'm adicted
alex falls : the game works great until i want an upgrade. then it says i do not have a connection, which i know is not true because i can connect to uplay just fine. please fix so i can rate five stars.
mark metro : sometimes race will load, but there is no count down and you can't move. just a waste of gas. you have to close game completely and restart.
jacob anderson : i got worried, it started a new game but then it went back to my old one so 5 stars
james mcgarrett : don't play on kitkat 4.4.2 the accelerator button stops randomly. downgraded back to 4.2.2 and no problems
rickeldo box : i have no idea what the other people are talking about. no real problems that i have noticed. really additive. if you like fun game that you can't take your eyes off of you should try this one.
chris elliott : good fun easy game. only down side is the uplay messed my save up after a few hours of playing lost all my save
bobby hartranft : only down fall is nothing is free anymore, so of course you can beat the game by using actual money, but all in all its a very solid and fun game
tarvisland : if you like the trials games, this one is just as good. i do hate games that only let you play for short periods of time but i can look past it on this one.
peter jefferson : the only disappointment is you can't lean by tilting the device like the windows version i've played before
brennan mcculloh : i always play the trials games on my xbox so when found out it is mobile now i was.really exited, and i was right that it was a good game.
peter radev : cool game. al was goint perfect till i upgraded my bike.. i waited 4 hours and now when i touch the rench to finish it it just freezes.. pls fix it.. i hope it wont deletw my progress..
kylar ingerick : the game is good so far i don't gotta spend money on the game for coins and stuff. like i gotta play to earn em. not one of thos stupid games u gotta buy things to continue playing it
michael cairns : for some odd reason after i completed the 2nd last anba memory my game crashed. now it crashes every time i try to play it. no idea why...
sameer ratnaparkhi : all well, gives you more reasons to go and replay already played mission.
a w : it is such a fun and entertaining game. it gives a really good feel with the controls. i recommend it to everyone who likes cowboys and motorbikes.
curtis blackthorne : after playing fusion on xbox, i saw that i needed to play this for some achievements. i was pleasantly surprised at how fun this is.
patrick mccleary : currently a level 34. over 20 hours into the game. now freezes every time i collect the prize after completing mud cakes level for a.b.n.a. no way to proceed.
a google user : you can spend hours on this game. the only problem is it crashes occasionally, and sometimes you'll have to re-install.
valon quamina : this game is fun, and simple. i can't see any way for it to not get a good rating. i hooe some form of multiplayer is in the works though.
thomas aldrin : no video ads, just plain fun. edit: video ads every 30 minutes or so, nothing that bothers. keeps complaining about not being online a lot, when i'm online. frustrating.
jacque read : really fun game if you don't expect anything more than a pay to win game! great graphics and solid gameplay
nikhil mahajan : great game. a little repetitive but exciting enough if you take it slow. great graphics
malte stange : played trials on pc back in the day and gotta say it's quit fun and the controls seem pretty solid on android too. let's see how i like the app after playing more than 10 minutes c:
judo : love the game. really holds true to the original games with the maps. dont like the diamond currency tho. (not cool)
gareth gladman : having had to start it all again, i am now past the point that i was at. still want to see more updates from this. great game to pass the time.
og_thraxx_ : this game is really fun i just think that they should update it to where u don't have to use gas
freddie meyer : very fun and entertaining, and doesn't feel play to win which is fantastic! controls could be slightly better though...
jesse rodriguez : plays great on mobile. was worried it wouldn't live up to trials on the systems, but i was wrong to assume it would be. great game for fans of trials, and anyone looking for a good mobile game to pass the time.
deepak tiwari : this game is so awesome. i am playing this game for quite some time with progress autosaved in the cloud. still, twice my progress came back to zero. this is frustrating. plz do something. i'm using z1 compact.
james paton : looks and feels just like the pc game but focuses more on quests and upgrading your bike rather than endless new levels, i prefer it.
james brumby : awesome game! pitty about the in app purchasing. but it's been very addictive so far =)
david karpinski ii : love this game. not just your typical balance moto games. love the fact that it has a story line to it.
ishaan : its actually a pretty good game its a little boring in the beginning but its really fun after sometime.
derrik leach : i'm having problems loading the game, it loads all the logo screens just fine, but when i comes to loading you in the town, nothing i hear music but then the game freezes and force closes, please fix this
shehan fu : its cool .. i can get a psp experience on tbis game
zach caudill : if you like racing games where you get new things through gameplay, than this is a game for you. it has cool bikes thatyou have to adventure and find pieces to get them. it is a great game that is really fun if you like racing gamesthat can race against uplay friends and compete. im in on this game, are you?
brandon mulvahill : definitely one of the best games in the android market. highly addictive. my only complaint is how slow energy builds up.
david kirkpatrick : although i did lose my data and couldn't connect to facebook to get it back, i finally did. their needs to be a better way of loading old data if you get a new phone or such.
the harbinger chronicles : great game. levels are fun and i really like the slow machine set up. addicting for sure
surya pratap singh : i started this game and liked it, would say the best game ever made by ubisoft. just sometimes crashes otherwise the game is fantastic
sean qosaj : graphics are really nice, i like the whole idea of parts and blueprints to build a bike, and the wheel spin is pretty cool too, but the gas refilling eventually gets annoying when you progress in the game
eli west : great game to casually play. nice little story to follow as well. racing others makes this game even more fun.
keval korat : amazing gameplay and cutting edge graphics for a game of such a less size. i play it all day and night and i promoted on my facebook wall too..a job well done developers
jacob bramwell : added depth and story to the "trials bike" type game, super fast loading times, beautiful smooth graphics, great sound and animation too. easily five stars.
calum mcgrath : this game was a brilliant idea its like trials hd but the only thing i didn't like about it was the fuel refills it takes ages
paul booth : great little game let's you progress quickly enough to keep you interested but you can buy coins if you want to get there quicker
joshua jones : the game is amazing, but it could use multilayer and race in real time, custom stages could also be a possibility
dimitris paraskevopoulos : very optimized runs well on all my devices. in app purchaces there but not mandatory as in most free to play titles. great job.
louis d : after i clean all data, then play the game. dont forget sign in uplay account. woala! all save data come back. happy. finally
joseph tattoo : all of the trials gameplay you've come to be utterly addicted to, now for free on android. this is the bee's knees. great graphics, gameplay and style. thank you for bringing one of my favorite franchises to android!
ya boi : i love trials and have always wanted it on mobile. this has taken trials to a whole new level.
richard blanchard : never played any of the console versions but picked this up since it's free, and it is really fun and addicting. the simple gameplay helps with the addictiveness.
a pickle on a mission : i love the game and the only problem i've had is that sometimes it'll lag during a race
a google user : fun as hell. free and haven't had a problem yet
daniel boone : brilliant visuals and runs smoothly. great controls and not too pushy on in app purchases. cmon guys get working on a sequal already lol
geoff daley : great game, had a typical ubisoft bug where the update lost progress & purchases but they've fixed it. excellent mobile game now!
michael picard : i hate having to wait to play. need another way to get gas.
nathanial anderson : simply awesome game always going upgrading and so on, just wanting it not to rely on internet connection to upgrade....
bhushan raj : getting stuck once i press the fix upgrades button and showing the uplay screen again and again. i dont need uplay. drop that crappy uplay
jake stroup : really great game. i loved the other trails games on xbox360 and im glad they're making a new one.
michael gomez : great graphics, no lags, all in all a good if not great game. good job
james crawford : i can not put this down it is challanging yet also keeps.u moving through game.not a play to win but does not hurt
james duff : can have fun without paying and the ads are fairly infrequent. good fun
jace w : this game is just as or even more fun than the other trial games and we that's great for a mobile game.
burton ebersole : i like how it's just not driving a bike and you spend money it gives you challenges and a wheel to spine to help upgrade and the traffics are good should have more games like this one. just one thing never let anything happen to your phone because all the money you spend on it gets wiped clean and no matter what you had it will start new which sucks because i was up to the mountain top now back in the beginning which sucks.
jasbir khairwal : it's a very good and long game after connecting uplay it is more difficult and fun filled
morgan tiedt : whats with the limiter(fuel) is it some sort of new gamimg law or what please get rid of it
brad nairn : doesn't try to force you into spending money, it's nice to see some honest developers still working their magic!
jaemyth majorflow ent : keep up the good work love the game havent had any problems yet, loving it!
maxwell crews : tis' the master of wait-to-play, but setting your phone's clock forward helps with that.
mark saunders : doesn't take long to load and it's got fun missions.
nathan wildenberg : it has a bad energy bar type of freemium but other than this it is a really good game.
eric hyde : i own all redlynx trials games on pc and love them. i was pumped to see they made an android trials game and from the 30 min i have played it is the best moto game. lives up to the redlynx name
caleb lyons : so much fun and it runs really well. good story too. the only thing i don't like is that an internet connection is required to upgrade your bike.
jerame jacobs : phone died while playing and lost progress. great game while it worked.
jim cover : i wasnt expecting much but im loving this game. a mix of classic bmx style games, with an added world navigation with lots of goals and level ups. keeps you entertained!
scott queener : great game. i have now been addicted to this game for three straight weeks and can't put it down!!!!!!
vtganja420 : ive been playing since trials2 , multi platformed trials fusion and just got this to test their powers on my tablet and im just as hooked as the first day i played. 10/10 all around
eric f : not nearly as hard as it's former games, for obvious reasons, but still a fun addition to the trials family
luke bennett : i am a big fan of ubisofts trials series of games.. and this will not dissapoint any fans looking to top up their motorbike pleasure... great game, no running issues on my htc desire 816.
bailey hussey : well so far this is a addicting game and i think there should be something like if you upgrade any parts for your bike it should change the appearance of your bike.
dhanraj raghubir : i got the second bike and whenever i try to upgrade it, the app would freeze
shubham kotecha : it is very good game u get real racing ride it to cool...u will like high graphics and nice to play...
keith hadath : a steal, i play trials for xbox and this is as addicting as well
richard d lewis : this western motocross games is wonderful and frustrating at the same time but you just can't put it down
william castro : annoying bug at start of some tracks you can't advance and lost gas
mikey kenmuir : excellent fun only complaint is the levels aren't long enuf but that's me nit picking lol
wen wu : had a few issues to begin with but now everything is working perfectly!! great game!! only thing would be to add an in-game purchase to turn off ads
leo wilde : already, i am addicted. just like i was for trials evolution on x box 360. we'll done on a mobile version ubisoft.
patrick justice : i like it a lot. i'm a big fan of the trials games on xbox live and so far a big fan of this. i was skeptical of playing with touch controls, but it's actually quite enjoyable playing on a touchscreen. thumbs up ubi!!!
mornel westfield : the story and missions were so beast and epic
jayson rowe : so much fun great graphics can get frustrating but still won't give up
blobfish gandhi : absolutely love this game! just as good as the console version of trials. even the story is like a console game. don't need to spend a penny, either. definitely worth getting. there are a small amount of quick ads too, so you can focus on the game without many interruptions.
kirst aweston : i have trials future thing, trials hd, and trials evolution. awesome app.
austyn baker : i have played for many hours, and i am having a great time. the in-app purchases do not stop progress towards the end goals.
todd lewis : i played the trail games on xbox for free trials but this game is even better cause of the portable side of the game with the mix of upgrades to bike. fab game!
kiazer russell : don't listen to those haters...not any game is perfect...but this game is pretty close
lewis fowler : been a really good game, but now everytime i try to upgrade the jackal bike the game freezes. so i cant progress
fishermike 77 : great game i like how they incorperated it with trials fusion . this game is almost better than fusion..,
billy morris : five frew stars....havent spent a dime and i dont feel im missing out on anything. ...pay to win games suck...this ain't one of em. download and enjoy.
ehren fernandez : usually when going somewhere and waiting for someone to finish up something they're doing, i whip out this bad boy and just play and play until i can finally leave.
matthew brown : you can backflip into an exploding barrel. 10/10
sean burke - breaks / house : this is the funnest racing game available. the racing is easy to learn, and the story keeps you interested the whole time. definitely worth a try!
terri pipher : a game that is fun and hard to put down but after upgrade it says connecting to server when i am already connected and a strong signal at that. pls fix acc get 5 stars or will uni somehow if you delete game then reinstall it works fine if yall fixed it you got 5 stars ty for doing so
ted nimnum : what a great game i cant stop playing! the one thing i dont like is that the forward and reverse button are to close together. other than that great!
doug stevens : if you enjoy trials, this is easily the best game of its kind i've played on my tablet yet. eye-catching visuals and good play control, it makes me think that gaming on my tablet might not be a complete waste of time!
kyla kincy : oh my gosh i love this game its fun i play it all the time i wouldn't delete it for a second lmaoooo
dbombgray2523 : i always been a fan of trials but they went above and beyond with this one. amazingly fun game. i highly recommend this game to everyone!!!
quinn ingram : very fun to play, the only problem i have is, being asked if i want to carry on as my rider or start all over again... why would i do that?
clarke lawrence : great, but when u cross the finish line can you let the animation play a little longer? i want to see my bike fly / rider blown up / hit with comical sized mallet!
drew camilleri : great free trials game. no need to pay unless you want shiny extras. awesome result
jason gunter : this game is so much fun. it brings back memories when playing trials on xbox 360.
aditya shinde : this graphics, gameplay, are really interesting. i hope they bring same story mode in trials for other platforms too(ps4, xbox one, pc)
aidan widick : this game is awesome, when's assassins creed gonna come out on android.
robin thomson : no evolution but this is a great time-sink!
j wall : killer graphics and smooth gameplay. everything i've ever wanted out of a trial bike game.
cillian : great game maybe get rid of the gas it's so annoying
paul daly : fixed server connection issues too!
gio : truly epic just like the pc and console versions, takes while to get used to the leaning :-)
paladin evans : changed rating from 2 to 5 stars because the game got fixed! it is very fun to play without lag! :d
mr float floating around : one of the best games for android out there, amazing graphics, perfect playability, and super fun.
alleen licudine : very great game nothing will beat it.....but they must put a bike shop that u can buy bikes
kevin : amazing game! had a crash issue but it was resolved by ubisoft staff. i emailed them and i received a prompt response the same day! great game keep up the good work!
travis l33 : not nearly as good as the releases on the consoles... but its just as fun. really enjoy the story line that's worked in as well. good job!!!
kent phillips : the game is somewhat challenging, has a lot of gameplay, and it isn't absolutely necessary to spend money on the in game purchases.
nate : game won't open anymore and crashes when i try to collect reward for completing a. n. b. a v2 now game doesn't even open please fix this is my favorite on the entire play store!!----- unistall and reinstall worked!!
twste : i love this game but their is an occasional crash after missions just have to reload and it works fine.
michael hanoski : really fun solid game. good graphics, simply controls, runs well on my old samsung galaxy sii, and its free. so everyone should get it who can get.
callum atkinson : i love how you can upgrade your bike like you can on trials hd, evolution and fusion.
b3 - rosswell almeda : it is so challenging to play it my mknd almost blow
arron kluz : its fun, funny, tight controls, and no need to use the micro transactions.
david holmes : i have been playing this for a while now and i have just unlocked a new bike :d the graphics are great and the game runs really smoothly. highly recommended u try it!
josh alexander : easy to control with very minimal ads. one of the best free or pay games on the market! also, links with trials fusion if you have it.
stue hannon : this game rocks,i am huge fan of the trials games,and this one doesnt fail to deliver! totally addictive.
cody baggett : i love how much is game play is offered for a free game. no glitches or upsets yet. great game!
david laurence : a great fun motorcycle racing game. very much th email most exciting one so far.
ben bisares : game is more challenging than it appears at first. has that "just one more level..." appeal.
alec iacovazzi : best game i've played in a while on my android device, so much content and stunning graphics/gameplay!
dehydrated water : you have to play this game its fun but a little bit hard but play it :-)
andrew westerbeek : i play too many crap games but this really has me addicted. it needs me to log out of the game and log back in to make it work properly but i still love it
wallace luk : i'm almost lv33 and then i cannot start up the game ever! only back to home after two company logos show up.....after uninstall and install back, and get my data back, all good now
ian jones : red lynx you absolutely legend, fun game where the f2p is done right
joe .k : one of the best games you can get for your phone
marshall agada : really fun, great graphics, lots of cool things to do! definitely worth the download
harvey ryan : very good game considering it's free to play, allows me to get my trials fix on the go
kevin quayee : i'm so addicted to this game and i give 5 stars.
adam brafford : if you have played trials and you liked it it is a great game.trials always makes you mad in some map so i am waiting.but i love trials!!
nader farrag : smothe gameplay great physics, challenging , please fix uplay singin keep showing can't paly
sebastien paradis : doesn't lag or anything, the graphics are good and the physics make the game even better especially when you fall. this game is a must have! :-)
isaias guardado : just came because hungry shark is going to give me a shark if i download this app xd
a google user : but i cannot use the store, it fails to find the connection.
bubba sparxxx : now that i can resume my old game i'm happy with it. it's a fun and addictive game
ben benedict : its just awesome. i've played their games before and they are great also.
khan tanveer : it says licence failed what the hell i downloaded from play store
a google user : the fuel concept is a bit annoying but still great fun.
jade hartemink : love it its such an awesome game hopefully there will be more great level to ride with your sweet as bike.
grant stonaker : beat the game on my iphone and now i'm gonna beat it all over again on my galaxy note 3!
alexander schmidt : if you like trials, this is your game. fun gameplay and addicting as well. fair monetization.
jack blundell : controls are easy to use, graphics are amazing and it's perfect to play when you have a free minute...but you end up on it for over an hour! great game!
gabe howlett : really well made and the graphics are up to standard for a normal type of android game:-p
james christopher eckhardt : this has the best graphics and gameplay of all these types of games that i've tried! it's fun, challenging and constantly evolving - for a free game it is awesome and more than i would ever have expected!
zachary o'hare : i love all the trials games series and had to download this for my tablet. awesome game! great job redlynx
00poserdisposer00 : this game is awesome. no glitches,no bugs,and a good game. just how i like 'em
aaron lewis : wish it was like the ps4 version but it's not and wish the points added to the game also
jack broniec : only played about 15 minutes but so far very fun. i loved trials for console.
theo wallace : enjoy playing nice way to kill time
matthew delong : i love this game, got trials fusion for xbox so this keeps me happy when not on that
roger mota : yeah this game is great and i want to play it all the time... but i can only play for like 5 minutes then have to wait hours for my fuel to go back up... why can't i just buy unlimited fuel for like $2 or something.... this is the only problem.
kirk chapman : plays well even though the lean controls can be a little wonky
tiberiu tanasescu : one of the best free games out there. nice graphics' awesome gameplay. 10/10
monster of ice : just got s5, this is first game i put on it, can't put it down, drives the wife crazy. love it
mouldycontroller : fun game with lots of adventure.. blah blah same old same old
jason pitchford : had problems, they solved them immediately! great game!
richard block : this game is amazing control is superb, i also really like the storyline feature!! been playing sense trials hd!! keep them coming
alterair _ : this game is really good! it maybe rage inducing but it's still good!!!!
ardy ballyhoo : looks great. smooth playability. fun game mechanics and very playable for a free game. winner!
sam grzyb : such a good addition to the series. love the accessibility of it and the integration to my ps4 game.
harley hellboy : graphics will blow your mind. console quality on the right phone.
david rooke : love trials fullstop. the game is fun and addictive stressful but still enjoyable. the fill your tank thing is a little annoying but bike upgrades and blueprints to unlock new bikes. it's just a epic time killer love it.
andrea castiglione : since the last update keeps showing the uplay page where asks me to connect.... even if i'm already connected! please fix it... it's a 5 stars game thou
david bahr : for a free to play i was so surprised how much you can get in before having to wait!! good fun
scott finn : i love the trials games for console, this just answered my prayers for a portable version!!
robert glass : ive always loved trials, so now i can play it on my phone
reid hunter : this app is a great mobile addition to the trials franchise. no mustard on my bike.
bigtxman : i love this game it looks great if you haven't downloaded this have game you should awesome job ubisoft
rishabh prasad : this game is very adventurous and addictive. in this game one has to ride a bike and perform stunts to win.
anshaj goyal : amazing game with beautiful graphics :) trial series has now leaped into greatness
michael phillips : the challenges just keep coming and coming...and you can play for hours just completing them!!
ricky smethurst : great game, cannot fault it. intersting story and also can be very challenging
tyler ryan : looks and feels just like the xbox version, which was incredible. great work! highly recommended to anyone!!
nathan wood : didn't realise how long the story line would go for great game.
tony appleby : no need to pay to play, been playing this a few days for free :)
emanuel jara : the game is just trials, what's not to love
terry bowers : fun times with trials games. well produced and always entertaining.
nicolas williams : good game might even say better than trials evolution.
mohammad qahwaji : great graphics. really awesome gameplay. overall a good game !
jordan tonsel : but i cannot upgrade bike... it's says needs internet connection... but obviously i'm am connected... plz fix... wasn't excited about reinstalling but fixed my problem... 5stars
mohamed tarek : good game but am having store issues i cant purchase coins or gems
julia green : a must play racing game it's worth 5 stars maybe even more!
tyler wong : this is by far the best trials game on mobile. i do wish there was a paid version, but f2p seems to be the way. ubisoft can you please remove ads if a purchase is made?
zak s. : the bikes are slow though. but still great.
sushant jadhav : recomended to all who want to kill time.
keith evan robertson : i used to play the trials games on our families xbox 360.i ran into this little gem created by the same company " red lynx". i received a tablet for my birthday this past friday,the game is excitingly addicting plus has a little short & sweet storyline to it.for free you cannot go wrong.do yourselves a favour & download this highly fun & stupendous game! great job guys! 5/5 for me :-)
jakub kajkowski : this games is awesome!! i want to see more games of this caliber. thank you ubisoft
jacob eget : i can't put it down! my kids can't put it down lol
ace : best thing ever i only had one problem but other than that the game runs very smoothly
chase jesske : this game is probably the most time ive put into it! its so much fun so im giving it a 5! keep up the good work!!
trunkzdbz : i love this game, very interactive, good gameplay, just good whole some fun.
joshua gonzalez : fixed it! anyways an amazing game! that's super fun and addicting i play it in any free time i get!
edison firmin : love it, best android game so far, finally worth owning a phone again!
nathan kyrnyckyj : awesome game works great recommend anyone who likes the trials games :)
brandon canfield : i have been playing this game for a week now and i find it very addictive! love it.
robert moon : think its my fav game right now! works great on my phone. moto x. lots of levels and upgrades and best of all its free and works awesome!! thanks guys.... keep up the good work!!!!
alistair steele : amazing graphics combined with highly addictive gameplay makes this such a good smartphone game.
ash l : probably the best game i've ever downloaded for my phone, and i play alot.
alexth3great : this game is pretty awesome for being free. there aren't even any ads! big fan of the series after seeing it on the xbox 360, and so glad to see a mobile masterpiece!
dan siegel : probably would have paid for this as i love the trials series. great game!
aiden : excellent mobile game, a lot better than i was expecting, 5 stars!
jacob sparrenberger : i love this game! i would recommend it for anyone of any age.
danny shelswell : hard to put down but need prices dropped a bit
luis rodriguez : i cant stop playing this game its so addicting
cameron carruthers : this is a very addictive and fun game! trials fusion is awesome on my ps4 and this is just as good and mobile
bo johnson : but i hate the parts wheel
plamen petkov : haven't encountered any problems
louis brierley : great game! hurry up with the update!
dimi droticks : keep it up guys,runs smooth on my nexus 7 1st gen
david logan : i've been waiting for a game like this, its perfect
sohail ahmad : just going to say that i'm not dissappointed.
brandon taylor : game is addicting and fun works good on my htc one
devin brown : this game is a great way to pass time, and is a fun game. two thumbs up.
matthew carlisle : good fun, wish the accelerator controls weren't so "dodgy" as you can go from top speed to grinding to a halt for no apparent reason ...... lift thumb, replace, of you go. annoying.
david butcher : a fantastic game, i love it just as much as trials fusion.
cole robbins : great game and best free to play concept i've seen.
adjudo 6043 : its a really good way to waste time, because we all know that's why were here
matt dillback : awesome physics and totally fun. i play often and enjoy every minute
orayn foster : this is what all games in this category should be like.
vance mcdougall : i like the small story like. game controls are pretty amazing.
emilia lopez : fun game. one of my favorites so far
nicholas roberts : everything you wanted the layout and concept is the complete package..
steven shell : this game is perfect!!!!!!!! if you could add more bikes and get rid of the gas or make it like 2 gas per race this could be the best game on mobile device right now!!!! by far best trials game yet........
joel richards : this game is very similar to trials evolution which was a fantastic game on xbox 360! love it.
peewee g : works well, played for a while now still going well.. nexus 7
josh rossae : best dirt bike game i've played on android...and the graphics are sweet
lewis chiswell : very fun game, looks great and plays really well.
cailaen dingman : story is great. challenge level is perfect. enjoying this game very much.
kieran brooks : lives up to the name, liking the story mode approach too!
stridexxter : finally a chance to not have to be at home to play it ! and the progress i do on play goes to my account for fusion stuff!
flamecranium : by far best free trials game ever!!! the only reason it'd be unlikable would be the shop, you gotta use actual momey(you really don't need). graphics/gameplay are awesome!! i could go on...but that'd take too long. :-)
will mulhern : this game is highly addictive. one of the best i've ever downloaded.
cassius murphy : it has humor,story, characters and it's like the other trials
dylan rhodes : awesome game. doesn't kill battery as fast as other games.
erblin bajko : since i installed it i've played it every day. really good game.
chris willhite : i enjoy this game so much! very good mechanics!
andrei lavrenov : it compares well to its big brother - trials fusion.
adrian brand : addictive little game . does a great great job of cloud saving as well.
cheryl mackert : fun game,but a little challenging at times.
edward salate : can't stop playing this
ben barnaby : fun game has got me hooked but the same old thing u have to wait for up grades or spend real money
mitch taman : easy controls. don't have to buy anything to keep going. definitely worth the download.
zane simon : if you played trials hd for xbox and loved it...you'll love trials frontiers!
mitchell merwin : everything works well. the bike works the way a game like this should.
will benzies : very smooth and good graphics, good game all round
matthew failes : its trials on your phone! same everything, works fantastically.
jack luzano : very nice game..ganda laruin try nyo
william hornberger : fun game. a lot more interesting than games it's type
richretro : been looking for a good game to waste time with and this one is perfect!
miraak : awsomeeeeeee. the bikes and environment are beautiful
robin biswas : genuine entertainment.....a simple concept...an awesome gameplay....truly amazing.
puresinner h : this game is cool it's just like trials evolution on xbox
paul durose : fab game really addictive. just like trials on the 360
slade hall : i feel like i'm at home playing trails on my xbox.
benny ferraro : pretty much just like playing the consol versions.
kodabear9000 : plays great on driod max, no prblms what so ever
mercedes trevino : always been a fan of trials hd, thanks
maximus black : its a good game, its well made and entertaining
sheldon forbes : great game love the progression. long lasting fun and challenging experience
dan k : love it as much as the console versions, runs well on my s4.
a google user : everything from game play, graphics and story is amazing. best of all... it's freaking fee
barry northern : brilliant story based progression and wild frontier feel
nicolas am : great game! i love it! i play trials fusion on my ps4 and frontiers on my galaxy s4!!! excellent games both!!
ryan hernandez : best trial game ive ever played worth on sale package pruchases
tia thompson : this game is awsome i wacth my bro play it he is amazing at it.
ricky brannon : as someone who loves trials games, this does not disappoint
gerald lamar : almost at yhe end! this game is the best part 2 plz
edward amanyire : i rarely write these reviews but this is one amazing game.
antaras yeong : this is better than i expected! :d
myrmeko me : trials fusion on android.
jacob krizka : this game was good on xbox but i like the story attribute of this one.
dave barnes : easy to play. no problems at all. and keeps ya playin!
ramanuj choudhury : awesome... the story build up is also fine.... high five tod game makers
pat trebble : i've been a trials addict since on xbox live. this game is just as fun. story element keeps it interesting too!
emil manalaysay : great app! good graphics and plus points to the game plot.
anirban ghosh : very nice game superb control . expacting more: )
dave caralivanos : great game. i play trials fusion and this is a great portable version worth playing.
laird gault : loved it. the levels are tough but still love it.
jason brown : i love console trials, and this is an excellent mobile addition.
doug francis : if you like trials you'll like this besides the microtransactions that occur in the game.
blake bellingham : this game here is the worlds coolest game and it is the same as clash of clans and clash of clanes is a great game but i hilley recommend this game and have fun!!!!!!!!!!!
anthony gonzalez : no complaints. good graphics, very entertaining.
hai jie : this game is really fun. and its free so get it asap
elvir talic : i think the tittle says it all... free to play... as with every free app, pay to win
david methven : not much else really needs to be said!
dmytro p : entertaining and vivid. something special among tens of other similar trial games
kristopher selden : trials rocks, and this is another great version. classic trials feel and fun to play on the go.
winston gee : addictive and very fun! game gives a good challenge and the controls are simple to pick up.
lian bond : great game. fairly good story. great graphics. worth the download
vasishth vallabh sharma : i really liked this game and this is one of coolest games available on play store.
patrick mckeown : i'm totally addicted to this game.
dennis remington : thanks for the awesome work on this great opportunity to get smiles!
phil may : does exactly what it says on the tin. now i have trails wherever i go.
russell douglas : it made my eyes fall out
ronin blade gaming : it's everything you can expect out of a trials game
dave frketic : reminds me of playing trials on xbox, best version on android yet!!
squaredspekz too : loves it! that trials feeling on the go
colton le : i love this game this is probably the best dirt bike game i ever played
joe leaston : i love this game the graphics and phyics are great and i love the story line
victor miranda : its addicting trying go beat each level. pretty fun
robert buckner : if you like trials you will enjoy this version
carlos barajas : this was first on the xbox and when i saw it on g play i had to get it
ian g : this is the best game ever because it has you do all of these different challenges and it is also a lot of fun so i recommend it for anyone who likes fun games
joshua honeyman : i cnat believe that my favourite game companies for consoles have made a lot of effort to make a android version of the trials trilogy
desmond brunelle : it is so fun i can't stop playing it
malyn alexandru : great ! no ads, no bugs work perfectly
joseph smith : i love this game it should be in top 50 games
sanjay masand : best bike racing game i have played on a tablet
brad holman : plays well and fun to drop in and out of
christopher fucilla : trials is always a favorite of mine and now its revolutionized
el jiggler : anyone who plays this game will have fun
eric junod : loved it fun and exciting plus no waiting to unlock stuff
harvey hudson : great graphics just like trails eveloution
mahmoud salah : but it should have more upgrades
sean kavanagh : way more detailed than i thought sweet as game
adam wright : one of the best free games on the play store
ryan donnelly : awesome game easy to play great for quick escapes at work
travis : one of the best games on mobile good job ubrisoft
donald cofer : so much like trials fusion
troy rainboldt : very good game kinda like trials fusion for ps4
anthony longobardi : just like trials fusion bit with levels and stamina
johnathan mayo : a great game also some nice graphics
john eastwood : this is an excellent off road fun race
will gray : im doing this so it will stop asking me
kaitoiseverywhere : another great successful trials game
matt wehby : game play is a little stick to the story but a very good game
byron huang : great game, but stops working after 4.4.3 update
vincent robinson : its a fun game just like fusions is so far
6370 arjav singh : the game is 5 star but just remove the fuel part
kacie corsaro : just wish could change appearance of my rider other whise love it
quiet dreamer : good but if downloads faster i would love it
cj garner : love the xbox versions the mobile version works great too
a google user : needs internet for most upgrades but other than that its good to go
troy norton : you can customize your bike and everything
josh eaton : good game does try and get you to part with your real cash
liesurelee minis : runs a little slow but it is fun!
toby james : a must have, best thing since motocross madness
real talk raven : one of the best free games i have played
justyourcasualgamers : i love all the trials games and this one is surprisingly good
joao santos : this game follows up nicely the rest of the trials saga
ross rawlinson : one of the best moto x games there is
leeann dowell : i hope you guys can make it to 5 stars in rating
bam mcc : its as fun as trials hd but without the bail player physics
ian jarvis : better than the xbox or ps games
cody walters : this game is awesome way better than trials fusion on ps4
dunder snatch : gg i am a little bit more impressed with the game than expected
robert griffiths : great game if you like trials on consoles or pc then this for you.
jesse tyler : trial bike racing type game with a story line, good graphics and good gameplay
felix winterbottom : best trials game on mobile made from the best trials creators on console.
chris abraham : makes you feel like playing again and again and the fun never ends...!
peter hayes : just as fun as my xbox version....tons of missions, bikes to unlock and maps to try to conquer.
edward best : totally radical dude like gnarly game bro also jay1 sucks balls at this game
yb ltg : i love this butter its oh so fluffy up your mums meatloaf chunks
game clips : ubisoft is the best and please guys check out trials fusion on the ps4 its pretty amazing
james joyner : well made game. can't believe it's free! thanks ubi
ballin martin : i'm so glad they finally have a mobile trials game!
trayven unger : needs work but still best trials if played 5 stars!
shabbir hussain : its a very good game and i like the adventures very much keep it up
grayson : if u liked 2 girls 1 cup then you'll like this
steven noble : really fun and addictive a d straight to the fun without loads of dialogues
marshall marcano : plays just like the console game love it
nick george : love this game just needs more bikes and upgrades lol
dean wesley : this game is amazing its just like trials hd or trials evolution. get it you will love it!
adam greig : an awesome game that you will love!
connor dowse : like trials hd and evolution this game is pretty good only thing that ruins it for me is the having to upgrade and the slow bike other than that this is good
diego i. chavez : its an awesome app, highly recommend. very funny.
david linham : my mate told me about it and its really fun and addictive
michael cappadoro : can't put it down.
mustafa rizvi : outstanding game , fabulous graphics , mind shaking controls , hilarious game play . loved it...... :-) my first comment for app in 2 years android experience
axel boice : just like on xbox but i can play it anywhere :) download this game!!!
13thpr0ph37 : glad that ubi went the right route on this one. rayman quality.
dequane richardson jr : this game is really fun but even though it might get a little hard it still makes you want to keep trying
michael vob : prity good game. love the grafix. good job
indera dewaputera : veryy addictive! couldn't stop playingg
daniel holland : love the physics engine and so far it is not a pay to win game
caden morris : little slow at times but i lived with it
zach jibben : freemium, but not intrusively so thus far.
missy wade : it's a pretty sweet game. i recommend giving it a try.
alex : the game is amazing! definitely the best game i've ever played
chris ewing : so fun so far cant put it down!
lyes attalah : awesome game, action packed and alot of.fun to play
john : must have for physics game enthusiasts!
michael michael : such moto. much dirt bike. wow!
tim boggs : weird storyline but great controls /gal.2 /
dominic twinn : this game is all that it looks like and more well done ubisoft
billy honey : awsome really cool and it hasnt even downloaded!
nick smith : graphics /scenery is excellent.
kerry murphy : great graphics and complements the psn version nicely
dennis waddell : i love this game i mean wow its so awesome!!!!!!!! don't even get me started about the jackal and the story behind that bike are you kidding me?????? it's mind blowing i love riding the jackal!!!!!!! not going to lie the first time i rode the bike i crashed it and i started to cry just cause of how nice the bike is. that butch guy and turbo lover have no chance against me on the jackal it so awesome!!!!!!!!!!!! long live the jackal!!!!!!!!!!!!!! still love this game but i can't get passed the world map
sid hornback : great game and great way to play trails without a console
brian thompson : its fun played trials on xbox first it was fun
tarek mahmud tanmoy : i think i can play it the whole day
ajs thekiid : love this game hope they make trails 2
charlie george : brilliant trials game as ever and great story line
belinda baffour-akowuah : kind of buggy but its a really good game
supercommex stewart : this game makes you want to play more and more
tomas belchior : a lot of fun to play and kill time with
rich law : addictive and fun. good story with good gameplay.
okto valencia : a moto game i actually love!
hawx headhunter : its a fun game to play if you want something that you can play for 5 minutes or 5 hours
narendra khairnar : amazing gameplay and graphics
alex prester : super amazing but there were a couple of issues
isosleeze : great way to get my trials on when i'm not with my xb1... love it
david lara : no problems and no crashing. :)
benjamin s : nice bike control and contraptions
chris weber : its really fun and no glitches and its a awesome mobile game of trials games
cody harris : impresses on xbox or android it is the best way to play physics based motorcycle games
omar e : i play all ubisoft fames and ice never veen let down ever
pattu sastrigal : easy controls but hard to control it....really awesome
charley cross : it was awesome to play i have been looking for this game a long time!
bortun florin : love this game!great job for the developers!
sophie : an amazing game. one for all ages. doesnt lag. incredible graphics. well played ubisoft
ben creamer : very responsive. fun. just like its counterparts
craig scites : really well designed game. good job guys.
bryan burkhart : this is a very good racing game. no issues yet.
mike odenweller : great game! gorgeous graphics! and..i can pick up where i left off on another device!! perfect!
michael gibbs : if you love trials you will love this game highly addictive
stephen robinson : i love trials. now i can play it anywhere!!
sarah thornton : i love this game really addictive very nice backstory
faheem khan : fantastic game by ubisoft..
jake blair : i love this game but got to a late mission where i need a corny corn and tons of nuts and bolts and keeps crashing update?
jakub bartosiewicz : ...grill game, good fun, would play 24/7 but have to work too hihih
jake dido : it's trailsss for phonees
new sacred cow : a great addition to the trials franchise.
zofficial potato : great graphics, awesome game controls... could go on forever. its truly awesome.
richard howard : absoulty brilliant game this plays brilliant on a moto g phone i also have trials fusion one the ps4 awesome please try
trey gribble : just like trails evolution on xbox 360 just one thing can you update where you can change your characters outfit
shuqran alam : loved it!!i knew it would be a great game its full of enjoyment!!
ahmed taha : i highly recommend it to you!
ric-james meissner : nice game, fun but whateve's
sebastiancunningham : really good it's like a console arcade game
umar naleem : o yea! very good! mia mia
nick margareci : this game rules i'm addicted
andrew priest : that is all must get back to my game!!!
bincy george : loved it so far thanls ubisoft!
chris halstead : keeps me coming back for more!
viktor masnyy : nice game, and nice story
petar yankov : great fun! and it supports immersive mode!
scott gray : remember wasting time is not wasted time
brian : very fun and we'll made app!
a google user : its got very good graphics
sergio rodrigues : a very good and addictive game
david cudzilo : awesome i've all ways liked their games
david mandy : fun to play. kinda like trials fusion
mordimer21 : good game lots of fun.
pawan prasad : great, lovely and very interesting game :)
carl foreman : best ever trials game i have played.
a google user : just as much fun as its main console brethren.
ionut : smoth evolution thru game and great gameplay
tusharkant malik : it is sometimes tough but good game
darren trujillo : this is a great extention to the trials family. fun fun fun
gareth smith : i got to a certain point now i cant do any missions it just keeps crashing all the time i have a lot of missions open
chris patmore : brilliant game. great variation on the theme from the console version.
tony sawkill : very addictive cool with the play friends ghost function.
mia alexander : this is really good game & the controls are easy to use.
christopher cunnah : recommend this to anyone who likes trials.
jesse juelfs : need more games like this on play store
mackenzie feeney : great companion app to trials fusion
dean daley : very good job definitely recommend
stephen loxley : this is so good and i have trials fusions
adam moyse : amazing bike game probably the best there is
rayen chaouachi : people should make more games like this one
red89shelbyjc : nice graphics on smartphones
liam : best racing game so far for 2014
a google user : thumbs up to ubisoft
colin griffin : great little game an loads of fun to play
cowhand 45 : i have enjoyed it so far really addicting
justin notter : it is a farly good game you should try it
brian jensen : great game nuff said
dynamic duos : it has uplay points really good
matthew sweeting : the best motorcycle game ever
sevin striker : this game is more addictive than crystal meth!
colin willett : very cool and loads to do
hethusha umanga : it's way better than expected
andy mcqueen : great game having problems putting it down.
todd christopher ii : hi every body please respond:-)
randy jones : i had this game before and i like it
cdh mtx : just start play awsome!
nelson milligan : love the game only review i have ever done great setup and story make a second one please
nash hill : won't let the game start. keeps stopping after it says trials frontier.
ricardo davila : only wish gas didn't run out
theron hunter : great. yo pass the time and just to play for fun
daniel espinosa : excellent graphics, very entertaining game period.
gor elchyan : the best trial bike game on mobile devices!
neil law : glad they made a mobile version of trials!
aiden richard : super fun!!!!! only thing i don't like is the limitid gas
taylor long : love every thing about it
sasha bryan : i love this game!
jordan ivie : best game i have played in a long time
alexandru gavril : the game has awesome graphics and gameplay.
mohanad a. fathi : try it ,its worth
steven roberts : good work ubi, love it
michael liddle : love it as much as fusion, different but still great
maxime begin : great game. another good title for the franchise
grant brown : great game to pass time.
msx scrappy : fun. wish it was like xbox though.
john majury : great game to help pass the time :)
steve reynolds : lots of fun. all around fun.
steven rivera : fun game re minds me of trials fusion
ernest castillo : it's the best hdd game
robert admirand : great way to pass some time.
a google user : this game rocks. lots of fun
alex williams : i would give the game five stars if there were more maps and more dirt bikes and i also wish you can customize your character but it is the best game i played from the play store and i wish you did not need wifi to upgrade your bike
brandon pecora : fun game controls are alittle tuff but fun game
bryn smith : love trials fusion on ps4, now i can play when im out the house too! great game, so addictive!!!
pcguy63 : an excellent game to pass the time!
ian dick : very nice,must try for yourselfs
jamie simpson : good game, enjoying it very much
jerry payton : it is very fun!!! but...it can be kinda hard and expensive on upgrades
mark flynn : better than i thought
rhys kennett : great game...cant stop playing
david boies : finally this game comes out for android!
ak quip : awesome graphics and game too. just love it
thewelshmadness : really enjoying the game. nice time killer
isaiah o : absolutely amazing game and series!
tinku saikia : waaaoh,,, i have never played such an tempting mobile games. it's a full package.. everything in it..
jordan stewart : very fun and runs well on s2
the davis : love the console version.
chris grover : great game. very addictive
ashish tigga : it is a good bike stunt racing game
felipe jimenez : had so much fun just so adictind
john hartford : great game best racing game ever props to the creators
matthew sullivan : by far the best trials game on android
carlos munoz : you can do cool trunks and as move
brennen bond : good game love fusion for my ps4
rabidkyle : fun fun fun pocket version of trials
ashish ambhore : thanks anand brother :)
jonathin mclean : game is.amazing and addictive keep it up guys
christopher brinson : this game is the best of its kind :)
jason bolomey : just like the console games!
david calvert : very playable game. good fun.
s. purwoko : it really enjoyable playing this game. except for the fuel system...
nick hughes : awesome graphics and gameplay.
nick lozanov : no glitches well put game, great graphics
alex ander : best game on the play store.
rory mckenzie : addictive very addictive.
ymelda mendoza-flores : its the best hope you make a second one i hope that the second one will be like the first and if the second one costs money i am still going to buy it because th i se are like the best games in the world for 2d
kabir lama : beautiful graphics, highly addictive.
zarrah : its a fun game and its addicting
omar abdullah : nice graphics and very smooth game
drew afshari : just as good as the new trials game
gopala murthy : am excellent addictive and pleasant game
c4 panda : i love this game so much
paul fleegle : good fun way to pass the time
a google user : cool game as hell
jozsa jozsef : it is a really good trial game
mikhail doust : great wish there was more like this one
fily alejo : this is one of the best games on the market
john parnell : nice good controls and graphics
simplely : i recommend to dwnload thos awesome game
edward nicholes : best motorcycle game since bike race
tariq muftee : the best game i loved it
gavenbro : very fun challenging game recommended
will sierra : game working perfectly
greg boggs : another good game in the trials series
yasir ali gunn : best racing game on play store
tyler gilkes : i love this cos the screenshots are hilarious
sam adams : fun game that stayed true to its roots
dubie was here : this game is amazing keep on going with this
jayashree ganapathi : pretty good
a google user : bet motocross game on android
evan sheehan : love this game lots of funny finishes
dev desai : it worked awsome
derek dehmer : nice graphic n fun to play
thomas karsted : just like the trials on the console
mildew 46 : its pretty cool
kevin johnson : great game. runs great on my htc m8.
itsjoshh1 : give me a 1,0000 coins please
johnathon gutierrez : so glad it's on the phone too
shailesh ingale : this is one awesome and addictive game.
rayvon pereira : amazing graphics and smooth controls.
a google user : great game. won't launch on my ztpad though.
percy k : tons of playable content to keep you engaged!
b c : great game. highly recommend.
tiemoko diakite : addictive, challenging great fun
jonathan garcia : this game is definitely worth a play.
luis rodriguez : hooked on this game. i love. great game play
julien pierre thibodeau, ptech : really addictive game so far!
akash s : best hill/balance racing game i've ever played. awesome graphics & storyline. this is what a professional company does to our gaming experience ;) simply wow!!!
casey jenkins : just like i wanted it to play!
rob settatree : a great game and very addictive.
bryan kindred : awesome storyline, very fun to play
tyler bergen : great overall game, graphics nd all are good
harry s : love this game. way too fun.
justin beltramo : very fun and addictive. great time to pass time.
goodknight ben : pretty cool game. very entertaining.
joshua van den bergh : it's as good as the pc version.
bobby charlebois : why not play it
jake clapham richmond : addictive game really good impressed!
adam dewees : great game. very addicting
a google user : great game give it a try.
nabeel ahmad : reminds me of six guns.
joel woodlyn : a lot of character in this cartoon /storybook like racing stunt game! *** would love for ubisoft or the developers to work with me on some of my game concepts! --- joel
come get it : awesome game have no problems with the app.
rangon : best trial game i've ever played!!! it has a story which is good...so it is fun to play!! nice work...
dillon du plessie : very good graphics and physics. loving it
vinit ingle : one heck of a motocross game....the best out there....the graphics the gameplay the sound....everything is just awesome....
dan pippus : runs smoothly! love the original and the mobile!
noel graham : good fun and hard to put down.
chris saunders : love it, simplified but great
gareth washer : love that this game has a story to it.
michael stewart : great game gotta link it with trials fusion
hasan askari : great game graphics are awsome love the missions
scott anderson : pretty good game play and upgrades
jose navidad : this game has easter eggs
heldy d luffy : nice app...addicted to it
christopher radcliffe : love this game very smooth.
joseph dela cruz : very smooth to play
damien hill : best bike game out there
kenneth chronic : i love this game
jason kelley : nice smooth graphics and controls
yadiel cruz -ortiz : good game definitely download
john franklin : good story line and fun to play
zachariah james : love trials
jacob beach : loved original on xbox 360
perfect tune : a bit addicting
devin graml : enjoyable game to play when u r board
jon fontanes : awesome game to play
levi millard : addictive and very fun to play
logan pallister : the grafics are great
luis molina : really nice game
steve hursey : best of its kind
xavier moran : very good graphics fun to play
jackieejaay : creatively addicting and very fun
bennylocs armijo : i play it everyday
noah evelyn : crazy addictive and handles really well
misael hernandez : just as good as the game on xbox
bill : lots of bike fun
luke gater : about time there was a good game
john carmen : very good enjoyable to play
h davies : great graphics and very enjoyable gameplay
mike hajek : good game lots of fun
adam tassone : wish they made this earlier
nick thompson : game is lots of fun
javan louis : i really enjoy this game
parker fine : great game for class
l.j. g.g. : this game is so realistic
callum rowland : a must download get it
vitaly mouradian : its a good game
bchidowork : this game is very fun
jason peel : great game good to pass the time with
a google user : awesome game love it
jon coss : real good game
zackary pierce : awesome really fun
katie mckinney : really fun love it
chris fleming : great gameplay and graphics ;)
lsch23 : fantastic for a mobile game love it!!
ivy teo : i wouldn't normally like such games.. but this is fun!!!
luis : this is a really great game . love it
shocktop buhlig : you have been warned, thus game is addictive
diabolo : awesome game good graphics and good controls. get this game
dredrizzle ambrose : this is the best game ever!!
jake phillips : i love the characters,story, and all the other content, again, great game guys!!!(and gals)
pedro lopez : trials frontier is amazing!
kevin cajas : pretty sweet game for a moblie devics
michael keddy : no really it dont suck
henry torres : this game is truely fun and addicting.
deepak pandiya : wow its amazing game
ajitesh sidhu : nice game with good graphics
arnaldo vera : great game handles great
padmanabh : the best game ever .... iv seen !!! its awesome
justin girdler : thoughtful game play, entertaining story line, an inviting, deep world, what more could i ask for in a game?!
chaba borsos : very addictive game, amazing graphics ....
gregory allen daniels : so much fun to play!!!
a google user : save problem fixed. thanks!
chris goad : as frustratingly good as it is on console.
dee porter : cool game very challenging.
jjay 4life : love this game this it's beta on miniclip
dakota birch : i really like this game
nick bohlim : quite the game.
david alvarez : this game is awesome addictive, my son loves it..... thanks guys
christer haraldsson : you want this game.
david mcgown : keeps force closing after update
samuel benalcazar : it's a good time waster
taher yousuf : loved it ,awsome game
spanners watson : this is a sweet game for a freebie. loads of content!!
fire schmidts : this game is my favorite.
deniniece : best game on my pad!
owen griebel : awsome.game love it.but sometimes.its bullshit
cameron schnell : it's so much fun!
turbo moose : wished this was on console!!
ian thompson : can't put it down
karl connor : great work ubisoft!!!
dante toribio : must download now best graphics! :-)
maria nichols : it is so sic and it is so arsome
john rank : it's great
daniel presnell : just spent actually money on this game... the game loads up and everything. the bike doesn't move??
micah perkins : this is addictive and fun!!!!!
badi muhammad : like this game
david macro : rocked my world.
a google user : great game !!! the only game i play on my phone !
zac nobles : fun for the kids or myself...
james w : plays smooth.
dominic rechner : great game... lots of challenges
sergio gonzalez : i love this game more because i ride bikes in real life!!!!!
liam robins : good game. keeps you busy and no problems..... so far.
jayanthan sekar : great game with simple gameplay but unbelievably addictive...!!!
zachary ailak : great game. dig the theme.
erik kopp : i liks the crashes! :)
dinesh chowdary : nice game .... need more games from you
daniel dumrigue : enjoyed playing this!
simon ingle : great game , hrs of fun ..
cody farrah : it's great.
xx-king-407-xx : i absolutely love this game and its so much fun!!
mike payne : gets the fingers going!!
candice robinson : this game kicks butt
rakesh vekariya : unbelievably addicting !!!
alex montilla : awesome game...very fun
zack kumar : thrilled my summer!!
stephen mcneill : excellent game! good graphics .great storyboard. thumbs up!!!
dj lunar : i just love this game.... it makes me crazy.
luke valentine : great game!
heath ross : great game!!
juanita rodriguez : really fun!!!
william deem : and free!
ersa pradhana : very like this game!!addicted!!
alex persi : nice graphics nice game play
adam harrison : dude!! this an awesome game!!
rupanka kalita : awesome game man....love ubisoft
aldo abelleyra : this is an amazing game for it to be free
luke charles : cool game enjoy it very much
dillon mifsud : fun, and epic gameplay
richi morales : this game is fun fun fun!
julien llanes : polished game!
hede lek : great game!
malachi enns : great game!
jonathan berry : lot of fun!
june cabatan : great game!
navdeep singh : pretty addictive....
aaron harris : fun but my upgrades won't install. ..
giga gogitidze : nice game loved it.
a. waly : love those trials .
jesse ichihara : great game, love it
a google user : top game
john paul tantengco : cool game!
roy : awesome thanks for fixing!
rob scott : try this app. just... don't hesitate. try it.
mikey owen nicholld : amaing love the campaign!
tarek monier : interesting game from ubisoft..
prem jajani : it's a nice game
amaan atiq : love this game it's amazing
horacio cuevas : its addicting
sumit nepali : ya really addicted
ranch dip : this game is the bomb
zach b : pretty cool.
kunal singh : is it possible for ubisoft to make a bad game?
austin crouch : great game !
andy donaldson : love trials, love this
nico doye : really enjoy this game!
jason atkinson : excellent game....good graphics very fun...
fernando camacho : hi and this is a good.game
kevin tetz : great! great game!
tim fish : addictive!!
dustin keller : great game!!!!
matt fry : i did this because they told me to
pedro morales : except for the first butch mission
bertinus mamuaya : great game
a google user : good go.. must try
akshat govekar : awesome....i'll surely enjoy.....
michael kleinpaste : great game!!!
nemanja jovanovic : just an awsome game.
emerson levy : addictive!
drake montana : love playing it.
lathan bedwell : what else could you ask for?
tyler matheson : still awesome...
abhi nextech : awesome game.. love it
littlegodd11 : the game is awsome!!!!!!!!!!
roy speight : awesome gameplay great graphics
sanoop parayil satheesan : excellent..... really good
yugvendra singh : awesome graphics
brandon graham : great game really addicting
simpluigi : is challenging and is awesome
shabik shah : good but shop was cheap
a google user : awesome game with gd progression
kay p : i love this game
roccongb : i love dis this game
tim jones : this is a cool game
patrick diaz : this game is awsome
siddhant nanaware : i love this game
amanda maxwell : fun game download it now
tyler fulcher : its great
johnny soto : it is the greatest game for bikes
crypt3c- soul509 : it a awesome game
invalid3328 : realty cool game
ionut apriutesa : it is nice game
keshav sathe : great game till now
robert edmiston : worth the dl
andrew stuart : this a great game to play
king of the clouds : this truly is a good game
anne palma : very good graphics
shane langjahr : this game is fun as hell
tony gates : grea game very fun
josh witmer : trails is always funnnn
just courtney : this game is awesome
robert milwee : game is purely awsome
kunwar singh : best game in my openion
blackfox3xd : just the best
michael mau : game of the year graphics
andre black : i love this game its
craig drinkwalter : very fun to play
jake jones : great game lots of fun
cassidy eiben : fun and easy
cezar alexandru : and fun game
larry evans : loving it
nilsa laureano : gevi it a tray
michael kentopp : the best game
paul holden : very addictive
joe wynne : good for time wasting
brandon holzer : totally not expecting get for this game to be almost just like the xbox version. it is very close and addicting. try it out guys!
kit inchley : great game.
asher russell : this is awesome!
patrick g : cool game.
quentin allen : it's great
tyler mitchell : sweet port from.console
devin chasko : good way to pass the time
christopher hinchliffe : this game is sweet
javed amdani : very nice game
jazib khan : this game is fabulous
tony miller : i love the game
gabriel mcgrath : great game and loads of fun
kirti rustagi : the. best
seth rhinehart : great gameplay
justin logan : is the shitttttttt
dominick bagneschi : pretty easy
barry dean : love this game
shayne bunton : great game
john misch : it is a great game
laramie darden : this game is awesome
russelldrake2525 : great game
ven ac : love this game
shakeel cheaku : verrry goood graphics
mono lithic : great game
joaquim farinha : great game
clarence howard : great game
drew sullivan : live it
plus x tract : love it so much
jesse : lots of fun
brandi dowden : very addicting
dead silence 0205 : great game
alex : one of the best games
yvan salazar : it is the great game
shane cooley : addictive as hell
melvin alcantara : cool
madalin marian : really nice
shri _shri : sexy game ever
sebbyz : very addicting
b : tons of upgrades
rebecca phillips : great game
bryce schramm : funn and exciting
furshur furshur : great app
michael magana : great game
julie morris : this game is awesome
rodd kaczmarek : good times
angel lopez : the best game
xenx : love this game
mathew matiyasic : simple and fun
andyd : addicting
kaili fernandez : cool
kayla jomarron : game is awsome
wicked joe : great game broh
bradley wigginton : great game
victor suarez : the best
zachary buckner : winners r awsome
thaieler henson : lots of fun
logan : it is the best
jacob snyder : great game
siddharth gupta : addictive with this game
brennan middleton : this is the best
conan lovelock : great game
scott donham : great game
xxbestkillerxx3 : awsome game love it
julien espinoza : true trials on a little screen
ricky mason : really gd game
t m tomlinson : will not connect to internet
rhianna barclay : this game os topp
ricky lincoln : fooo
julian knox : the truth
mc poppa pete : this game is epic
filthy nasty : its ok
davski gaming : great game
shaggy thistle : awsome physics
jason d : great game
wolfraptor williams : great game
erviann shirai : thanks
ghost : great and addictive
danboy : great game
