dallas chowboys : the new update just ruined your game. whomever programmed this update should be fired. this needs to be fixed like today. possibly deleting and blocking developers apps from all electronic devices of employees. i don't need more frustrations caused by a game. and another update that turned the died and power down another 25% and way too many ads. you wreck more so they get more ad money....
drew sidoni : new update is not fun, just makes the game 10 times harder with not being able to restart in practice, not gaining stars from practice. also changing the order of the maps is confusing because for new players your putting some of the hardest levels on the first slide and the easy one at the end. game before update: game after update:
russ clark : still the same issues 3/5/2022..well...been playing for a few years and i am tired of the cheaters in the tournament games...yes emailed and no response other than they say you cannot....how do you explain levels that some of the best over the years finish at an average of 30 seconds and a newb comes in and does in 14 seconds with the slowest bike....been seeing a lot of this lately....and now they took away the restart button and force you to x out of game to get you to watch ads.
bim cuachin : quality dipped after the latest update. edit: messaged the devs. apparently, they stand by the recent disappointing updates. consequently, i stand by my 2-star rating. i'll gladly give 5 stars if the game improves but judging by the trend, it seems to be spiralling downward.
akash p : totally devastating game. filled with tones of adds. you can't complete a single level without watching add. it feels like i downloaded the game for watching advertising.
kipkoech kwambai : man.. everybody just wants an offline game. not all of us are connected to the internet all the time. i would gladly buy an offline version if, i don't care abouts ads, i just want an offline game.
michael cox : this game is pretty ok. the level design would be pretty good if they actually ironed out nearly impossible areas. most of the time, coming out of a loop-the-loop, it's up to pure chance if you make it out. go a little too fast and the rider will hit his head. i'm all for fine throttle control, but when your controls can't be resized and it's a touch screen, make the openings a little more forgiving. also, machu picchu #15 is a great example of what is wrong with this game.
bubblezov love : the controllability of the bike makes this game really good!! sure i have to play it in short stints because i get frustrated but all the best games are like that a bit. the only thing i'd suggest is to make the bike sound less artificial sounding. it sounds like repeating of a small sample. but that's a tiny thing. this game is great!!
u3uu3u : was a good game, but have increased adverts meaning every couple of attempts at a level you have to sit through an advert, and on the harder levels this is too much.
nicholas potter : this game used to be great. it once had well balanced adds to game play for a ftp game, but once they removed to 2nd set of levels and introduced the ridicules volume of adds i was seriously put off, if a games going to shamelessly money grab and leave me suck waiting for adds every 3 attempts i'm not going to abide and continue to line their bank accounts and play their tainted game. not to mention how frustrating it was to be 1 track away from finnishing the level they removed. disappointing
bradley mitchell : game was nice, but you cankot win races against bikes levels above yours, matchmaking is terrible, as you are put into races against bikes that jump higher and further, go faster and cost a fortune that you can never earn.. ok to kill time, don't expect to win very often if at all.. disappointing
andre rich : games retarded just like most of the rest of them it is swipe to win which makes it not a skill game but a cash game. who can spend the most... after that i spent all of my 15k on engine upgrades and still can barely make it up the hill on the first fing level. you people clearly just want money. greedy game makers suck ball don't worry you aren't alone this game like most isn't worth a monthly fee or even a 1 time purchase of the same price.
michael morley-clarke : this game is hard. sometimes i ask "why are you doing this to me?". its old school hard. the devs really want you to master the secrets of each course. but at times i do call bad design. like when adjusting the bike causes the rider to stick his head up into a low hanging plank. some obstacles are just buggy and frustrating. it can require lots of fine tuning of your run. however, there is huge replayability potential as you level up your bike and improve your skill.
bradley : it's a very good game, with realistic ragdoll effect and sound effects. its great for killing time. i have a slight problem though. sometimes when my character falls of his bike, his body can occasionally glitch out or get stuck through obstacles. please can you fix these issues. thank you for keeping the explosives, very nostalgic touch as i remember playing trial xtreme 3 and it was awesome!
brylan gannon : the game is challenging, addictive, console quality and not swarmed with adds. worth spending a few bucks to help development (i threw in $10). one thing that i say this game needs to be perfect is a reverse button. going in reverse would allow you to climb up and over any difficult obstacles, which would also allow for many more levels and styles of obstacles to be made. please consider!
jeremy jones : great game! my only complaint is even when you have the best bike and its upgraded all the way, you don't stand a chance competing against the opponent in any of the tournament races. the opponent seems to have some sort of super jumping ability or a next to zero gravity jumping feature that i can't seem to get. if the opponent had to hit the obstacles like me, then i might be able to win a tournament race. that's one glitch that makes me not want to play it very often...but it's still fun.
matthew roberts : there are spots in the game that seem to have been designed specifically to make you fail, low cross bars, tight loops with little head room to pass through. it also seems that the special launches sometimes launch to fast or hard and then you'll crash mid air for no reason. seems like some glitches need to be fixed.
dean nicolson : latest update has ruined it! it was a brilliant game before the last update. since then you can no longer control the bike properly and it is difficult to learn again once you are used to how it was before. you push back to do a wheelie, and it doesn't work anymore until you are in the air, so impossible to do certain jumps which you need to already be on your rear wheel for. shockingly bad controls now, whereas it was easy to control once you had a bit of practice originally. re-boot!!!!
alex markowski : this game has small control areas and are too close to each other. for example, when accelerating the brake, that stops you instantly, will sometimes get triggered and you lose all you momentum. the rotating buttons and jump button are all within the bottom left corner, and cannot be properly touched. a simple fix would be to allow people to configure the control how they want.
radford family : it can be fun but extremly hard and the upgrades are terrible. the special levels are almost impossible to beat. the stuff to to change your character is ten times as much as it says in the corner of the screen. the graphics are the worst graphics i've ever seen. its very hard. i could not beat level three until i got better. i would not recommend this game to anyone
abhijeet singha : i remember playing this game long time ago, back then i really found the customisation option cool.. i would prefer the customisation option to be included if possible. it helps us connect more with the game. also if you could seperate solo and multiplayer, it could be more interesting. this would add more options for the players to do, currently it feels a little stiff and restricted. players would like to be free and have more options to play with.
owmylehg : this could have been a great game, the mechanics and graphics are very good. the suspension physics are also good. the currency is way to hard to get, which makes the game feel super grindy. if you want to earn money at a decent rate, you need to do races. the races suck. you get pitted against way to high level people on way to good bikes. and when (not if) you lose, you lose half the amount you could have won. this is a gambling game. this could have been a great game but this ruins the game.
ajmal sarwar : this is the stupidest f****** game i have played in my life. in some stages you have to attempt a particular course 50 times before you get past it. why make a game challenging for the most part but then so challenging in others that it makes you want to smash your phone? how about having settings where the 50 plus attempts are separate from the other difficulties. i got to the 11th stage but just gave up after trying a certain point so many times without any progress that i just gave up.
ross n : great game but incredibly frustrating that the gameplay in online competition mode is so jumpy with a lot of bugs and freezing - to the point of not being worth playing. if it weren't for that, it would possibly be the best game i have ever found on the play store. it is seriously let down by this aspect of gameplay.
alexander allison : probably the best motor cross game i've played. couple of things to improve when starting a duel you should be able to practice the map it gives you. same for a tournament, you end up spending a grand or 2 not knowing what the map looks like. the payout for map completion is too low. next stage shouldn't be bought but earned through stars. the price of in game money is extortionate, i would actually pay if the price was considerably lowered. the jump function is wack too
xian tangalin : the game is perfect just add more physics's and get the graphics more better overall its perpect beautiful best#1 best bike game
glenn jagger : nice game but the courses get too complex too quickly. 3 stars only because some of the obstacles are very frustrating and not very intuitive making me want to delete the game. edit 5/2/20: thank you for your response but this is not an rpg. if a game like is that frustrating for players they have too seek support in order to get to the next level, it ceases to be fun. i don't mind a challenge but some of these levels are ridiculous. i will be deleting this game.
roser : it's frustratingly difficult since the first level, super buggy, and the physics are just wrong and unpredictable. the way the game works makes it very challenging to win coins and races, by pairing you with people with better and faster bikes than yours. and, finally, it's plagued with ads whenever you're not actually playing.
brandon donovan : my experience grew terrible, and i've lost respect for the game. ads are understandable but there were too many, and bugs, the way the tracks don't even work properly in terms of where to go, it overall felt rushed. rushed, like the-night-before presentations in high school.
dru g : i have given this 5 stars as i feel it is unfair to mark down because of the issues i have. plus it looks! like a great game. however i wouldn't know because i downloaded it wanting to play it, but apone starting i was told it needed permission to photos media and storage so it can save my game data. thats kinda fine but just let me play the game and dont save stuff, give me the choice. that however wasent a deal breaker, but the next part with the old 3rd party partners to improve my experience bollox, and i can opt out by sending emails. forget it. its a game. uninstall, look for something else.
alan mundle : a brilliant game until you started adding 2 minute long adverts which you can't skip and which don't actually advertise anything. i know you have to make money but i pay more interest to the 10 or 30 second ads than this nonsense. added response: as i said, i have no issue with ads generally. it's the stupidly long ads which are basically just pictures with strange music.
akash dalai : this game is good but there was only racing please this game second part please launched cycle simulator this game was the favourite all audience
christian isaacs : customize clothing in main menu no options are available to change outfit just ad to randomize ...
jay rathod : app is good but too much ads for everything they will give you only ads....
devz gaming zone : best bike racing game i ever played in my life.but in the new version 2.13.1 i can't buy anything or equip anything i already bought
mortem anima : used to play this but when i checked recently it's gone quite "downhill" you used to be able to customize the characters now you have to watch adverts and hope that the mismatched turd of an outfit is at least halfway decent i was actually hoping for some new levels mabye something different some thing new and advanced a real challenge nope , all i found was the same old levels that i already completed years ago . . .
steven woodliff : collected coins for ages to buy better bike then once bought no races give me stars or coins also watch ads option for coins has gone also got a new level and can't get any stars or win any races even if i beat opponents
cozmyn : considering how crappy and full of ads today's play store games are, this is a masterpiece. there are video ads, but they're short and you encounter them so rarely that you won't even notice them. that's how all games should do, a big congrats for not ruining the game with ads. but the good things don't stop here, the graphics, sound and gameplay are amazing! the levels are very challenging and well crafted too. multiplayer is a ton of fun, but there are some cheaters. overall, it's amazing!
hyperion sgw : played opening stage. then that's it game shuts down. seems to play alright. wanted to do a loopty loop but guess that's not happening. giving one extra star because you guys replied. nice. not sure if i want to spend time sorting out problems with a mobile game but if it helps it flashed a message for split second so didn't see it. but if you going to tell me must buy the whole game to unlock the rest then nah. i don't put time into mobile games. bytbreally seems like a nice game.
cristian leonte : don't download or invest time and money in this game. full of ads! after every crash you get ads on. the middle of the screen, u are forced to watch some ads - you have no x/close button available - you have to wait for them to finish. is almost unplayeable if you don't buy their in-game coins - as you're very limited gaming wise. 1st 8 tracks are available for offline play and next it asks you to play online. stay away of this game!
christian stepanek : the game glitches like crazy (rider spawns in wrong orientation, rider falls despite perfect landing, etc.) and the matching system can pit you against someone with the best bike despite still being on the first one yourself. this means you can play extremely well and lose all your coins through no fault of your own. what's more infuriating is that this would be an ok game otherwise.
sydor21 : the money you can spend in this game is insane. great base game but not backed up by fixing glitches or snags on the levels. i've contacted support previously and explained some snags in the game but it's still a real issue. really disappointing. using a different phone now, oneplus6. installed and uninstalled multiple times and it won't even run after spending well over 100 on in-game purchases.
sushil patil : i am playing this game from long time and i am kind of addicted as it is becomes more interesting after we upgrade bikes. but currently facing performance issues with hurricane bike. when i upgraded rear and front fork to level 4 red colour, its not working as previous upgrades worked. instead of long jump it's short jump now. also acceleration is not good... its worst acceleration until now... losing all my games with this upgrade...
raz kain : latest update removes the customize options for the bikers, what genius came up with that idea? you can no longer customize your character like you used to, its just random garbage now. all the clothing that i have bought are gone.
nick swope : stop forcing ads so tired of random ads that interupt the game uninstalled also its near impossible to beat the opponents now without spending real money which i will never do.
sean hansberry : great game but polluted with hackers. it's not hard to tell that someone is cheating when their time is 5+ seconds faster when everyone is using the same bike. really ruins the "competitive" aspect of the game imo. this happens for every tournament of every level so really no point in trying to compete at a high level with this game. tldr: too many cheaters, dont waste your time
weslie mclaughlin : i have a few issues with this game, 1. i can appreciate having ads to make money off of a free game. there are plenty of free games that do this well. this is not one of them. the ads are way too long and frequent. 2. it feels slow. i don't mean the app runs poorly. it runs just fine. but for a game about extreme sports? i can run faster than the character model moves. 3. the speed causes it to be boring. and i don't want to play a game that's boring.
thiago rocha : apparently if you spend coins on upgrading your bike, you can't unlock levels. cool cool. literally unplayable because i can't undo that, i uninstalled the game, cleared data, deleted obb, tried everything. the problem is that i really liked the game and would have played it a lot, but the game itself doesn't seem to want me to.
bruce corona : i was so excited to play this game. everything about it seemed great: controls, graphics and progression system... until the hackers show up. nothing like racing for coins against a player who floats over all the obstacles. just check out the videos of all the "master" runs. gamers floating over a majority of the coarse and stealing a best time. uninstalling.
danny prime : fun is replaced with frustration very quickly! the game play is pretty decent but lacks consistency, you can go flatout through a part one time and be fine, the next time your head will hit an obstacle and you're dead. racing against others to make money is totally not at a fair level, when you lose by 20 seconds (with a competitor who is literally jumping the entire track) and your fastest ever time is only 40 seconds on a track you've gone flatout on.
avi lugassy : awesome game. im not usually a gamer but it plays really well. been playing it for a few months actually. over all awesome game but takes a long time to earn points! buying points is way too expensive for the cost in game but once the points were on offer for 300% extra.. that was a reasonable price and even then you can't buy much. over all awesome game and fun to play
geri cala : initially i gave this 5 stars but a lot has changed. 1. the maps used to be locked but on new year's they unlocked them it should have stayed that way. 2. bike upgrades. i do not understand how someone with the same bike as me can jump 10x times more than me when my bike is fully upgraded. maybe hack?! 3. lately i can't win any race at all cause the game matches me with someone that has the best bike (800.000 coins) and it is impossible to win.
tilted 247 : game play is fun, but there are too many ads in my opinion. i get they need them at times, but it's excessive here. for that reason, i'm uninstalling.
some guy : this game sucks! you barely get to play due to all the f*king lag. i have lost all of my money several times because of this single fact. it's not worth the time and space. and even if it doesn't lag for whatever reason the game still isn't that great. the graphics are just ok, the controls kinda sucks and it's more or less difficult to get money when you're broke on the game
pavel pavlov : i like the game so much the graphics are nice as well as the handling and everything, problem is that it is managed in a very stupid way you aways get mismatched with stronger motorbikes that you cant afford to get with money from the game, it is a dead end if you dont pay real money and even if you want to pay the prices are ridiculously high for a simple android game, a good motorcycle would cost you 107 euros which is just stupid, it is a great game but makes me delete it, coz it's pointless
ginger ninja : very good game best of it's kind in my opinion, would be nice to add a regional tournament option, because some people just have too much time on their hands to compete against. however very well built game, controls are fair, best mobile game that works with gravity mechanics, and speed versis distance motions.
sam young : i enjoy the racing, but the ads are a little much. you paused? heres an ad! completed a level? heres an ad! screen saver came on? heres an ad! its kind of ridiculous. and theres really limited ways to get gold without betting and you have to have an overall winning ratio to not loose gold doing that.
tanner williams : the game is fun but they keep changing up the physics of the game, like how much gravity there is or how the bike control handles and how the bike reacts to different moving parts. like in thailand #13, before you could get a good launch and finish the course in like 20 seconds but now you just phase through the launch track without any speed... go back to how it originally was!!
justin anderson : love the game before the changes. my daughter and son both play on my phone and it was nice to be able to switch genders and outfits for them. after many ads and time on my part we had the look they wanted on there characters. then the update took it all away. we now have moved on to mad skills motocross where they are able to customize there character to look however they want not some stupid randomly picked look. seems minor but to kids it's the little things that keep them playing.
hero turtle : while the gameplay is interesting, entertaining and intriguing just be warned: no progress without actually buying stuff with hard, i.e., real money! making any progress will cost you dearly (couple of hundred bucks!). so rather stay away from this one in the first place! edit: okay, i found out playing tournaments and duels yields needed game money. i'm more like a solitary guy an tried to play all be myself. ps: this game is rather difficult which i quite like.
redrum : hello! i really hope you read this review, it can help the game! please bring back the old physics, the new physics are to hard to work with and makes the game to hard. sometimes the game makes you race people who are faster than you, you should make in a way so that you race people with the same bike and upgrades as you. make the other bikes less expensive, so that way the game is not so hard, also make the bike upgrades less expensive to. please bring the clothing from trail extreme 3 to! also, could you make the camera a little bit more back? it's to close to the rider and bike. thanks!!!
corey watkins : this is terrible, i finish the tutorial, then it takes me to the start screen, then when i click play it just clicks but nothing happens, no matter how many times i click. and literally everything else is locked until you complete 3 races which guess what, i can't complete fix it i'm just gonna uninstall
zama msibi : it shows ads during the gameplay, unless you're not connected to the internet. i cannot turn off data everytime i'm playing this game just to avoid these ads because i might miss out important notifications. ads pop out in full screen suddenly after every race, i uninstalled it for that reason, flipping ads.
siberian pine : it's a good game - well designed levels that reward practice, thinking outside the box etc however microtransactions are obscenely expensive and this can block your progress later on. i don't mind chucking a game a few pounds but this one - bike upgrades start at 75k (9) up to 500k (45), some level sets cost 200k (17.50 worth of coins) to unlock. you get a sign in bonus of 5-10k coins a day but it's not enough to compensate. i am not spending that kind of money just on a mobile game!
jordan royals : it's a free-mium game, but it's never so challenging that you're forced to spend money. no ads unless you choose to watch one which is really nice, and the app isn't pushy at all (doesn't make you feel pressure to spend actual currency). overall i'll give it 4 stars.
d. oliver : ok but far too difficult to advance far without paying to upgrade your bike. far too many adverts (1 after every attempt!) some of the videos for the perfect level are stupid and unachievable- one even seemed to float on water and bipass a ramp totally. don't bother trying to challenge opponents as they are bots designed to win 99% of the time and as such are designed to take your money in the hope you'll win. sort out these issues and you have a 5 star game.
david tomlin : this game is great to a point. when racing someone with the similar spec bike, it's down to ability and skill. not sure if it's a hack but i seem to be racing top spec bikes more and more which are unbeatable, meaning you coin count is quickly wiped out. i've bought coins a few times to upgrade my bike but won't be doing this again due to remaining coins being lost by this issue. never seem to race lower spec bikes, strange!?!?
dolton moss : its pretty hard to make these trial games bad but they managed to do it. i dont want to race ai i just want to do flips and tricks. the game is also pretty cheesie with some of the obstacles not working as intended. also you upgrade your bike and you go way to fast for the course so youre really just hurting yourself.
dod jam : i really love this game! extreamly challenging. a bit to hard right off the bat, once you get the flow its amazing. only reasson i gave it 4 and not 5 is the oh so fun "pay to play" rubbish. this model of gaming is out of control in everyway. $20 bucks should be able to buy you a title. that amount in this game only opens up the next series of levels. way to expensive, way to long to do it for free. im a player who pays usually $100 a game if there is value.
giuseppe schiantarelli : last update is awful!!!! back button to control the bike doesn't work anymore! all the driving mechanics changed which means that you have "to learn" how to drive it from zero!!!! loads of bugs! i give 2 stars 'cause before the last.update was ok! reply to the developer: i think is clear enough. buttons to control the bike didn't work. sometimes it get stuck pushing forward with no reason. all the physics of driving has changed and it is now unplayable.
veer singh : i would rate this 0 stars. when i played in level 11 i first went to practice, i won so nicely. but when i raced for money i always died and it took er hell of er long time to win. my bike was even more upgraded than my opponent, but then that player won and won! i had to keep restarting the level. some time later i finally won but guess what? he won before me. this game is nice but sometimes it's very bad.
ntando sandile : the game isn't friendly to winning.. and great graphics don't help.. maybe the game gets more interesting but it's start off difficult & if you can't defeat a level you can't don't anything to unlock the next level. i can't recommend this to anyone.. find one hard level & you'll never see the following level. 1% can't get 3 stars! think about that.. but if data isn't no issue.. check it out.
a google user : ads in mobile games have gotten unbelievably bad recently, but this app takes the cake for the most disgusting, invasive ads with the highest disregard for usability or any kind of integrity. literally ads in the middle of the screen covering large swaths of game content, forced unskippable ads after every level with back button hacking, designed for the sole purpose of pushing these ads and even if you pay to remove them you have to constantly pour microtransactions into it to play most levels.
arron brimble : used to be so much better but they are trying so hard to push you to buy a new bike or more lives its not fun anymore. takes you a long time to complete a difficult level because you use your lives so quickly and have to spend 30s waiting for an ad to have another go. they should introduce something like on scorehero where you can buy unlimited lives for a certain period of time. would make it much more enjoyable and less infuriating.
thomas k : game plays great! and if i wrote this a month ago i would be giving it 5 stars. but this month, jan2020, they did some updates that ruined the playing experience. they added a load of ads, but mostly they locked all the maps that were unlocked before and have to gain coin to unlock them. it makes the game very grindy becauae you have to replay levels and win races over and over again to unlock new stuff.
xkotik19 : very nice game. good graphics and quality l. it's not like the trash dirt bike games. it gets a 4 str because we cant change characters in offline mode or bikes or anything and it's quite expensive to get new bikes considering you have to pay to challenge someone and if you lose money is gone. so yeah.....
kenny preston : pretty simple graphics & playability, but none the less it's a good fun & fantastically great little game for killing a bit of time if ur stuck on a long train journey or something, and game content took me straight back to reminiscing about being a kid again playing on whatever console i had at time?? properly good fun little game "happy days" till novelty wears off at least? lmfao
freddie boi : what a shame. i loved this game when it wasn't a constant money grab. the other 2 maps were available for free. now you lock them!? 18 a month!? i'm annoyed because if it was a one time purchase of 18 then i might have done it but 18 is still a lot of money! you pay about 210 per year for a silly little game dlc that should have the dlc for 5. i'm let down.
nicholas daniel : the game is really good and interesting wish they brought back the customize option for the rider as we need to watch an ad for a random outfit which is so bad. that's the only issue. please bring back the customize option.
dalton lavigne : needs big bug fixes. cant even finish the last 5 levels on the 'russia' level ,with the tornado, do to the bike just glitching out. it's very stressful when your in a race and loose because of things that are out of your control. was fun until you get to the later levels though.
joshua parkinson : it is clearly bots on the game, when you can't get past an obstacle they cant and as soon as you do they pass it too, also they don't even drive like they are on the course it's like they skim over missing obstacles which makes it a lot harder to keep up, if it was more fair i would rate it higher
a google user : when i had iphone a few years back i played one of the originals of this game and it was good but this version nunber 4 is really bad the more levels you go through the more recycled bs it is some of it is understandable there is only so much you can do for a trial game then w the mandatory admin level access the app supposedly needs which is just false and caniving then after i watch ads back to back im forced to watch another and you wanna make it online only remember when it was a good game?
sergiy gurjev : the latest update gives more glitches as before. previous version was playable, this one - can stuck at the most unwaited moment. there is button in settings to disable effects, but it's have no sence. also they changes physics for bilkes. bad for you!
elliot r : last update makes controls more difficult and jumps almost impossible to clear. it was already hard to rank high in free 4 all but now almost pointless trying. suspiciously the first place player somehow defies gravity with the lowest bike you can use (only one allowed in free 4 all), how do you get that upgrade lol.
david swanson : its a good fun and challenging. i have ridden trials bikes in the past and this game does a good job of creating realistic physics. i'm looking forward to learning the different tracks. my thanks to the creators
robot man : trail extreme 3, was much better. this game relies heavily on online conpetistion between other players and its really anoying when your offline or dont want to do that. please make the next trail extreme game more like trail extreme 3(if it's in the works). thank you
jacob m. high : it might have been a fun game if you had made it to where a person could continue in the game without paying tons of money. or even race against others. i deleted it. 8 tracks is not enough to keep me interested, and i'm not paying constantly per race.
michael scott : pretty ok, a few levels don't flow very well and have random stops or areas that require you do to seemingly awkward movements. also paying to start a level is literally the definition of pay to play. the app needs some serious quality work instead of hiding behind the nice graphics
mark erzuah siam : first of all for those wondering if this is an offline game the answer is no. it's 98% online, the only offline mode is practice.another thing is for 2020 the graphics is kinda outdated and the gameplay for me is not that engaging,its not really a freestyle motor game.and the obstacle course for me is not that difficult.
sa power : i would give it no stars if i could not worth it i would rather play three the only differences between the two are the titles leggy bad graphics like all the others and there's no hit box for when your front tire goes under the ramp and you are stuck there you can't even hop out of it and the hop barely does anything in 3 the hop jumped like three feet in real life you would hop and go like 2 feet in the air in trail extreme 4 you jump like 3 inches. please fix this i want to play the game!
samuel gill : the game is fun, but there is a horrible bug when i accidentally accepted to like with facebook- i stopped it at the second prompt with facebook but now it hangs trying to link with facebook. i eventually accepted but didn't give access to friends list, now it wont let me start up the game as it is constantly prompting for access to friends list.
daniel bareket : i like the game and used to play it in its first versions, but in this one it's almost impossible to upgrade your bike, the opponents that you race could be 10 levels above you and the whole thing just reeks of *pay to win*
brett davies : update. wasn't getting my daily bonus at first, i then started to get my daily bonus which helped progress, now my daily bonus has stopped being paid again, despite me returning every day, please can you sort this out as i'm loosing a lot when it doesn't pay this to me. thank you. good game all round, just trying a little too hard to make you have to buy coins, just spoils it as it's hard to progress with normal gameplay.
mr. fat : hi!,this is a really good game i love it but there is a little problem...... the problem is there is a bug. so when i earn money i don't get the money. and there is a second bug.....when im playing the wheels sometimes goes through the map and that is annoying but this game is great and please fix it
jun nakao : too many advertising between races. i don't believe on the choose ad or whatever. advertising is advertising. the game itself is good as has been the series. sadly choice of revenue. thanks but not thanks.
clay silkiner : the game itself is fun. what ruins it is upgrading your bike takes way...way to long. you have to grind and grind the same levels over and over to get enough in game currency to upgrade your bike. this totally ruins the game. one star for the playability and one for the graphics. minus one star for the upgrade process, minus one for how you earn in game currency and minus one for the frustration.
jacob bishop : you have to really upgrade your bike to be any good and they dont give you enough money to keep racing while upgrading and you get paired up with people with super upgraded bikes throughout the game even if you just started so if you pay to race and get paired with a crazy bike your screwed and lose the money and for some reason when i race the bike runs like it's super boggy and has no power but when i do practices it runs perfect and is way faster it's super irritating
aleksa adzic : the gameplay is great, but the ads are so annoying. it keeps asking me to rate the game after i pressed no for a hundred times. it even shows ads in the middle of the race.
brandt cross : annoying first when i downloaded the game, all the levels were available, then one day now you have to buy the level, at an outrageous cost. now the game lags at checkpoints, and has inconsistent control input.
gabriel danut : the game is really good and addictive. especially the online tournament. it's great overall. although for some reason since early updates, my character and bike it's really dark. you spend lots of game money to build the character and it's not visible.
jayanth b r : the overall gameplay is good. the graphics and the physics of the game is also good. but the only thing that disappoints me is in beating the opponents. the opponent is selected randomly and they have much better vehicle than us.
phil roberts : warning: this has placed pop up ads on my phone which are incredibly intrusive! premium avg and malware bytes aren't stopping them! great game though... edit: these are not game ads. something has jacked my phone since installing and running te4. at a complete guess i'd say there's some kind of vulnerability which has been taken advantage of. i don't believe it's malicious from the devs, rather, the code's been exploited. i was wrong - this is malicious!! facebook has just banned this game!!
lachlan nash : do yourself a favour and don't download it very inconsistent with its maps, one time the planks will break going full speed then other times you drive into them and it doesn't brake. to up grade you bikes takes along time. very poorly matched with othere players to race against them when they have the top tier bike and you only have the start up bike so you can't get money to upgrade
mr. voly : game is 4 stars ,but the commercials right when i'm racing with someone that's insane if you could fix that i would give it five stars. i spend almost 80 hours. and i like the game !!!!
chris jordan : everything is great except the ads and how much it costs to upgrade things. ads are worth 4300 each when you watch them to open levels. they are worth 300 when you are watching them to get the coins themselves.
edward navarro : i am hooked on this game. a must have. download this now. some tracks are fun easy and satisfying where others are challenging to the point you want to smash your phone but practice. also, if you're having trouble, try viewing the "masters" run times.
james palmer : this game has a ton of potential. but, greedy devs put a pay wall in. way too expensive to upgrade your bike with too little reward for completing courses. with the expensive packages you can buy, why are there so many ads? pick one or the other
austin johnson : the game is fun but most the people i get paired up with have a huge advantage cause they have a way better bike and you know the saying "the true definition of insanity is trying the same thing over and over again and expecting different results"? yea, well in this game you can do the same thing over and over again and each time you will get a different result which makes some levels very frustrating.
mahtab alam : good game but i face some issues when plyaing this game. like server problem and don't have any on/off sound button and major proble is it takes very large time to start the game and i face some connecting issues automatically lost the internet connections so i can give 3 stars out of 5
shadow warrior : goo looking game, smooth scrolling... couple of bugs... randomly get trapped in a n area, no matter what happens you stay stuck until you deliberately crash just to get out of being stuck. otherwise a good game. probly!
justin ensinger : could be fun but the game is too inconsistent and prone to glitching. controls are difficult and often don't work right. other players have become so good i can't compete or ever win. commercials are basically soft porn.
bob smith : i have to give this app one star, solely on the ads. my 4 year old son brings it to me to show me something. right there in the middle of the screen, an ad for a dating site. ads are an unnecessary evil we have to deal with on a daily basis. fyi, the marketing firm is the only real monetary winner. better ads should be used in games, ones that children play. how does one explain the dating app that their significant other found on a device. because a small child was trying to get rid of the intrusive ad that was in the way of their game. shame shame shame shame
akshay bhosle : a better upgrade over tx3...... the controls are smooth..... the beginners levels are crossed easily after you get hold of the controls..... but for higher levels...... you have to play duel to earn money to unlock it...... overall a nice game
luke shields : love new graphics and game engine but this has created loads of bugs. i have a video to prove the bug i talked in review. other than that, great update. also i cannot connect to facebook, it says don't have permission and app in development. please can you help
k ys : don't install this!!! terrible. just terrible. far too many glitches and bugs that your opponent can exploit. seems like the company just got greedy for money, there's constantly ads and the gameplay and physics are terrible, not to mention the 2005 o.g. runescape type textures and map style. no bug fixing updates, no input from the company, simply useless.
david irvine : the game is great but you need to sort out the lagging. it's is totally ruining the game right now. on top of the constant laggine it is impossible to win any tournaments because of cheaters. if you watch the fastest time on a certain tournament they are clearly using a nodded game you have to get on top of that
chitra jiwrajka : this game deserves 5 star but there are a few glitches which is preventing it to. the turning wheel glitch and others. if there is no use of checkpoints then why to keep it. looking forward for the upgrade.
joshua crawford : spend no money on anything but bike upgrades as needed not in advance. geez, bought a helmet, did a couple upgrades to the bike, and lost a few races. now it takes watching ads for days to try and race again. i'm uninstalling simply cause i want to play a game and race and have fun, not practice and hope that when cash is on the line everything goes perfect.
kvp 311 : ad system is broken. ads after every level and even when trying to watch a replay you get 2 ads, and the system won't let you access content without watching an ad even with no service. uninstalled right away.
abey stella : superb game, nice graphics and controls with better challenges. if this game had a replay option, then it will outstands most of the other games, really i hope so and expecting replay option in this game very soon. thanku so much for the developers for making such a wonderfull challenging game....
jacob : fun game but if you dont want to spend 50+ dollars on coins youll never progress through the whole game. money grab app and its a major bummer. literally all that would need to change for me to give 5 stars is to make bike upgrades realistically attainable without having to buy coins.
jay packenas : so to start of this game is bloody fantastic! really fun and really time consuming. abit disappointed in the way your matched with other players.....yes it is random matching but seriously you get matched with some people that a literally flying over the top of you and there is no chance to beat them and u end up with very little coins to progress or even upgrade your bike. and you theiving buggers want a subscription of $28.99 a month!!! for ultimate club! what a joke
cade hamblin : the graphics are really good for a game like this, it has easy to learn controlls and has lots of challenging levels throughout the game. over all i love it.
clover lynch : this game triggers people easily as it takes many tries and reruns to perfect the time on the level. i would like the game to give more money out because getting a new bike or upgrading the original takes a huge amount of time.
hasan tahir : used to love this game but now stupid adds pop up all the time radomly even in the middle of a level. getting money for new bikes and levels is awful and the game desperatly wants u to make an in app purchase without which it is extremly difficult for you to unlock the top bike and play through all levels.
long security2 : it's quicker to restart the game than to wait for ads to end. 20 second ads really are too long after normal race is completed. unfortunately no 5 stars as i lost taste for this game. game is good though.
classydays43 : wonderful! i'd play this all the time if i didn't run out of levels. the levels that were there had some fantastic designs and creative paths to choose from.
joe melvin : broken game. cannot connect to facebook. just updated to latest fb. free coin videos are broken and do not give coins. wins not giving coins. since i got hasty and spent my coins on upgrading my bike, there now is no way to get coins short of paying for them. i dont mind paying sometimes but at least put some on a timer. looks like it would be a really fun game... if i could play it. finally played and won a level. e
seth hager : terrible game. you really have no choice but to spend real money if you want to keep playing.
aaox oxenreider : won't even let me play the game i can get in then the screen goes blank you need to work on this know
ezra mems : ads!!! it's a cool game just the stupid ad's
md noor : idont like this game because price for purchasing new theme is too high ...,
ben weeks : it's fun at the beginning, but the game gets hard as hell. advertisements are out of control and trying to gain coins is super difficult when if you lose races you lose coins.
jenson hartmann : it would be nice to have a preview of the course before setting out for a coin paying race. i find i'm not know what obstacles are ahead of me, so i lose. aside from that, pretty fun!
zcapito4 : the game was great until this last week. now you can't race without watching ads for 30 seconds before, during and after every race now. super annoying. might be time to check the play store for something new
muhammad haroon : they force you to pay never install time waste..
monte white : upgrades have made this game trash! spent a bunch of time and money playing levels and upgrading the bikes, updates completely wiped out all of the bikes i bought, and took all the money i had been saving for the best bike, so now it'll be impossible to finish anymore levels. what a joke, and customer service is horrible.
yaju shrestha : game is superb with fun and hard levels, but the ads come after each and every round, which most of the times can't be even skipped and which is very annoying.
casey luke : its decent. i wish the camera angles were better. some levels you cant see your guy. some levels are ridiculously hard. land mines on the route with no way to avoid?? really?? could be better, could be worse.
robbie kelly : terrible, levels are average in design but the rest of the game is very poor. matching is ridiculous, coins are distributed very poorly meaning you pretty much need to buy in order to progress. in a word, terrible.
thomas taylor : total con! deliberately races you against way higher levelled and faster bikes so they can rob you of your gold, just so you'll get frustrated and purchase thier gold at absolutely ridiculous prices. we understand free games need ads but this is a joke, ads round every corner. if you enjoy pumping money into mobile phone games to win or get anywhere then this is for you. seriously ,for the biggest gold pack you could actually purchase a ps4. what a messed up world this is.
janice labonte : when i first got this game,i thouht it would be a hard game that would make me mad,but when i tried it i loved it! i do wish you get 50 coins every time you finish a level to congradulate you for finishing a level. also it is hard to get coins because i dont know how to get them.....so i watch ads to get them.....if the game creator could give me some coins or tell me how to get them,i would like that and will be forever greatful! as i said, i this game! try it and see if you like it!!!!!!!!!!
raabyh : stunning graphics, a significant improvement in terms of gameplay. but does not present a difficult challenge, but an illogical challenge, stupid designer
nkululeko shelembe : good game, great controls but i feel like the graphics can be improved though, and also unlock more stages in offline mode. over all it's a great game
yaniv chernish : the business model is so greedy that it doesn't matter if it's any good. i payed about 10$ in app for stuff and they just keep milking you for more ads and more purchases... in what game ever do u have to pay for racing and more progress? it's not a racing game, it's just gambling and lottery. this should be illegal! shame.
roy d : very addictive, some of the high ranking winners, however are cheating, your ranking should be based on actually completing the course, not being able to fly over it, it's a bike game not a flight simulator
kylie watson : i really enjoy the game but some of the maps are locked and you cant unlock them without money. after i completed the maps, i decided to get the other 3, and i'm happy with that!
devin tuz : wish this game wasnt a pay to win. no matter how fast or good you are opponents always beat you and you barely get any coins. wish theyd lower the cost of upgrades and levels so i could play more of the game.
osama shakeel : over 200 xtreme levels each level will not just challenge your bike skills but also your strategic thinking. not everyone can complete our levels, especially with 3 starts and reach our most xtreme levels ever! best game ever.
tavish gauba : this game is not good. whenever i tries to open it, it automatically closes and they are also telling to download google play and after installing it, then also game closes automatically, only it's add is good, showing that it's a very good game
scoop 2001 : i dont care for all the terms the game has now. i think its absolutely ridiculous that they want to be able to access me and all my personal information. why cant we just play a game without being track on the internet and location. for all we know they can be selling are info to the highest bidder and who wants that
errol bakker : i hate the bombardment of adverts. the fact the ads stay in the middle of the screen while playing is so annoying i uninstalled. if you doing this to make me pay for pro or something. give me 2 days to try it out before blasting me with adverts.
freddie shreddie : yep, it's a good game by me. the controls are great, the graphics are very good too. loads of great stunts and not always easy to accomplish but you have a great gaming experience trying all the same. well done
yefat bastard : game was a lot of fun.. but now it won't start unless i link it to a facebook account (and that ain't happening).. so it looks like uninstall time.. p.s. looks like a quick uninstall/reinstall fixed the issue, time will tell..
hego damask : i love the game but there are too many physics errors and bugs. also when i finish a run and press the restart or the continue buttons the game crashes and restarts or force stops
manoj banerjee : very good game. but it needs to improve the graphics. i like the game very much. and one more thing. that whe n i crashed the bike then i click restart. . but i think it will must be a continue button like trial extreme 3
yoomi wei : i rate this 1 star. i want a helmet that is blue white and black make the customized free
ryan adkisson : its cool if you have a little time to kill. the only thing that sucks is it takes forever to save up gold for upgrades. unless it's purchased of course... aint nobody got for that
tyron dix : terrible game and way too many ads, nobody likes this game
divya saxena : this game is good but it is a bad game too...it is very unfair...when you race , cheating is there ...the game helps the other participant to move forward on slopes and steep mountain and without any reason we get crashed on standing at one place only ...so much partial
harley hicks : perfect game to kill time. wife does her shopping while i play trial extreme. cheers guys. updated: 19/08/2019 game was going great, unfortunately my forward and back lean buttons gave dissapeared? tried resetting, help?
rafael temesgen : this game is fun but enough with the funking ads.
t thomson : good game overall some good levels to try beat. theres 2 big down falls to this game 1st you can get a score with a bike without upgrading it say 20 secs then upgrade the bike to max n not beat that time no matter how many times you try. 2nd the cheaters the jailbroke app that lets you use any bike on tournements n astonishing amount of power then maxed out upgrade so you have no chance of gettin it to top ten on any tournaments or 1v1s.
billi martensen : gets to a point it's almost impossible to get coins and it's impossible to beat certain levels. i give up. it was either throw the phone or the game.
pierce bozant : sucks.used to not be so terrible...now to get to the next set of levels you have to have an enourmous amount of coins which means either buy them or race for them. go race for them they put you up against people with obviously faster and higher jumping bikes so you very seldom win. by the time you win one, lose one, and win one again you still have the same amount of money. meaning "hey spend money" which kills me because their game is now filled with tons and tons of ads. arent you making enough
frank topham : can't even start the game....absolutely a waste of data...goes into title screen and freezes on a on image with a bridge. played the game before but now i regret downloading it again. please assist
t&t : really fun to play. only thing i don't understand is why on the tournament, the one that only costs 1 to race, i'm only allowed to use the green wind bike, but i'm competing against people using ever other level of bike. how are they able to use other bikes and im not? i also own the next bike, the yellow one.
thea kizlyk : often the tilt buttons won't work no matter how you touch them. this makes progression impossible when you factor in the ai never having this problem. played on a pixel 3
it'smetwinkerbill : it's a good game and it has a beautiful graphics, but it's extremely hard, like i cant even win 1 level without spending lots of money, you have to be a pro to beat level 12 and 13
shaurya singh : tooo many bugs, like on completing level the next level does not open so i watch ads for free unlocking but after i saw full ad after then also level doesn't open and keep asking for coins.... way tooo much then we have....pls fix
tomas ramanauskas : ok game. gas button is too close to the return button of the phone, so i get pause and watch ads too ofter. the latest change with forced 30s ads is just plain stupid. i am not interested in some baby level games, but still have to watch?
law owen : great game, but why do you have to have/ increase storage space to update the game, every time so annoying!!?? most other games and apps i use don't need extra space! stopped playing cos of no more space on device, and don't wish to delete stuff!
a google user : enjoying the game up until an advert came on and wasn't able to get back to game only to a blank black screen...not going to keep restarting so uninstalled...but thanks for a good 3 minutes!!
kelly deleon : this game is so cool and amazing you can go so high and you get to do these amazing stunts. like a really fun and cool i think the other people like because i really like this game this is why i give it five stars because honestly it's probably one of the best buy games i've ever played really like awesome and levels aren't super hard but they are super easy so it's like perfect just right for me so i think other people might like it too because i know i love this game a lot so y'all might to
hristian staykov : waaaay too much adds. the whole game is designed so you'll play on 3 maps and after that you have to pay to unlock the others. too bad because i enjoyed it but had to uninstall.
haryati abdullah : game good controls very bad. when i hit in the game a little bit also die what is the point if you want people to like the game but just a little hit from the head also die, so if you want more people to play your game think wisely before making the game
juggalo gaming & ent. tv official : i like the app but i gave it 1 star because i hate ads and forcing someone who hates ads to watch ads isn't cool at all. i'm uninstalling this app until you get rid of the ads until then i'm sorry but i can't play a game that forces me to do things i don't want to do. as a dev i'm disappointed in your game just when i thought i found a good game but those damn ads ruined my experience
shruti sreenath : very good , good graphics but while seeing other's videos or while competing others they will be sometimes not touching ground.this isn't a big problem but if you fix this the game will be more realistic
m o : updated - since upgrading my phone to the p30 pro huawei the game doesn't seem to be able to keep up with the phones speed and glitches alot. i love the game but unfortunately the it takes way to long to accumilate the 800,000 coins for the next bike so im going to have to give it a 2 star.
jacob wilson : although it's a decently fun game, every opponent i get matched up with is always lagging through the obstacles and making it super unfair because they get through the obstacles much faster than me because of it.
mike mateuss : i love it, i drive trials myself in real life and okay the physics arent matching reality but its still really good and the only thing im disappointed is this is a trials xtreme game i was expecting it to have more trials bikes like sherco,gasgas,montesa,etc. thats my only disappointment, they should really add more trials bikes instead of any bikes
jordan zeng : use to love this game, its a joke now. if you lose all your coin in races. you have to watch ads for em, no daily coin or nothing. just watched a replay of one of the "top runs" on their "extreme" levels and buddy flew over 99% of the map barely touched the actual course. like whats the point of playing the game if your bikes are gonna be that broken.
r dev : hello 2/2/2020 my lovely friend are you sure you make easier the level when i told then i will also reinstall the game i uninstalled the game because i try my maximum but it is to hard to will i won first 1 level and i finish some level in second section after i fails i have no money to play. i suggest you to take a decision that if you can you please add a spining well for earning money. so it help players to attract more best wishes please do it i think my hopes help me
bhasker kumar : after two or three levels later.. i think developerwas short on ideas and other stuff.. so he put everything in the last two or three levels... pathetic..
jake schauer : just frustrating compared to 3. the old one was fun, there is no easy fun mode for this one.
slap45 richards : good game but the grafics and the moterbike sounds are very pore. the clothing is very high priced in the games. and some of the levels are really hard to get past
nathan klaus : fun concept but not very well made. needs to be dialed in for sure. lots of glitches and bike controls are not very on point.
leo's mirror group : the most frustrating game i have ever played on my phone !! when i watch rides of level masters they are able to fly nothing can beat them !! seriously it feels so frustrating when i am not able to complete a level just bcz i don't have cheats don't install it
rojit shrestha : it's just stupid....this game only wants you buy it's digital money.....u get to fight with the pre-recorded duels of other players whos got freaking awesome bikes with less time then ur best to beat the map u only keep on wasting oney just to earn enough money to duel again and loose...and about ads when ur going to win ads just pops up and ruins ur game....
rick themelon : downloaded the game. went to play level 1 and it says i dont have enough money 500 coins. i have 0 coins so the only way to play the game is to buy coins with real money. what a waste, looked to have been a good free game but not free at all.
mrniceguy tachanka : this deserves a zero star. i died at least 20 times because of ads. and you are not allowed to even play a single match because it costs 550 coins to play anything, but you only give us 300 coins. i didnt even think twice before uninstalling.
kev : ive never given a bad review on a game until now! its just money money money, within 30 seconds of downloading the game they wanted $1.29 for some credits. contant ads and money requests. do not bother.
restaurantsadan : after level 5 it gets near impossible to complete with no crashes. i have spent hours on a single level with no success. multiplayer is ridiculously unfair too. pathetic waste of space
rob morgan : it was a great game until the last update. now you're required to pay to unlock different areas, with no real way to earn money, unless you race someone and beat them, or buy it, of course.
justin west : duels are lagged and glitched, someone doesn't play for over 24 hours as it just sits with them not competing and moving the duel along, the game resets the 24 hours, aka, a glitch. after a successful attempt at getting the best time for a duel, the game sits at the after screen showing your stats vs opponents stats and just sits there frozen every time. why is the 1 of only 3 game play modes completely lagged and glitched, game developers put games out with 100$ purchases that aren't playable.
jeremy pack : can not lean back and hit jump button at same time! need to use the lean back then forward method to jump instead of a jump button! back to trials frontier!
roy : the game has consistently matched me with players with much faster bikes. this forces you to lose all your coins and you will need to buy more to proceed. way too many in-play glitches. shame, as with a few tweaks this could have been a top game. update.... as usual you get a bullsh#t reply from the develper!
brandon penely : not play to pay. past third world that is. i love the physics engin. very few adds. i feel like i could beat the game with enough time without money. fair competitive system
minifries : this is a very good game but what i didnt realise us that to unlock levels you need to complete them online but it costs money to race but the only way of getting money us to race and if you cant afford to race then you are stuffed this is why i reinstalled the app apart from that it's a great game
shaun smith : wheres the controller support? on screen controls are clumsy and dont always seem to work, other than this it plays well for the most part with a few glitches here and there. pvp is great
sheikh maksad : i like this game a lot since i was a kid nice good game
jacob- -mx : it is a great game but its dumb that you have to pay a weird amount to race and the racers are way to advanced and when you lose you have to pay more money download only if you only want to make to level 8
stefan paduraru : was good in the beginning. but the newest update stops the game to play ads. on android 11 the app crashes when loading a level to play. uninstalled.
arnold smith : your company develops the best racing games - realistic physics, although exceleration could be adjusted on the slower side. i haven't played the 'remastered' version yet
dave domingo : the game was fun at first, it'll get you hooked but then. you'll constantly lose. because you'll have to race with an opponent with much higher level than you.
thatracer guy : it's a very cool, very challenging moto-cross game! it will kick your butt if you think you're just gonna run full throttle through it! i do wish the payouts were a little higher, but it is what it is. all in all a fun game to play!
bryan o'donnell : this game is garbage to be honest it seems that beginners have no real way of making cash you have to upgrade your bike to be fast but at the same time you need money to race so when you first start everyone has already upgraded their bikes so they just blow beginners out of the water needless to say i'm deleting this game and getting bike race or something with better matchmaking
a google user : reminds me exactly of trials fusion, it's a good balance of challenge and fun and it's hard but not too hard. it's a great game.
brian b : unfortunately, unlike every other game which asks for permissions it doesn't need, if you set it to deny it out won't let you continue. any app that demands requirements it doesn't actually need is an instant 1 star and delete. the devs will falsely claim they need admin level storage permissions, but no, no they don't. as a developer myself i know without question they don't. so they're using them either due to lack of skill on their part, or for a nefarious purpose on behalf of the company.
bruno mendes : when there is no lag the game is great. most of the time there is so much lag that the game is impossible to play. but the very few times that there is absolutely no lag the grame is amazing and great.
chris p.bacon : the games was ok before, but the switch to the new game engine just ruined all the game physics even more, it's so hard to play and physics part's on all vehicles break 90% of the time
j newman : it would be awesome if there was a way to get more coins to unlock the new levels. other than the way the coins are taken from you it would be awesome and get 5 stars.
kevin k : previous game where better. the tracks are more irritating than challenging and to win the race is more need of luck than anything else.
stealth silvia rb25det : love this game but now all levels are locked just to hard to earn any coins to unlock levels or eve think about upgrading the bike , and gets to repetitive playing the same levels.
philip lewis : i understand the need for adverts, but why the hell do you put them right in the middle of the screen where you cant read what's on the screen! move them to the top or bottom, i'm begging you! (pretty sure putting adverts over game ui is against the ts and cs anyway.)
z : don't waste your data downloading this money hungry adware. in this game you have to compete online players with limited amount of coins... they provide you to play & upgrade your bike. after which you either buy coins or uninstall. as for offline play- you can practice only first 8 stages are ok after which game wants you to go online!
recker reese : your game isn't giving me my coins when i win it gives me half of them sometimes but then most of the time nothing it's extremely annoying and i would guaranteed have over 100000 coins right now but i have 32000 so i'm gonna need u guys to fix it like asap cause the game is already tedious and put you on edge losing so much but then u don't get what you worked so hard for no that's not right at all i
beafy bean : you need to fix you game, the gam is great but i'm sick and tired of ridding on a track and being in first and then hitting a jump that as the wind boost and i come back down and die, i'm not the one who made the level so it shouldn't do that
uvesh sorathiya : shittty game .. thing work differently in practise mode and competitive mode..almost like we in duel mode the game becomes group of bugs. in duel mode bike gets stuck in things. whereas in practise mode everything works fine.. uninstalled...packet of bugs..
jolan xbl : tries to imitate redlynx's trials series, but accomplishes it so poorly they needed a 'jump' button as there is no leaning. pressing right simply lifts your back tire off the ground,
adam gilliver : good game but very poor in one important area. progress takes in game cash. soon as you run out your progress stops. poor idea which is a shame as the game is fun.
chi chi : ffffantastic game. i only wish there was some slower style rock hopping like with real trial bike competitions. this is still a lot more like motocross than trial bike
babita chanani : at first when i downloaded the game it worked perfectly but when i palyed and earned 30000 and connected to facebook and when i started the game again it did not start and only showed connecting my other all apps and online games are working perfectly except it . i uninstalled and downloaded it agani but it still showed connecting for half an hour. please help. otherwise the game is good. plese help me subham chanani
tyrel von bargen : a fun, but very irritating game and just like most of these games you have to spend too much money to fully enjoy it. save your money and get a console game that will be a thousand times better and more fun all in all.
paul wadman : great game all round .. only annoyance is when i installed it on replacement tablet and signed in to google game play i lost all the packages i purchased . have just re bought the river package to find half the rides have been completed ?? any suggestions as to where i've gone wrong?
ironminecart3 playz : great game but ads. i dont feel like paying money on a game to stop ads. maybe every two or three levels an ad that would be nice.
jake stott : they give you 5 lives, each life takes an hour to regain. even if you quit a level it takes away 1 life... was better on the old one where it just let you play and didnt want you to pay extra for 'unlimited lives'. uninstalled.
a : poorly built game with very bad currency balancing and many mechanical issues. wheels lock up and prevent you from driving,the moving objects are temperamental, some levels are not possible the way they are intended, your wheels get stuck on invisible objects and this is obviously detrimental considering the main prerogative is pvp. advertisements inbetween nearly every interface you change through which is disgusting and greedy.
nomad : this game is terrible. i am pretty sure the developers didn't even play their own game. certain levels are impossible. the fact that you have to spend in game currency to play a level suck. absolute garbage
patrick lofthouse : not a bad game, money seems a little hard to get enough of and had a few issues trying to purchase other areas to ride but it's a good game.
cameron galvadores : the major update was a major downgrade. i hate the animations, graphics, controls, everything.
joshua romine : like the game. i play alot. but it gets 3 stars cause this new update (installed today) is killing me. it changed up alot of the physics so now i have to basically relearn how to get faster times in-game. not cool.
sam redfearn mtb : for all you saying its hard , there is a strategy, max out you engine with the money you have then practice loads in the practise mode then go onto the 1coin tournaments after your getting good them enter in head to head races and challenge on the levels , this is my second day playing and i have the second level and 40,000 coins
mike : needs much better rewards, or an option to double the reward with an advert. now i don't even get my daily rewards! 4th december update: thanks for fixing this!
ethan culver : its a pretty challenging game with some pretty cool levels although pay outs are a little cheap, so is my riding, so go figure.
aurora celina : this game sucks because if you bought clothes first than you cant win and the only other way to get coins is by ads or money wich you dont want to be watching 150 ads just for 1 upgrade on each so you have to spend money
laurna marston : overall it is a good game. it does what it should, only sometimes the controls can be a bit temperamental at times.
jeremy gale : was decently reliable on my samsung s20+, but now it crashes probably 80 percent of the time i attempt to play. has been this way a few weeks. sent feedback info but have heard nothing from support.
vikas bhardwaj : the worst racing game i have ever seen. the most stupid tracks, the worst racing bike upgrade system. even worse track obstacles. if you have money, spend and enjoy, otherwise stay like a pig in the same league in same track and 0 coins.most useless consoles. even more useless playing modes. you can not play any race without spending coins. i dont know why they have made this game. they should already close this game.
pyrex tv : love the game would get 5 if level prices wasnt too high even during the event they are still pricey. itd be good if you coud unlock them after playing for awhile just a suggestion other than that great game guys
meme o : this game is awesome. it is basically a free mobile version of trials rising, and has all the same stuff like the goofy ragdolls, to the awesome stunts. great game, would reccomend to anyone trying to start a youtube channel.
lakhan singh : the game is good but wether you play it in a dumb phone or one plus 8 it will start lagging after playing it for some days and i dont know but i feel like my other apps are also lagging and i feel like this game ruined my phone because i was playing it so long and i was always in top 5 in many tournament
zawad : really liked this game but with the introduction of new bike it is almost impossible to win with any other bike when we are matched with the new bike. this was a wrong move to make.
arie : absolute garbage, literally pay to play junk filled with ads, worst most boring easy to beat levels, nothing compared to original trails games on playstation.
l.k. martin_668 : it's a fun game and has lots of different tracks to race on. good challenges and is fair with coins. pretty good game
md fahad bin neaid : i think, it is a excellent further i think it is one of the most best graphics racing games. this game is really very very very good games,you can installed and play and achieved more fun and enjoy.
king koopa : 2 things the monetary system this game is broken 800 dollars to start a race in career mode and you on have 3 tries to win 1500 doesnt make sense to me and second thing sound effect please turn of the dude moaning all the time i rather just here the bike i'd like to play without people think i'm rubbing one out
nathan kaye : awesome. graphics are good and the controls are easy. hours of fun for all age's.
rakib sumon : there have to many bots from game author, if you die then bot will come again and again but if you played good then bot will play more good.you can't win tournament cuz your opponent is a bot.also you can't play in good mood cuz too many ads in game when you ride,they can run ad bofore match or after match, no, they run ads always. i played more free game and still play clash of clan.whatever don't waste your time i uninstalled this game.
kadian cephas : never download the app. if you want to restart a level you have to watch a 30 second ad. you hsve to listen to this stupid lady on a bike who only tells you what just did and you can't even beat any of the players 0 stars but you may see one
biking and outdoors : its really annoying when i race on any map and i still get a opponent thats either better than me or has a master bike. i dont want to buy a better bike so i can win, please fix this. and buying a new bike can be up to $200 real money.
felicia mariano : this game is pretty cool but i don't like it at the same time the controls are pretty easy to and i love the different helmets and gear you can show
myopic : the worst game probably on playstore. the bot you play with in the race has many privileges than you. he will cross any obstacle very easily and you have to try many times to just cross that obstacle. i won't recommend anyone to play this game.
niraj p. : you have ruined the game after last update by making us purchase every map, even though it's been completed partially or fully before. why man? increase ad or do something else for earning, but this is bad.
dumb ninja : gr8 graphics, nice handling, awesome features but... plz make it 25% offline i.e. add a feature like 'practice' or 'level editor' which r offline... but overall... the game is awesome
porter jacobs : i don't like this game because it has to much ads in it and the levels are way to hard and it's literally impossible to win the people you race against.
rohan bass : it is a really good time to pass time and is just overall amazing accept from the fact that i keep running out of money and having to delete and reinstall it but thats on my end
katy h : this game used to be free play where you could do the race things and you didn't have to go up against other players and i fond this irritating bc i like to not race and play on my own but now there is no thing for free play this is why i don't recomend this game to others unless you like racing games.
brian reed : very fun. easy to learn, but takes practice to win and gain access to bigger levels.
connor mcbirnie : don't waste your time. unfairly difficult match making, too many ads and glitchy level design.
newt newt : your the first game ive played to ask for photo access it doesnt even ask for storage access just photos and media? , have your prehistoric brains never heard of 'cloud' storage etc? dodgy developers doing illegal activities. authorities have been made aware, let's hope you change your ideas !
mike payne : adverts keep covering the screen when racing. awful game made by amateurs. so you force people to buy the game by putting an ad in the middle of the screen during a race??
james headley : super slow start due to the coins being so sparse and upgrades being very expensive great gameplay though need to stop the adds interupting current races
noel blair : it's a awesome game, you can do different tricks & control the bike lekker!!! the falling is so realistic...
lachie kramer : its a good game, but you can only do 8 levels offline. and we don't have much data, so that is really annoying!
andy richer : lol some players motorbike run faster and jump farther but the developer is too lazy to fix this. what should i do to get these faster motorbike? even jess motorbike is faster now. average players look great now. should i need to create a new account, restart from zero to get these faster motorbike?
neil wakeham : was great, not anymore. the latest update has screwed with the controls. can't pivot forwards/backwards and it makes the game unplayable
vishal singh : it was a good game untill i linked my game progress to my google account then i lost all my coins and its already very hard to earn coins in the game. edit: just got my progress back appreciated your quick action.
sina palang : it doesn't let me install the app. it says storage permission is required. i turn on all the permission but still doesn't install the app totally.
bracie vowell : it was pretty fun for a few hours then google started putting their little b.s. add box on the screen after i crashed. im uninstalling it now.
ninja op : it has to be a free ride game mode where we can enjoy the ride but in this game forst we have to beat the racer to unlock next level . which makes this game boring .
sam cerimagic : permission to access my photos etc... to be able to play... denied and 1 star update then make it at least optional with a warning that all saved data will be lost if not accepted...
terry yerly : this game is awesome but when i bought something i had 365 dollars and then i couldn't beat more levels because i have to pay to join against people so now i am stuck on level 11.
mr jean deaux : 22nd oct update made game stutter and jump. now unplayable. loved this game too. is the new game engine the cause? can i go back to a version that uses the old engine please?? please! :)
wayne : i really like this game the only fault i can find with it is the adds i'm getting. its telling me about a comedy show in sydney (i'm from the uk) i've booked tickets for it just waiting for the creators of this game to book my flights for me
alfonso : ads in the middle of the damn screen while playing, in a mediocre game with wonky controls. super sad.
scott lewis : this game really sucks. the game play sucks. pay to win game. poor graphics. i hate when developer's rush a game to market before all the bugs are worked out.
jacob macura : in description it says less than 1% can beat all maps with 3 stars but i did it first try. other than that its a great game really simple to play and loads of fun.
sohaib qayyas : do not download! the experience sucked downloaded and tried to play several times but the game never responded actually it never moved an inch from that first wallpaper. p.s. i use galaxy s8
a google user : i downloaded this game on my samsung s7 and when it installed my phone died and hasn't worked since. stuck in a boot cycle until the battery died and now the phone is completely unresponsive. don't download
pavan bhanu : asks to watch videos to unlock the levels but after watching the video it says no ads available. really dirty trick to increase their ad watch count
jack velcek : absolutley horrible all the maps were erased and now you can only compete in expensive ones, the no entry fee map is gone please bring them back or fix this because its absolutley ruined the game
exavier cdebaca : the game is pretty fun and the graphics are on point and i really like the levels and the customizations in this game.
lee ktid : this game is very frustrating. some if the obstacles are ludicrous. it is so frustrating i deleted it after 10 mins
rashed ra' obeid vlog : bad experience the game is not worth playing beyond level 1 level 2 has a back flip with very tight landing that you get stuck at and not progress watching adverts dose not make you retry the game you are playing
chris jonker : this game is great an is very much like the trail games from xbox. levels are difficult but no too hard.
mackenzie herridge : i love this game but the only thing that i hate about it is that it's really really hard to get free coins because you guys have kids playing this game and a lot of kids don't have money or a bank card or a card in general so the only thing that i asked for you guys is to make it more easier to get but other than that the game is pretty funny.
akash saini : game is good but after some time you have to unlock stages for coins and after some time again you have to do this.
david bertenshaw : this is one of them games u just cant put only issue is there r alot of things to pay for, with that said u can play the whole game with out payin a dime but it just takes a long time but that dont matter as is such a good game and very very addictive, well worth chekin out
xander marx : this does not make any sense to me it is a waste of time and the graphics is so low qaulity this is a waste of space...do not download this game ever in you life and it drains your battery heavy fast ...do not download or own this game... it sucks
hugo lundin lundin : it's really fun to play but eventually it just turns into grinding to be able to afford anything which is just annoying.
andy k : great game! amazing if you are bored. the reason i didn't put 5 stars is the ads: there is not to many put they can get annoying sometimes.
muhammad talha : awesome game.....!!!! much more better than trial extreme 3 and has more difficult and awesome levels....!!! i liked it really good .....!! the pixels are good but please improve it in next version....!!!!
danyal kashif : very good game. multiplayer mode is very good. but please make an option so that we can play it offline also completely otherwise very good game. very fun
a google user : all i need is excitement and graphics. and this game is full of it. it is very hard to score 3 stars in further levels. yes but it consists too many adds, toooooooo many
charlie sutton : i didnt like it. i cant beat anybody and when i loose i cant afford to go again so i have to pay money to enter again or i have to watch 3 ads at least just to get in lower levels
a google user : the game doesn't even downloaded.....when it was installing.... suddenly it stopped downloading..........play store ....plzzz do smthing about this.....this is the second time i have to go through these conditions.....by just wasting by mb....
rain rblx : the game is trash. it doesnt give the same vibes as trial extreme 3. trial extreme 4 literally sucks they force you to race and then its so unfair because other people are fricking bots!! it'd be better if you made trial extreme 4 like trial extreme 3. or just remaster trial extreme 3. i'm an og been here since trial extreme 1. please remaster trial extreme 3
john smith : it's a fun game but i feel that the levels get hard waaaay to fast and i can't get them i live the game and don't want to uninstall but i will have to cause i can't beat them and they are taking up my space.
a google user : new game new game new level great time great game is so very good condition with all the best price for your email address to send flowers online to compare prices for all the best price you see the latest version of my friends and colleagues in the morning of a problem for you and your business and management in my opinion the same way that i have a look at the moment, but i think
b scud : if it wasn't so damn hard, i'd play it more and not want to smash my phone, or the creator of the levels to beat. ya, i'm gonna uninstall it. it's probably for the best.
dave chadwick : very fun game and the controls work great! however, instead of saying this game contains ads you should say these ads contain a game.
richard henderson : too many adverts and not enough progess unlockability. 3 worlds then have to pay cash to advance. shame. was a good game.
luke schmitz : with the last update, they changed it so you have to use gold to unlock each "region" even regions i was over half way done with i now have to "pay" to have access to them.
luke beadle : amazing stunt racing game really addictive and can't stop playing it controls are easy and bike reacts well to controls well done for such a great game
ben daff : was good but now keeps kicking me of the game . very disappointed. would apresheate a fix .i reinstalled it twice and only then did it work again
rahul thapa : thanks for the quick reply, but i tried everything to upgrade my bike but i'm short on coins, way short and there are very limited ways to gain coins though i like the game hence i i thought i should share my honest opinion. thank you! it's an extreme p2w
pascal olinga : graphics are on point, the levels of competition keep you edged and the level of interaction is great. nice game
warren ratcliffe : ads are unbearable, constantly pausing the game, then using up my data with unskipable videos.
a google user : there is no way that you can finish a level without crashing 1 milion times.. how can we know whats coming and what to do on the game!!! very strange
conner post : it's cool and all but you couldn't pass the practice levels and it got annoying having to restart every time you didn't have wifi
zyair mccray : it's a great game but it's hard to get coins, like to enter a race you have to use coins, but if you lose the race it's hard to get coins for another race.
vivek lamba : construction level 4....there is a programming error...the player does not die after it falls down ....it just keeps going down.
bradley hayslip : men bro this game is like not a game not to be mean but it is not that easy and hackers so i'm going to delete it bc yeah a lot of stuff and when i had this game it was perfect but they made it wros but i do not want to play it now it makes me sad :'( bye
jonathan miller : game is fun but the matches are not evenly matched. they match a beginner with someone with a 200k bike. to frustrating
gareth wright : enjoyed the game but when i came to uninstall it leaves the game icon on my screen which i can't remove. even after reinstalling and uninstalling as second time.
jit bose : good game but still it's graphics can be improved a lot. also please try to add new levels too.
j : still doesn't work on my phone but they gave it a good try to fix it and i appreciate that! i love the remastered version i've just been playing that instead
shubham patel : great game ..you gonna addicted to this game ...but i think players who are playing from past are more advanced to new players and u will feel disappointed by the old players.. although great game ..
talen winter : this game is fun at first but after playing for a bit you will realize that servers are constantly down and the game freezes over and over.
vinay krishna : excellent game...but it is difficult at first and hard to purchase bikes because of lack of coins...but overall its an awesome game
peter myers : couldn't play at all. this game requires access to your photos and calls just to open. a game shouldn't need access to my picture gallery.
laarz 44 : back in the days when you used to play trail x on your iphone 3 it was great. i always liked it but this? this is just cheap and made without love..
swethashri r : though it is a tough game none of the stunt game os like trial xtreme 4 it has lots of fun and lots of level warning power which a child hood people loves to play with it. so everything is going fine
osama mazhar : this is the best game i ever played on adroid. i been fan of trial xtreme 3 and now playing this. but never been able to buy new stages. i played all unlocked stages multiple times
john spartan : ads ads ads, no clear progression, no way to ear no currencie except for watching ads, core game mechanics really fun. don't recomend
eden shitz-hard : this game is a cash grab pure and simple. after a while you will be matched up with people who have much faster bikes who you will never beat..
music made : the best trailing bike game. has everything. is very exiting.everything is just good. you have offline gaming as practice mode or online gaming.just one flaw that is ads. rest is best
george iulian : somehow this game messes with the microphone and speaks of my phone. after i play it i have to restart the phone to be able to use it again.
macro1995 : they took away what made the game amazing, the purchases i paid for now wasted stole my money just to make the game shittier. i'm am overly pissed off that i wasted money on this absolutely don't buy this game.
sujan panthi : i love all things except that most of the player use hack server also the earning by winning misson is so less that a normal people who are playing without cheating is unable to buy upgrade the vehicles
si yo : new update makes bike uncontrollable. the physics were good but now terrible. will be uninstalling if it doesnt get better. cant even come close to winning a decent race now
lawrence makhlouf : the game is amazing and every thing is amazing in but the owners of the game are cheaters bc the bots that i play with are way to much better than so they can win easily and i lose the coins then when i lose the coins and i cant even join a game i will need to charge on my visa and the ad comes mid game so i lose and the opponent can easily also i joined a tournament and i wom abt 2k coin and i did not get and i cant the_ game_is_amaaaaaaaaazing_but_the_owners_are_cheaters.
kunal rathod : didnt stand upto trial xtreme 3 standards. the graphics and accessibility of no. 3 were far better.
a google user : okay graphics but they're at there's pretty much the only bad thing about it is the graphics the rest of the game is good you have legitimate fill in the game and it's really fun.
quinton guerrero : the game wont load. tried uninstalling it and reinstalling it and still nothing. hard to play a game that doesnt even open
karki aayush : its a good game. graphics are good and a better way to refresh our mind. im fund of playing this game and hope more updates will be available very soon.
akayden oake : i dont like this game trials is one of my favourite games but when i first started i was paired with tge highest rank people so i could never win the first time i raced another player they had a better bike than me so i got fustrated and deleted i played it for about a week but was stil paired with higher ranks so i gave it one star
kishore cm : this was a great game. the online multiplayer implementation system sucks and has taken the fun out of the game. it's basically a pay to play game now.
rian de cleir : unless you pay cash you'll never progress at a normal rate, only in stage 6 or something like that and the bike isn't powerful enough for a long jump
ritesh : several levels are difficult. you get stuck and keep playing same level.
theon harris : way too many invasive, full screen 30 second long adverts. also pay to win.
a google user : awesome, one of the best game development company l've ever seen.l've played your all trail xtreme series and on thing to say please make trail xtreme 5 soon
brayden huddleston : it sucks sucks dick because when you reach level 11 you have to pay a 1,000$ for race and the racer just goes so fast it's just to hard to beat and etc etc.
ihor vorontsov : ad is everywhere, for every minute of gameplay you have to watch ad for another minute, very very annoying
nicholas dupriest : the game was horrible there were many malfunctions the plank would fall off dirt bike goes way to fast and the obstacles would fail and plus when you try to do a trick going down a hill it would fail the game has to be rigged
geography : this sucks really bad when your a starter you dont make much money and it take for ever to earn it to upgrade and customise or character and bike can you change it where you get more money each round please
drkebup : this game is so fun. only problem is that after a point it's being so difficult to get process. still the best in its categorie
bruce c : i played the first 2 worlds and got 3 stars every level. every world after that costs money... is this a glich on my phone or is this for real?! trash, uninstalled
a google user : best ever bike game ever...!! crazy tracks and improved gameplay .. difficult levels but it's fun to play because game is not a game until it's challenging.
danny o'neal : great game plenty of game play without ads makes watching ads not that bad to open new levels and such. free for all tournaments a blast!!!
kyle sweet : typical pay to play game. need credits to beat people but you can't beat them unless you have credits. game should be called extreme let down 4.
abhishek parekar : good for kids ,they should have gone for 3d and not 2d not fun to see linear movements . the view should be from riders position or above his head like 3rd person.
james wiggins : so may i ads does it have but but so good is it i have a chicken costume is at the very bottom it's free if you download this game you'll get a chicken suit in a bikers but also you'll come with once a one by i only have the 1 1st bike
devin doiron : free coins is horseshit, gave me 200 coins one time, tryed watching like 10 more times, nothing comes up but an ad after the ad you have to watch
boyflo 06 : this game sucks!! when you start the game it puts you against one ai but after, it puts you against the best frickin player in the game and its soooooo unplayable.
lj williams : i rate your game a five star besides the fact that it takes so much storage if you could someway get rid of some of the giga bits that would be great but keep up the great games and have a nice day
connor smith : ok, um well i t was kinda fun but i crashed and my body stretched across the map and flew into space with a broken voice so it's okay but can u fix the bugs please?
kenny riley : ok too anyone who is going to download this game and sooks about ads. play it with airplane mode on, that stops all ads.
cain green : my experience of the game was good but what's ruining it is the game showing me loads of adverts in the middle of my screen.
asif iqbal : i want more update ... please update game .. as new bike stage etc reply plz. plz any update game old version is now boring
anish r : good but not interesting..improve controls and graphics and please try a real motocross lap race games ..
skye ernst : good love it but when you are on off online you have to be in a seren level
aled thomas : it's a great game but latest update has stopped the bike selection option from working, will up the rating when it's fixed
ninja boy : its not the best game, but its not the worst, i sort of like it because they pretty much just got trials fusion and put it on mobile.
malikiah malikiah : this game is horrible it's overpriced for the coins and gems and you're playing with bots they literally act like they have way better vehicles than you their cars are way faster than yours is cheated
krishna toriya : man this game is crazy i have played all trial extreme games but this is the best becuz it is difficult and fun to do this missions man this game is realy goodbif you want and bike stunting game then go for it!
anthony scoins : good game but now the adverts a freezing it meaning you after close the game and reopen it after every level or fail
ns gming : in my point of view the game was good graphics not so good and controll also poor but level was very interesting and very hard in next update work in graphics are not so good and keep it up
koah freeman : okay. it's really good. like i can't believe they put this on mobile! so happy! one thing though. why can't we use the bikes we own in the offline levels?
help_ me : offline not support
fit 2 fight : worst game...good graphics but they have.made.it tough....no initial money...we cannot upgrade our bike ...high cost upgrades...wastage of.time....sucks
arnav sabharwal : worst game ever played in my whole life. lots of hackers, you have no chance to win race against them. and this game dont care about the players. lots lots of hacker in the game.
james guzman : deleted. does not need permission to access storage. it's a game not an email app or the like.
brad firth : i hate this game. trial extreme 4? more like chavinator extreme 4. it is an awful game the graphics look like someone threw poo on the screen. awful game.
kevin mingus : the people you race against are people with a lot better bikes, so it just drains your coins. so to have a chance is either pay real $ or watch a ton of ads. not worth it
tanveer khan : as the game was about to install it stucked and said that it can't be installed because there is no space in my mobile, as there was 7 gb free space in my mobile. so pls just fix the problem
brandon knudson : solid game. i thought it was going to be more loner based, maybe a campaign mode would be cool.
brian stratton : awesome game easy control and difficult levels. only criticism would be to make bikes and upgrades a lil cheaper
kyle crawford : it's a very cool game the grafucs are good and sensetivety is the best view of the game.
cam mauldin : i love this game incredibly easy but hard at the same time the problem is the tricks and the timing but other than that i love this game
sam : ill give 3 because the annoying app middle of game or any pause hate it but the game is great ,please do something about the app or if it continues ill delet tha game cause its too annoying please do some thjnv about it
jeffrey barton : bought a bunch of cash on the assumption that an in app purchase would remove the ads, which was based on a comment made by the app designer to another commenter in the reviews. the ads still appeared, though. uninstalled it.
denisse klass : this game so much fun that is racing and all the stuff i love the game so freaking amazing plus i love changing the bike it is so cool and it's like an old geezer games but i still love it
deserve : the game is good and veryy awsome but the why i cant fight ttournamanenand many levels is imposible to win i wish you ffixethis problem but the game is good and graphics physics
dewald schoeman : love the game but from yesterday it keeps on saying connection failure then it gives me the option of playing offline while i am having full signal.
poloboy 4238 : good game but theres just to many ads like u gotta be kidding me i'll be racing and outa no where a ad pops up its retarded u should just get rid of most of the ads its dumb
alexis highfield : uninstalling way to many adds an what i seen this person seems that's all they bothers about and it's not that good of a game if u do install u will see what j mean when u see how much he asking for things there a lot better on the app store or other places to down load
brian whelan : it's a good game but its constantly looking for your money. to get over this irritation i go out into my back garden and roll around in the mud in the nude and pretend i'm a carrot...peace..
yogita rupani : cool but not that much cause, when i go to settings there is a option for not having joystick i clicked it,after few days i didn't got joystic option in the settings plzzzz improve your game
dyanesh kiran : it is not installing i've lost more than 700 mb data.... what's wrong with this app very bad to say this... i love the trailx but it is worst moment to meee
hbx izzy : there is a bug that you cant fix so just delete it or keep the bug and put a virus on you electronic. if you dont delete it on your computer your computer will probably blue screen, then you will probably have to restart your computer. im saying this right now delete it now.
a google user : in trial xtreme 3 you got to customize your biker and bike so you'd think you could customize in trial xtreme 4 but i still think this game is ok.
nalanda ahire : this game is my favourite game for the next level and i have attached my lovely photo with a little more information for you to look at and see if you can help me with the children in the event of following the company rules and regulations for
a google user : game won't work overtime i download it it just asks if i will let it access my photos and my phone and i say yes and just stops on the next screen.
aditya singh : the game is pretty amazing though it needs some more graphics work then it would be the best physics based motorcycle game ever ....... officially officially
fbez 12 : great game and awesome to play...... but these people that mod the game and don't crash and go through water, fly in the air and stuff ehhhhh idk
laxman shil : i loved it its very challenging. it would be good if there was star in the track like the previous version
a google user : while installing the game i saw the video of it. it makes me unhappy because every scene is about fail not a glory sign was there
sharath karayi : too much ads and needs too much permissions. uses every opportunity to make you install some other apps and/or make you buy something
chance greenwood : dumb game. p2p is the only way you can win or open up new events. you can't earn cash fast enough. never playing this again.
stephen wyatt : the fact that i'm coming up against bikes that are a whole bike or 2 levels above me in races is a joke...i used to love this game but not anymore
joshua griffin : too many ads, pay to run the courses. they ruined this series of games with this one. dont download.
danielle johnson : its really fun
a google user : does not start without media and file access. other games do. sorry, i will not give permission for a game. so 1 star.
penta r gamer : i played only treal extrime in 2018 but sadly treal extrime 4 like trieal extrime just updated graphic pls make game more realistic and easy for newbee and i m old fan of treal extrime siri's make more nice and good games
marius crangaci : too many ads and the racing systeme is total bs, im always put to compete with players who have better bikes. edit: dumb game, cya.
dwayne miles : i don't like this game it's trash we have to race and the other person is starting before us i don't like this game give it one star it's foolish it makes kid cannot focus in class it is garbage disposal and too much viruses don't download this game too much virus
apollo x9 dmc rock : worst game ever cause the server doesn't work, there too many glitches and snags and money we earn are too little and the money we spent have is insane.
pramod dalvi : this game is taking lot of time to download i'll try it to download 4 time but this game is not downloading plzz do something.by the way this game is superb and crazy i like this game very very much. plz do it something for download.
bradley nance : fun to play, good graphics, but the upgrades are crazy expensive.
gadeon t. : these games are legendary and have been now for quite some time. some of the best and most fun/thrilling games to play.
aman kalsi : this game is really very hard. i have completed thailand and i have just got three stars in just 8 levels . really good game. please try this game.
ultra instinct : it's a good game but almost took an hour to download it , because anytime i tried to download it, some problems appears and installation is being running again again
epic homies : the objects are stuped and some of the levels you can't finish because of the objects and the game sucks in my opinion
phoenixfort : not a bad game, it's sort of pay to win as you don't get much money and requires a lot of grinding to get anywhere
the thug bros music : game is trash you have to race to go to the next level you have to pay over 1000 coins to race and you have to race to earn coins so if you dont have enough coins the only thing you can do is practice on previus races trial xtreme 3 was the best please remaster is please
m m : why do you insist on getting access to my media files?? otherwise it wont work!! this is very suspicious.
kieran 12038 : lean buttons could be a bit smaller and nearer the edge of the screen but amazing game all around
akmal abdunaimov : how did they manage to ruin this game? it was perfect graphics were good and all but now it's just trash. what happened to this amazing game?
ben cunningham : great game n play, but hasn't worked for a while. just the background showing, no rider or options.
arif keskin : jesus! this is ads and microtransactions galore and everything that's wrong with mobile games these days. shame because the game itself is not that bad.
jeffrey clement : game and controls feel like garbage. not to mention the bombardment of ads.
a google user : it's good but not that challenging it makes players to buy things rather than achieve ... otherwise it's the best game to me ..
reuben trumpz : stupid marketing strategy how can a game like such number of ads this this is too anoyin doesn't feel great to be always interrupted by ads. that is wickedness and evil
charles burke : nice racing game. a little glitchy but nothing that makes it unplayable. fun.
cameron knight : thos game have extremely hard levels on most checkpoints it took me 30 minutes just to pass the first section of the checkpoint then another part comes out of nowhere
michael simpkins : please do more to remove the cheats using mods and bugs to just jump the entire track! you cannot win any tournament because of this.
jc calladine : i guess i played this game before and enjoyed it so much, but when i play it now, makes me wonder why i ever liked it before. i was hoping to race my own shadow not other people. this is so weird how i rated this game with all five stars before when it's not even fun.
rajeshwari upadhyay : si i am giving so that's mean that it is very goodbecause when i lost my money i don't know how to get the money to play the match and when are you play the previous one level it is giving time that after 23 hours after
mike stew : right off the rip, the game was not letting me press the play button. when it did function, the app would crash
terence parker : i cant find a way for this game to support controllers so i have not ability to control the extent to my leaning or my throttle/brake.
ramen god : i played this game years ago and it was dope but this new update changed the game a ton including ruining already bad graphics, aswell as inconsistency in level design
christophe ratti : really good.game and lot of levels, the only negative point there are too much ads as many free games.
shekhar mine : finally issue fixed temporarily. what if i reinstall this game? should in contact you back to restore purchases? you can make update with cloud sync.
saikumar boddu : good graphics.... disaster ads right in the middle of the screen...how frustrating and how can we play ??
grayson c : horrible that's all i'm gonna say, their are bad graphics, horrible items and perks.
xeeshi khan : i just want to say that the graphic of these game is wonderful and good for enjoyment.
tm youtube : "trial xtreme 1" better than "trial xtreme 4",,,,,plz release old version also like,, "trial xtreme 1"
lazer eyez : i play this game on amazon tablet sometimes! and it's really cool i'm use to playing 1st person game plays on ps4 but this is really entertaining. i rate it +
s t : i was a fan of game but after new update its impossible to win against the new bike even after practicing like 100 time,also the level which i won are now locked i dont know but why they are worried about making money from this game rather than letting users enjoy it.i hope you will revert changes
karlz97 : one of the best stunt trial games ever ! superb graphics. levels are ducking tough..
shanon mascarenhas : please don't waste your time downloaded this game because it just keeps crashing while u play. big waste of time
h-visions : it isn't downloading in my phone. it reaches 99 percent and then starts all over again and this keeps happening
lewis lethbridge : the best game ever but their is so many ads so annoying
tshegofatso seelamo : trial xrteme is a very challenging game. it gets more and more exciting as you go along.
mtb bosnia : really cool game!!cool offline mode and cooler online mode! graphics are great and controls too!!
enugu shiva reddy : good and amazing.but bring in a front view and back view as well to get an amazing experience.
shellon dyer : i think the stages are really difficult and not enough is really being done to get cash but overall really like it
surya kumar : my compititor had a pro bike n different skills...probably they knows about the game very well..that is why we are failing most of the time n getting irritated
james maduro : physics engine is too clunky. overall, not worth the memory space.
steffen mueller : i bought the full game for 2,99 what is fine because i enjoy playing it. didn't realise that they charge 2,99 for a week that's a rip off
matthew pye : reply...ive tried they just say please email by via contact us in the game so they can get my id but it keeps saying sending failed so i emailed them my id then they asked which bikes/level packs did you have and how many coins told them cant remember but i sent them screenshot of my purchase history then they stopped replying and ignoring me until i put it in a review then they asked to do same thing again
scott martin : was fine...till all of a sudden all the levels are now locked so yeah...not sure why, if the dev's can help me get the other levels back i will amend this review
schyler yeargin : really bad game. pay to win all the way. good luck upgrading anything without spending real money.
auderitepenguin : it was all an ok game until i got to level 9 and the game is so glitchy that you can just land from a jump and die from it
mike althoff : i like it i just want more tracks and to not have to pay to get bikes it's hard to tack up coins with the few tracks you get still a fun game
jashkaran singh : the graphics of game is very good. control is ok.this game look like tournament. i like this game.
daniel doyon : need a dev to assist me with a refund on an unauthorized purchase for $99.99 and i have never even played the game.
govind joshi : at level 14 the game stucks at checkpoint second i tried a lot but level didn't clear please fix with new update love the game.
josh holmes : this game is the worst for many reasons. a. the controls are bad b. all bikes a way overpriced c. it's a bad overall trials game
david hammond : i forgot how bad this game was till i reinstalled it. everything is ridiculously expensive for such poor race winnings. just don't bother
sahil sahil : i think no game can be like this game .this game is amazing with best graphic ,controls,gameplay,entertainment and so on ,thanks for the game.
xxkibblesttv : it used to be fun but i don't like how i can't change my character but i love this game but until i can change my character back i'm gonna take a brake
monkeyboy995 -_- : i got to levle 14 amd only had $200 so i cant move on the only way to get more money is buying it, and i uninstalled it then reinstalled it and same problem i wish i could vote 0 stars
poi5on_ d3adline : this game sucks ass, it's so dramatic it's not even funny, literally your guy taps his back on a wall and dies and glitches out, fix your game, have a good rest of your day.
james greaves : game cost so much money to upgrade bikes or levels i am not willing so spend that much money on a game .use realistic prices
harjinder singh : game is good but ads are too many, you required to see ads to open a new level waste of time friend dont instal this app
ryan z : too many ads. should be able to at least pay to disable these. awful.
shane lynn : it is obvious people are using some kind of gravity hack there is no way i can complete tahiti 7,8,9, blah blah blah in 15seconds... remove the cheats and mabye the game would be good
bill kerman : the ads ruin this game after every race you win you get a ad. so annoying. developers are just money hungry
santosh kumar : time waste, i installed it today but after opening it no response from app. i restarted multiple times but no luck so uninstalled
tom roper : when you run out of money there's no return and no cheap races to get you back up to the top levels, absolute shite
grady atkins : it is a really good game, good graphics and its realistic. it is the best dirt bike game ever
cyber nuttynatty : i can give a five star but the controls thay lag off thay don't do the button you want and it makes you lag so can you please fix this bug
kedar : this game asks you storage permission. in that they will ask permission to access your photos videos. i think this should not be ask by them. which game ask you for your photos and video permission or access
bligward : im uninstalling cuz you don't give us enough coins to start with and the tracks you made... dont work with the bikes without upgrades which is very annoying
joshua chan : good idea and all, gameplay is also good until you start racing.
vishnu vardhan : the game is good but if we stop playing it almost a day, and after we open the game, it stucks something like lagging, it really sucks of it
zahid shaikh : awesome graphics, amazing experience, super amazing controls.
rock kate : great graphics and one of the funnest games but its a little to hard.
adam rodgers : pretty decent, like the game but upgrades cost a lot to early in the game.
sanju singh : it's good high graphics but please fix a problem is on offline mode only 2or5 will be unlocked and all levels lock
jaquay washington : worst game i played it kick me out levels are impossible to pass why you have to get money to see if you win or not this is a pay 2 win game
savage woodworker : my son and i love this game. so stoked when we get a new level. the levels get so good!
mohd kamarul : this is an extreme pay to win game. you can't progress without spending any real money. not recommended
j d : it is a fun game, and for those of you who are thinking about installing do it. one thing i like is that when you win a race the money is doubled.
bill hunsicker : worst game ever i have been playing for a month and i can't get past a level. most of the people that did made the positive rate i think are fake. don't get this game!!!!!!!!
teri hall : i want to race the same leve more then once ever twenty four hour. other then that love the game.
ice : best game ever 1 because the graphics are really good and please fix the ads -_--_-_-_-__-_-_-_-_-
sd teachers : the game is excellent but there is a problem of money if you started one level of multiplayer your coins is finished and you don't earn money and there is no bakwerd button
jacob lefebre : worst game i've ever played...even voodoo games are better and there trash just like this game bad graphics bad everything the animation for when u win or lose ar trash just don't get this game
spinningceiling : it's alright, but it's stupid hard to get coins without coughing up the money. maybe a daily reward system?
a google user : game is dangerous extreme feature. and racing moments. so that feeling so good.
vansh bansotra : as ,all of you know that ,it is a good game. i think so,about that game and finally my dicision is that it is good for spending time ,when we are free
gaurav aggarwal : game is good but i am tired of the ads given. the ads spoils the mood of playing games.
luke berzins : the game was great but now all the levels i have are locked and i cannot access them anymore. please sort this
shawn roj : forced ads can suck my nuts. you suck. and your app is very jittery and jumpy on my galaxy s7. first ad and i uninstalled
tonmoy masnad : it is a great game for those who want to do extraordinary stunts. some of us might have a doubt whether to download it or not, trust me it's a great game.
brian davis : there's is a big lag just off the starting line . ever update just seems to make the gameplay worse used to be a fun game
rsng frce : great except ptw. i have switched to remastered which currently seems f2p.
ramchandrappa pujar : you made a nice game but only the problem is you are keeping so much money for the bikes
filip andonov : i loved to play that game on my psvita, now i'm enjoying it on mobile! lovely game. nicy physics, great gameplay, 5 stars from me
pancho villa : this game forced me to register my cell phone service provider as a payment method and i was even buying anything. i had no choice but to uninstall immidiately!!
damian thomas : this app is honestly so bad, its constantly bombarded by ads in the middle of the screen! trash.
lynne diamond : takes ages to download 2 and 5 minute ads pop up and who the ____ would spend money on a free game to get rid of ads
a google user : it's good. only thing is that the bikes fly too much, and the real feeling gets lost.
ally ali : better then all the other xtremes they can add a phew more thinge but other then that it is amazing!!!!!!!!!
biff tannen : smooth controls. decent graphics. ads are'nt overly annoying. 5 stars
rush machine pro : good game but the only problem is we have no money for opening sets. please make set for free
dannah marie aka: d or red : my sons 5 and loves playing. it can be challenging though also enough for an adult.
dieter steinhpert : load times are unbelievable. play for 4 seconds, wait 30 to respawn. insane.
debbie blackburn : this game is unfair it doesnt let beginners go at their own pace it makes you race against people that are better but still a great game
yagami lofi : the physics is extremely bad , literally defying gravity and law of motion . playing this cringe me up real bad
munsif khattak : it is almost impossible to play for free getting coins is more difficult then real one physically
a google user : it is very good game and i liked its level but the level is hard but i liked it i also like the tournament in this .
jacob b : i think you should add a speed indicator so we know how fast we are going because i would love to know how fast i need to go to recreate some of the stunts in real life
leigh findon : uninstalled almost immediately as this appears to be a pay to play game where you have to purchase coins to play...
josh allotta : games horrible ads pop up right in the middle of the screen while i'm playing and everything cost coins to even race
a google user : this is copy of game 'bike racing 3d' i have been playing since now, the sounds are copied, the tracks are copied and many more... worst game ever seen
onasoga pelumi : it's fixed. thanks so much. it's doesn't lag when playing online anymore. great game
dakota collins : it is fun with good graphics and easy to figure out controls
om kakade : third class game, bogus don't install this, game repeted facebook open and sign up, if you not have facebook, game is best but facebook login page comes automatically repeat is not worth.
matt fitzpatrick : used to be great games. now ruined by the gamble and race mode your forced to do.
everything on this channel : actually garbage you cant do offline races only practice just to compete in races you have to pay and if youblose and have no cash you have to watch ads i hate this game
jeremiah alcorn : i had this game bout 6 months ago and it was a blast. now it freezes up immediatly. lame..
aloke nath : why this game required permission of my devices media, photos etc. they are taking data from our devices. everyone be aware of them.
zyan gamer : money on this game so i can buy a new dirt bike so i can race on your app is really fun can you just send me enough to get the best bike you have and more if you just at least give me enough money to buy the best bike and i love your ad on the skin of it the it's like a reindeer you can you send me enough to buy the reindeer and the best dirt bike please so i can win some more races and i can earn more money if you leave me that bike can one maurice's earn more money money yeah yeah yeah sorry i'
cathyleen pepito : it's to hard to get the money that's why i use my load balance to purchase one but it's ok . this game is great
pradip rijal : everything is superb. if you can make some offroad tracks and race.
kloopk : has potencial, but should read "this advert contains a game". i support ad revenue but not at this level
smita kalita : best obstacles and just graphics should be improved but smooth controls
rachel kroells : i love this game because i love dirt bikes and the graphics i mean, who can beat this bike game? ill have to check out some others
critically exposed : brilliant game. downside, while i was pvp some players it looked as if they had the advantage of speed.
lesego morena : the game changing game with better experience of easy controls.
sumit mukherjee : game is not starting only... i am using vivo v15pro and in that the game is not running.. only it shows trial xtreme 4 and one scenery
nathan abecassis : not epic enough, i have a dirt bike in real life and the controls are completely different, i lost all my cricket data due do this game and was very disappointed to find out that there was no super zombie bob marley gift card rocco doesn't approve,
casey coakley : it's not good it asks for you media and photos when you just want to play the game .
dharmendra chauhan : super amazing game is this but i cannot earn enough money to do a race
kaare martin : for the last week every time, i pass the starting line i get a big lag. its the only game i play anymore
brandon fagan : fun easy but not 2 easy at the same time. love it. loads a lvls 2 10/10 great job 2 whoever made this
patrick morton : the game is pretty fun to play my only issue is that it is difficult at times to earn in-game credits
vedant dusa : as u play from begging it's easy and good but later it get harder and only a pro can pass that level overall good game you must try it
asad : worst game now not like before as use to be, so much ads in gameplay and look like developers are only hungry of money.
julian paull : the game is good but there are some really inappropriate ads so i might uninstall this app. please fix this issue
adity vasan : the games is really really good but you can do something about the graphics.
kourt camp : i gave this game a 5 star because the controller and bike works great and i get no ads from the game and it is just a really good game
streamline trk : throttle button not responsive how i can win a race while my opponent ai have good control than me. sorry to uninstall
syed shahid : its a very good gaming experience and a good stunts difficulties and different from other bike stunt games
overwritten protocol : i downloaded this game and while downloading i read the comments and while the download was already complete i uninstalled it without even opening. thanks for people in comments.
tom hanks : it's a decent game but they put you in h2h races nowhere near your best time so that it forces you to buy coins. they will let you win the first few easily and then make it impossible after
shaf# rez : not much good graphics setting for controls should be there and music audio control
carol van den berg : it one of the best games. the only thing that will make it more fun is to have a ore one person
jwala digital : great graphics in 120mb . this game is best then pubg . thiys game is tough . new lavel , bike, coustem .
henry westfahl : ads ads ads, all ads. you can't even move around without getting bombarded with ads.
eric anderson : always shows ads, but you never get free coins or anything for viewing. garbage
brian spilner : i'm not giving you permission for my photos, apps, or my storage. why do you need to access these? no thank you
michael lavalle : the game is fun but every tourny is a cheater. the company says they look for cheaters but they arnt hard to find its always the 1st place guy.
amirul islam : good graphics. and awesome control.. nice.. i loved the all series of trial extreme games...
xolovixia : probably the best dirt bike game i have ever played but can u please fix the bikes the keep glitching and the just break.
donnie williams : the graphics could use some help, but other than that everything is awesome
adam campbell : pissing me off everytime i get money and stop playing i log back in i i've lost heaps of money i've been trying to save 75k since i got the game about a month ago why does this happen i'm about to delete the game
zander foster : how hard it is. and i like how fast can go. and i find everything cool. and i like the graphic.
sjef leenaerts : nice game really addictive but seriously it always struggles starting up and never shows ads that do actually interest you
george wilburn : was working fine now won't even open for me even i've uninstalled and reinstalled 3 different times!!!
rollin : connecting to nothing and wasting my time trying to load ads i dont care about...it shouldnt have to connect becuz its pointless
lm_gaming &vlogs : i am bestest gamer of battle grounds game just like - freefire and i love free fire and in my phone there is also bus simulator indonesia and i also want to play this game boz it is a bike riding game and i am very excited for riding the bike. thnx
derrick rogers : this is an amazing game. great graphics, and super good controls
mursid : consecutive imbalace match resulted in total loss of coins. can't play anymore.
a google user : worst game so many ads and bots! i recorded a gaming video as well have a nice day!! dont download this trash
peter n : from experience from trial xtreme 4 it's worse than trial xtreme 3 and updates make it more bad.
kai traynor : i am a profestional trails bike reider in real life and i actually really enjoy this game like really enjoy it keep it up guys!!!!
dog : sooooo boring. after this i vant even play for 30 minutes without stupid ads and i don wanna spend any money to remove it
ceo of original made musik records : excellent game a real life experience it has nice graphics mind blowing stunts and easy to control
raya nahi : i had this on my iphone eleven pro and mi i pad i pad it was glicthy but on this phone and my other one they were amazing please let me know if you can help me
meshal 10 : honestly i personally loved this game.. but i was unable to play after a few weeks,them game froze at the home page
ginger ale 4201 : wont let me give 0 stars, get thru the tutorial but says i need to conplete tutorial to do anything, every button.says i need to conplete races but when i press play it doesnt do anything
a google user : great game to play good graphics played this game on a 7 hour flight nonstop still cant complete it all great game for any ages
hustle lord the destroyer : nice job ruining the franchise. i will rate 5 stars if you make everything free in trail extreme three again
a google user : its good bt some proublem that it some stages r so much hard and also more advertising ment .contact technical support
yash sharma : good game but it can be imprived with some updates. updates of graphics and levels
yaswanth vangapati : i really enjoy when i play this game. what a game yar. graphics and controls was super
scott tenney : great game no issues! alot of challenging courses! good gameplay
geo massouh : money to win not so good policy with such a famous game i installed it and after 30 min , i realized no going further without buying don't recommend it
a google user : showing a picture of a hill and a track takes 412 mb approx. don't install it guys just wasted my phone storage this idiot developer !
urooba malik : i have played this game alot it's amazing graphics are too good you will enjoy this game
christopher davis : just a tip for any free game: turn your phone on airplane mode to avoid ads.
deny vlogs : trial xtreme 4: extreme bike racing is the best game for playing my choice is 1 time you can download this game and install and can play . thanks
a google user : new track bikes are super and the game play is also good i love this game this game is the most cool in the word please download this game it is very good for people who like bike
lance howden : fun game however when playing duel mode it my game freezes after my turn and i can't return to main screen
begum shamima shamo : this is a very good hard or also very intrested game,,i also play this game and till i play this. i tkink you should also try this game. please tell me if my review helpful!!and if you like this game rate this app and send a feedback
christopher penn : it was bad game to download my son is in his room crying because he is stuck on level 24 fix your game he said he spent money on it to make his bike better but he could not pass he did max upgrade but he could not do it. do not get this game it will just make you mad he said he spend real life dollars to get money on his game to max out his bike do not get this dumb game
anik sarder : all good graphics and control both amazing but it's a online game and levels locked fake operant and bad is many many ads in game do not download this game bad game
jihad hassan jusad : this game is good but u guys need to add more bike and more upgrades and u should add mini games for the coins
saad khalid : #interesting..#amazing.#prety nice.#excellent.just download you will never delete it after loading.........no promotion!/////
jesse gilliam : when you start they want you to buy coins as soon as you start and if u dont they put you with players out of your league so you lose the coins you do have plus to many adds
bryce marsh : love the game had a problem when i purchased some coins but was fixed very fast very good customer support
machir robinson : great game, but maccu piccu level 8 is annoying to get through after and during the seesaw.
a google user : too hard to get coins...cant upgrade...game sucks sweaty balls.way too many ads...all they want is money
a google user : there are too good game... but very defficult levels so that i have be very problem the finish the levels...
bo sharpe : i think this is a great game.but there are way too much ads,and they are way too long.
rick muro : it's challenging the game play smooth and it's almost like ride to real bike it's pretty cool game thumbs up guys
eliezer melendez : deemedya should be ashamed of themselves i used to love this game but it has become a pay to win game and i will not simply support this game anymore it's really a shame this game had potential but almost every mobile game developer is catering to pay to win strategy and i refuse to support pay to win games it's a sini refuse to pay monthly for a game that is infested full of hackers they say they are removing cheaters but they are not i still see hackers everywhere goodbye trial xtreme
hamish : game requires access to your photos and media files, i'm not giving up my privacy for a game.
jai venkat : money minded creators, better dont waste your tike and enegry downloading this game, you wont even be able to unlock the third arena without having to pay them real money.
dylan : level 9 has a glitch that got me but i passed it now and over all this game is really addictive.
niko hellhound : nearly impossible to earn any money to upgrade. it was a pretty big letdown.
chris hefner : support team reached out to me after an issue with an update and solved the problem asap. thanks
tim french : glitches/inconsistencies make it difficult. dont waste your time. deleted.
a google user : collects data and sells to 3rd parties, snooping on the device, forces to add payment method. bye!
farhannn : this is challenging,great and incredible..if you like gaming go for it!!!!
mark seabourne : keeps restting winnings so you cant upgrade. support is redirected as a bad email address.
jack cheetham : it is a fun game but grinding out money sucks and it's not the most realistic trails game
mark *carnime* : it is a good game but fix the customization for the character it will not let me choose what outfit i want
abinav s : the game got stuck soon after tutorial. only buy upgrades options were available
mordern gamer : this game is better than the other bike racing games but there should be a daily reward system
danny cronin : cannot even get past first level as it won't let me press ok on the prompts during the tutorial. awful game
awe mauser : privacy vulnerability. software requires both storage and internet access.
gajendra sharma : good but.. some levels are not opening. after playing previous levellll
mike jacks : all the top times are from hackers, you can clearly see this when it shows you the the video of their run
benn thomas : good time to pass up the time. good way to set yourself some challenges.
atul kumar : this is a very interesting game with excellent graphics.this game is very cool with nice controls
ss : great its not bad the graphics are decent and everything is great to me i just love the game
brian muturi : this game is fun but when playing offline you cant see you are unlocking new levet anyway the game is great
ruba alghamdi : best game ever im eddicted to it but only one thing pissed me out everytime i lose i get an ad and why do i have to pay for the race
will b : the game kept crashing and was really annoying. pls fix this.
andy mackinnon : brilliant idea... lets put adverts in the middle of the page during game play... bye....
drxdd : love it different vehicles, nice ragdoll, and maps. keep it up:p
md asadullah khan : i have played old version of this game .in old version this was too interesting so i am downloading this game now after 2 years.
kalyan kittu : this was a really cool game but suddenly why the would you just remove the customization option and the ones that come by random are just useless
jahanzaib shahzad : this is a most wonderful game.guys just try to this game.wonderfull resolution wonderfull graphic design.
a google user : the game sucks it makes you compete against players you won't be able to beat so there's no point in playing the game if you can't win at least one game
shahid iqbal : slow loading for online play. new version should be available offline play.
ruven : need to buy money to finish tutorial, so you won't be able to play without paying
brave heart : i think this is a excellent graphics game because this is a playable and enjoyable game ever for me and this is my comment enjoy this comment and i love it this game for its graphics
papi matlala : very addictive game. the graphics and controls are amazing
daisy madiedo : it is sooooooo cool with the races and the challenges its my favorite cuz its soooo cool keep on the good work
fuzz_ lonley : really good game but i think they could add a bit more spice if you know what i mean and also could fix you the duels
d u s k : total garbage, if you wanna watch some ads this game is perfect for you...
gershwin stuart : its a phenominal game really and its down right hard core only thee ads totaly mess it up!!
connor purdie : game not consistently picking up touches for tilt control causing player to crash and fail race
anthony sloan : exceptionally entertaining. best phone game ive played. long ads but still a 5 out of 5 game
matthew stephens : it sucks you better bring back trail extreme 3for the phones because trail extreme 4 sucks azz.
bipin pandey : it requires ro make this offline because due to on line i was not able to all of level in this game very bad but good idea used in this game
dillon sutton : facebook tolled me that the develipers of this game were trying to get my information name number and address anything they could fine they were going to get thank good facebook blocked them don't get this game but just want to know why huh
aston king : its amazing every thing is anazing the physics and when the person crashes its super funny
tiffany heavlow : i love this game it is the best game i have ever played but it is just that i have to spend so much money on skins in the game so can you fix it so that skins you like you can buy
oliver turner : ready good but the cheaters make it really hard but if you know how to play it and never give up you can do it
marvin b. : the game just too many ads, recommend not to play and also days to unlock a bike upgrade
mr_asasin : i think it's ridiculous that you have to get 80 stars to unlock the female character
joey james : cant even get online from the start... constant server issue. not good.
dyls games : i honestly think the micro transactions are way to expensive guys. its a bike game. for mobile.
kes webster : gave four stars before but for some bizarre reason they've massively sped it up taking all the skill and style out of it. weird. god knows why.
thommo flanagan : this game is great 100% love it challenging and addictive and it's on a motorbike one of my favourite vehicles
aditya sagar : too many ads....worst game because of ads you can not play this game so don't install it
sheron reigns : this game is good but mr. deemedya please not my point. this game is full and full ad. please remove the ad from the game
anandhu anandhu : not soo good because its very tough to play some levels. make it little simple
steve hart : take a great game and remove all the fun from it. well done retards... just re release the old versions.
cyclone x : great game.everything is perfect.but hacking of this game is too easy.so,everyone is playing the hack version...
neels venter : after the update courses that i had to access to previously now had to be paid for. really weird
sandesh dhungana : good game , but i guess something important is missing , and that is viewing angles , hope to see this soon in nex update
kiochinghla marma : this is the worst game ever too much ads after watching ads the reward is too low the hackers & cheaters are in the top whom you can't beat though, after full upgrading the tornedo bike, it's also impossible to beat the bizard bike in the race it's always have to face with the super upgraded bikes it's sucks this game is just full of cheaters.... waists of time....
sk shuvo khan : this the online and offline games. the game is good. but very hard game.
a google user : well i don't have much to say what i like most is that you get lots pf second chances when your racing online
genius jack 505 : i like it but i would like it even more if you can search names then have a duel with them.
mica weber : great game, easy to play, hard enough to keep you interesred
tabassum khan : the best game. but the tooo many ads in the game.plss remove the ads of the game plzz.
aekansh dixit : bad physics. buttons don't work. keeps crashing.
candida hansen : this game sucks it's so stupid everytime i hit a jump and hit the ground then i fail and fall off the bike and don't download this game it's the worst
zara khan : this game is superb but from one week when we are trying to play this game this game is not opening, we hav e updated this also but then also this game is not working (we are requesting the department of this game to plzz do something) please
mukul negi : i really like this game but i hate the ads that interrupt during the game
devansh singh : very hard & difficult levels , graphics is superb.
siphamandla lucas : its a very good lemme say exquisite game and it has good graphics, stunts etc.
kraze1x : it fun but i wish we can make your own game with friends and family and play the game
shawn wood : some levels are just too difficult...lessens the fun of playing it
tanishq mude : there's lot of ads and to unlock next level we should always watch ads
worlen : i was quite good at this game , but after installing it today , the app wont open and it send message like "app is not installed" any help?
j. wilson : worse game i've ever downloaded! ever! that's an amazing feat. please, don't waste your time on this one!
michelle avery : worst game on the market because you cant even spin your bike easily or do tricks and its so hard to control
adriana gonzalez : i love the ragdolls. its not as good as trial extreme 3, but its still fun.
rex hunter : better than my expectations. its got good controls and pretty good graphics too
murali krishna maganti : while downloading i expected a lot but after playing the game i realized that this game is worst.it is like 30mb game even they are better than this.
juleeanna medina : it is not putting stars when i have compleated the stars and i have gotten under the time and no fails and there are no stars.
luke roberts : server is always down or under maintenance, fix the stupid game and it would be a 5 star
a google user : getting new bikes needs too much playing or some ... otherwise nice game!
antoine malundama : graphics appalling absolutely disgusting the sound effect don't even sound like a dirt bike
seth anderson : it is a good game the only dis like i had was i had a hard time makin money for upgrades.
piyush yadav : this game collects your personal data and sell them to 3rd parties for targetted ads .. can't you guys give even an option to play the game without giving our personal data for
gaming star : some levels are not complet, u just try again n again but some levels u do not completing there was most isshu
dalton scott : the graphics are amazing but the it can be very challenging
rocking rajeev : this game is very fantastic , with graphics and audio the best game i have ever see..
curtis horne : wouldn't even let me play because i didnt give them access to my pictures... what a joke, why do you need access to my photos ? not a chance....
s v : you hav eto watch ads and you have to buy purchase from game to play.... not bad game but is not free
e ee : i like the game and all but i wish it had the crashing glitch but still ill rate it 5 star
cj baker : i liked it but game made me delete it because every time u touch your head you crash.
a google user : it is a good game to play but i like it very much trial extreme gave me a great relaxation.............
deen ilahi : super fun game but the only problem is that on offline you can't gain levels
knoxproduction : its terrible like gives us a warning to brake or slow down or even the lay of the track
darin woodley : excellent game, prices for levels and upgrades are too expensive
ch fakhar sahoriya : such a interesting game love this. first i played this game on i phone 6 before 4 years ago.i am thinking about that game so i think that i have to play this game after alot of memories.best game ever in my life
sofia ali : and a lot of people are a little more than just the same as me taj is a great way for our kids in our country to be able to 33pm the way they want them in lungs and to make it a lot more efficient and can do more to 33pm and the other people will be better than they have a lot to do to keep them safe think eyeyeyeye said he 3rd and the first two are a good choice but i'm not going anywhere else to 262u3ueu 737373i3 you can do so much better if you're in the middle of a good job and you cm
cosmo : didn't get past the license screen, it a game. 3 licence agreements.
a google user : ti's very good but can lack a little fun with the graphics
ahmed hoosen : its way to good the graphics are tops and all the controls are tops
praveen raja : best mobile stunts game ...but to upgrade we need internet ...superb controls and graphics
steve moutsanides : very addictive game. love the mass amount of levels and controls
philip randolph : this game is so stupid! first of all worst graphics it's trash don't waste your time so complicated
philip breining : update...deemedya got back to me and helped me to resolve my issue. the game is fun again. thanks deemedya !
a google user : i like this game very much i m giving 2 star to it because i dont like its ads its ads are wastefull
a google user : i tried purchasing a 5 dollar worth of coins but the coins never appeared my 5 dollars however did disappear from my bank account i tried restoring the purchase but it didnt work, i just want a refund
marissa valdivia : its fun not that hard but ok just needs easy buttuns to practice also needs more map
bradley wright : it is good but their are weak points in it like the grass and the custom the end
garvit joshi : the game is just buggy would not mind paying but seriously glitches are very common.
stan hickey : not really an offline game. where is the music and sound volume?
durvesh raut : game is too easy and simple ..make it hard and long level and more proffensional
alfie o'rourke : it's a good game just needs more levels and longer levels
tayyab haseeb : if it will be offline then its good but its only 16 levels that are also called practice mode are offline that is why i m ratin only 1 star
nick haulot : this one is way better than remastered because you actually get as many lives as you need
pouya ramezani : very bad game, you cant go to menu every time. grahphic is not good.
shivendra shrivashtav : chalking levels, good grafics and driving physics.
killer gameing : absolutly afull wenever i raced someone it would pause and i would acsidently click leave and it would take my money
shaunna lee : very fun game i've only been playing for one week i like that there's no ads it's so nice
vann derrick : fun to pass time. a lot more commercials though.
mohammed khan : to be honest i love this game because it has online and offline moods.
bik bdr : good game but every step i completed it ask to come online and have to watch useless videos...
muslimah muhammad noh : graphic is good but i look too stupid when play it. sorry. uninstall.
salvador alcautar : i tried purchasing a 5 dollar worth of coins but the coins never appeared my 5 dollars however did disappear from my bank account i tried restoring the purchase but it didnt work, i just want a refund
c. w. : to damn hard! not enough money to win back to keep play. deleted
r a m : it's such a amazing game i loved it so much the was give a real feel of bikeing experience i loved it very very much iam biker i really appreciate this game
muhammad ardiansyah : too much pop up ads ,, try to do race & suddenly a pop up ads appear
sampath thushara : i. give. 5. stars. for. this. game. i. and. my freinds. are. playingthis. supergame. all grapics. are. good. my. favorite. game. is. trail. exetreme
np vlogs : worst game ever, need so much improvement in graphics.
mr. mamoodo : the glitches in this game are extra phenomenal, super funny, i love this game sometimes
rajaram steel center : i didn't give 1 star also because there is bug fixes and etc...... so please fix this bugs
sriram m a : don't install so many ads not play properly lot of ads infront of the race .
dan cook : love this game, quick to load and get riding, just feels good....best i've played so far, great work guys!! thanks loads :)
jody schimper : pathetic game. 2 days in and i must pay to race.. madness. what a waste of a great idea
russell fataki : it is so good u win allot of coins even if u get one star and u can do practice mode
briana claiborne : i rate this half a star!!! you guys have three other amazing games of this and you decided to make this trash the only game eligible for android!! dont call me a bad player because ive seen this same complaint these levels are impossible on purpose!! not even for the sake of making it fun just to make you rage!! part 1 2 and 3 were great but this is the most trash game ive ever played in my whole entire life!!!!!!
logan mac : i love that it does not have alot of ads and i just love dirt bikes.
leah broussard : awsome love it you can skip levels kill yourself for fun and play with friends
hood james : first bad reviews was key for me. was only downloading for my youngest son. does have good reviews but lots of bad ones also. reviewer lives matter!!!
john holmes : good game but upgrades are to much . had it 3 days . shame cause really liked the game play
abid hossain : very aggressive in showing ad , they force pause the gameplay for ad
debanjan majumdar : it is a very good game with racing experience and with thriller ...nicee
farming for the nation : absolutely awesome!!!!! the graphics are amazing
a google user : the best game ever thank you for making this game but can make have all the bike and unlimited coins
giovanni osorio : great game but it's really hard to move up to the next level sometimes.
chandu gowda : its good but we should have more coins and internet then it will be good for playing
nehal naik : it wants to access our photos and media...is it safe to allow the game to do it
a google user : this is an amazing game for those out there who like motorbike and stunts. this is a game that you need to have skill for...
a google user : it's awesome! and it has cool graphics because of my wonderful phone. oneplus 6
dominic boland : terible money grab! the daily sign in bonus craps out on day 4 and wont let you collect coins
michael mcdonnell : game is fun, but the fact that there's an add every minute is a joke..
child wild : very unique and lot's of fun.. i love this game thanks trial xtreme 4
team toasted : it's stupid well because when i get 50 seconds on a practice and race loose and loose money because it fail ones
don ricardo : way to many ads. make the game unplayable
justin lovins : fun game and some levels are a real challenge.
nick hogan : the game is so invigorating and addicting. keep up the good work
venkatesh .v : this game is very very very very bad game. not download this game. you install and play on time and playing one more time this game is not come. not download this game. i telling really. you want you download and see.
charlie silk : overall really good game really good graphics and controls
jd_fnaf : this game is amazing there's no glitches or anything wrong with it its just perfect
a google user : it was a gorgeous game in the world i don't believe this that it is a game i think it is a reality this is unbelievable it is a very very very awesome game in the world and i have no words more for telling for about it di mar i n c produces a unbelievable game
derrick soares : i love this game graphics and controls are amazing.
aryan shah : worst game ever some of the stages are very difficult to clear it......
john wayans : i like trial extreme 4 ... it keeps you playing and playing cant stop ....
dinesh gohite : graphics are too good , controls are also very good
denise krebs : this game is terrible the update makes the bike uncontrollable and it is so annoying
antonio lendoor : this is the best extreme biking game i ever played so far graphics is just perfect
mr tron : full of glitches. impossible to win without paying.
santosh medhe : i love harder and harder steps in the game and if i will complete your game of 200 steps then how much money i will got from this and how ? i will explaine again about this app after downloading.
laxmikant gaikwad : it's a good game and very interested game. graphics are good.bhai muze acchalaga tum bhi try karo.
james beecham : ads mid-race. unplayable as a result.
chris pariseau : fun game but stupid ads pop up right in the middle of the screen app deleted
saibabu m : game is very good and controls also but levels are not interesting.....
marini pachuau : it's a good game and also has a nice graphics, but ads is there
nathon mcgraw : couldn't get past the start prompts... app just froze.
the joke r guy : the repairing and upgrading price should be a little less
e. g. : i thought this was a game about the judicial system ...prosecutors vs. defense attorneys...i was pleasantly surprised as it's so much more fun !!! racing !! vroom vroom !!
devyn foreman : it has too many ads and the bike gets stuck in some jumps
stacey briggs : insanely bugging do not download. littered with ads and barely runs good
jake bender : absolute horrible controls and broken head to head matches
chris padgett : best dirt bike game you can guys customize your character and there are levels and there's easy levels and there's hard levels best dirt bike game ever you can customize your pants you can customize your shirt you can customize your bike and you can customize your shoes best dirt bike game ever downloaded it
jaylin ortiz : this game helps pepeole learn and stuff to me i love this game i play it every day after school and at home
brody hartlen : a good way to kill time when stuck waiting for pretty much anything.
firoz jewel : best games but improve the graphics and more bike parts and costumes
ahsan ali khan : thanks for the update i will be there at work today but i can to help you out with that girl is apps kia hy please send please find attached resume of my whatsapp only have one car please let i i i i i i love the idea to have it in my phone is not me i have a few things from the update i appreciate it
phonecontacts - games : get better graphics and let us throw the biker around on a game mode called "playground"
kids phone : i love it but they can just make the path more realistic please
karen izumi : it sucks it messed up my phone it malfunctions and it takes too long to load
kapo fakih : the game crashes every time i open it and get to the main menu
pedro lasso : very cool game, pretty addictive, fun and entertaining.
scott price : you get the feel of the bike and know before you going to fail a jump ("all round wicked")
matthew turner : i could play this game while watching a movie or tv shows. it is fun to play and you could play for hours
chris whitley : pissd off cuz just spent money on here and did not get the coins that i bought no one spin any money on this game it well tack your money and get anything in return
charybel sigo : well its nice graphics ...super nice 2d grahics..bt th question is ...it is online racer? i doubt it
shane parsons : boring! and ask for way too much personal information.
aaron anderson : the game is good but too much ad and it crash too much
jakes othnel keshi : i love this game because of the graphics and the action of the game and the control is awesome
sam roberts : that's gay mark sec i'm really going to be cool at this game i'm a video game player i'm addicted to the angry birds subway surfer bmx tricking warlock doing stupid stunts on dirt bikes playing girl games like barbies are girl video games go to anki overdrive like the bouch like to be annoying i like bella from twilight what to do epic unboxing videos of pokemon and yu-gi-oh i'm in love with the pitch perfect cast i'm in love with shanks i would rather one to be in slaughter racing prince i can
tathastu pandya : please re-add trial xtreme 2 on play store with android 10 support. please......
a google user : it is very challenges game i like it it is must be advertised but it is not have 3d
cracy dudy : trial extreme 4 the wonderful game it's look like real it is online & offline
waheed khan : we have to pay money to unlock the above level worst experience..
kevin walsh : purchase was fixed and they even upgraded it! great game!!!
sonia dwulat : adds such i dont have it yet its downloading but i played it many time on my friends phone so i know its really good and fun
muhammed anas : very super game graphics very power bike are more place are more and very beautiful
rekha jat : thanks for letting a guy to in order to make it do to make it better but to me it seems to y hehe ri rush to get ready for the fr dhsy a little to much to do yes to both but to be wgeu in my car and a ride home from a long time and it is not in the mood for some time and in a few days and then i can call and ask him to send me the money and you can jdjryr in a few minutes
john ngigi : i love the graphics and control of the game its awesome
a google user : wow good graphics,controls, also trial xtreme 4 gameplay is so good
anurag yelchatwar : awesome controlling and then graphics maashalla nice working on this game karo aap bhe download have nice day.
technical dost : but ad problem is to much ads in game and game is very good graphics
david hendry : its very nice but ads are full on otherwise its all very well done
bomb droppa : i have rage quitted a million times. if i could rate this a halve a star i would. i would not recommend this game.
a google user : nice game .good control ,awesome graphics .....i enjoy it.
a google user : game is worthless thanks for wasting my time make this stupid game extremely hard not fun played about 20 mins lost all my gold hope this game gets removed soon
jennifer lay : fun to play a little expensive on the gear and bikes but fun
jessica mann : i love this game but i don't like the changes i gave the game 5 stars bc i like it though and pls revert it back
dev sharma : its a good in controling,graphics,game play..etc its one of the best game ever played by me..i give 100 out of 100..to this game..
shreyansh abad : this is 1 of the best game it is very good . but their is many adds i request that remove add pls
zaza lopez : i give this a 5 star cause its easy to play and the controns are easy better than the other one i played
raj singh : wow iam so happy but plz make the levels a bit less hard graphics is good comparing a bike game
ian hill : dont bother downloading this game. i've been play this game for a while now.and suddenly i can win a race.....one big swiz...
futomi nomura : ads starting to play in mid game not a very fun experience....
mr x playboy op : graphics and controls are not good at all
flopbel : terrible level design, buggy and unresponsive obstacles
justin shally : downloaded this game and it asked for access to phone files and contacts etc. despite my better judgement i allowed it access and now everyday i've had spam calls... coincidence?
yogiraj gadhavi : the level of the game is different, there is also something different. i have not seen such a level in one game
bianca long : awesome except there is no way to get the last levels without internet
leonel razon : trial extreme is a game that full of kills tricks and other that needs of any player
darrian fall : i love it i just wish it wouldn't take so long to restart when you fall
chris turner : i love the game. it's very nice character clothes it's like a rock star game. i love it it's so good
adil farooq : when i tap on the game it loads and then it says unfortunatly trail xtreme has stopped working sorry not completly now how to speak eng
grant upton : not as good as trial xtreme 3 half the levels are virtually impossible
euan monk : it is a very good game for when u are board but it is just a bit lagy but brillint
akash thapa : i love the game but plz remove bad adds in indian adds. all adds are bad for child so plz check your adds
oladeinde tissot : the graphics is superb but the obstacles r too hard
void runner : i love this game but i would like to know how to unlock all levels. my lil bro has everything unlocked and does not habe miltyplayer. could you tell me how? but good game.10.1/10
cameron martinez : this game will literally make u want to shoot yourself this game is so aids its fun when u finally dont crash but u crash 24/7 because of how gay it is
kane quinn : terrible graphics whole game play is shocking no where near the standard it should be
michael dollarhide : it's a great game enjoy the backflips front flips the high jump just gnarly dope
kevin stokes : game play is good very enjoyable... just to many adverts
shouvik karmakar : ummm.... good but could be netter if it has firstperson camera mode.
tridip r. pathak : it is a very awesome game but the levels are little tough
a google user : i can't download the game i tried it very times but it can't download.please fix it
michael mitchener : amazing game. has challenges and good technical play
philip james : challenging, fun, good graphics, all together great game
dead zetsu : i was forced to watch ads. couldn't skip them.
kristophernicholas baker : the game is not wroking. the server are down and well not let me play online plz fix it
blake ryan : good game physics are not realistic and prop placement is poor
philip sager : quite a fun game. i love the challenges it comes with.
ishba ashraf : very bad is it teff l playing the new mobile is it was stuck coming than l delete that game then no stuck l deleting that game
neelam dangwal : this game i am crazed on becuz you know 2014-2018 it is my favorite game but then forgot it some how i am so exited to play it again lit the best keep it up devsmake more and do not focus on bad comments
the hit lister : ads pop up on screen while you play.. worst f$@king game i've ever experienced on the play store. shame on you devs
dalton dunton : damn near impossible. spent hours on one unfair level because they made the course set for you to fail so you cant even move on
sizwe s. b. sibiya : not running at all, been connecting for the past hour
krishna rastogi : excellent game but the level is so hard so play it and make possible not impossible
keshab : don't install this game. .....showing ads during gameplay.... irritating game
vijendra kumar : wow this game is amazed really i am very happy with this game this game without operator experience at the stunt bike also better graphics like original you never bored from this game this real this game really collective
tanya parsley : i like the game it's just when you do a back flip it's so slow
emma jean : its a great game expirence its nice but its kind of hard to steer hope this is helpful
rabiou illa : nice game, great time killer... played the 3 before really enjoyed it.
monster nrg : your trax are two short or the bike is to big for jumps good try....
beata duslak : this game kicks me out. i hate it and ads every minute
kodak t ald : great graphics,, finally found a game that challenges me
. : two time i install it . starting itself stuck . worst
a google user : addictive!! great and fun game. i love it, would reccommend.
mr l : wants more of your data than facebook. their response sounds like a facebook response as well.
markovivarplayz : this game is so good but some of the levels are hard i give this game five stars
jake clark : it's great fun just need more bike to be able to buy
n-v-s : what are you doing this game no ok and no motor bike nothing ok cool game but the season it's stupid sorry i don't think it's a problem ok thanks for me no email no password game trial xtreme 4 extr on friday tournament no worries about thanks for the update you can get gifts 100 free bugk please don't worry about it is a good time
david murphy : well designed. tournament option adds a bit of fun
lovely damage : it's really bad pls do better i tried to play and there so many ads i so stupid
luca i. : its ok but it has ms and thats very infuriating wenn you hit like 1:01 amd you dont get the star,but overall its good game an well made .
shubham bansal : gameplay is good but begging storage permissions which r not necessary...!!!
a google user : i always get bored and delete it but always find a way to down load it back
marko rojs : it's a very good game. some levels are very challenging
brian judy : challenging and good control and graphics!!!
a google user : i give it a 4 because you have a 3 retires and i think you should get infinite amount and get 3 go back to your check point
desh bhakt : i played all trail extreme games!game is awesome but too much ads
electro_ gamez : not tried this yet but it looks good , if i feel like it's boring i will change my decision ... also shout out to peppa pig mlg maker .. watch it!
sunil malvankar : it very good game now just example each level hard we have not skip excellent game nice
raja shaukat : its good but its hard to earn points and confuseing to earn them
cameron remus : really good game but the multitudes of ads make it trash
awr fam like and sub : i like the graphics but u need to make packs cheaper (developer)
decal : i love this game. all of you should download this and play but try pubg mobile. its the best game ever.
keith maggioni : can't get my bluetooth controller to work with this. meh.
doctor1359 yt : its realy easy at first but then it gets a littile hard
shaan singh : epic game all ways play this when board i really like it all ready completed all levels on phone now on tablet/ipad
vaisakh np : ads are way too often, used to be better
edgar matherne : it's an ok game just wish everything was so much r u get money for tricks in game
diamond airplane : its great in all but when i use my phone not my ipad it lags please fix.anyway great game :)
stefan aravanov : the game is trash and when you die it plays stupid rock music that make you rage more
rachel de leon : pls fix it i always install and uninstalled this app whenever suddenly stopped working
a google user : awesome game i have enjoyed a lot their ate so many difficult levels but good game
tanay keskar : i have given 4 stars coz there is no changing clothes option in trial xtreme 4 but it was in 3
norman bates : good game once you get the controls an timing down packed
mike botzenmayer : this game sucks just because of the ad's its pay to play nothing in life is free
parvathidevi bolla : a real tough challenge since a long time .a real good game
mekayel peters : not a bad game but plenty ads
asrith : why it doesnt support full screen view in 6 inch edges curved type display.?
shilpa kulkarni : its a very good game i felt relaxed after completing this game but i wont spoil the the last level its really good
adhvaryu dishant : not working on realme x2 model, it stucks after picture..plz work on it..
a google user : offline only 8 levels and all levels play without internet
barry peterson : its fun but you need more ways to make coins when you have 0
lily osei-tutu : this game is the real deal try it everything has beenput together perfectly but little details are not good
nil ratan mojumder : i liked the competition and the stunts and all other things.
sadaf aina rukhsar : i have play this game in recent years i know it is entertaining & interesting & containg a lot of fun
a google user : nice game. i like this game. it's graphics are so awesome. it is so cool game.
timothy dace-oneill : needs better bike physics doenst feel like a trials game but is still an ok experence
gulby02 gulby : every thing is great but about i buy some coins that i didn't receve in game need healp any healp?!!!
y official : best game for motorcycle . i have played 3 and 4 version of this game i like this game so much ... thanks
malcolm perris : my bikes speed has slowed down considerably nice bug fix thanks
luka gokadze : it is the worst game in the world. i never bownload it again.
mark w : good but not as good as the classic console versions...
osaram nawab : motorcycle rates are too high, please do it beautifull game but coine and bike high rate
george taylor : this game is quite frustrating when you die but it is really good
rawitra hikmal : please add the live multiplayer and improve the graphics.
prasu jack : such a bad game, graphics are not good and levels are not good and 431 mb net are simply weaste
a google user : great game just needs less ads when you crash
pavel : privacy vulnerability game needs access to your personal data ajd internet as well.
a google user : bravo game.. graphics and controlling is very well..
guriya singha : it is a very good game but the level are hard you should download the game
a google user : not willing to allow access to my photos and media
raj : it doesn't install ... download 2 time and it's doesn't install....it restart again and again and don't install
natalie newton : it'd great just needs more mobility and bounce
bryce : terrible way to hard need to be more easy and too much ad
chingfromkorean : i love trial because it's easy and level 10 is hard?
tanner bailey : i really love this game. i always play it when camping or have no internet. i just with y
craig glass : absolutely crippled by pay to play and locked features...
operator : terrible. they watch you through your phones camera as your play,they listen to your calls,steal your contacts/numbers to sell for telemarketers,read texts and who's know what else they steal.
david rogers : keeps pausing mid game with ads, ruins my times.
nick : ha people this game is the best!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mr agha : i uninstalled it because of the annoying ads
genevieve holthaus : this game is the best best game. .
aman mishra : how can i play with my friend in game
roy hinkle : pretty hard to do but very fun once you get the hang of it
syed javeed raza : what is the concern of the games like that for asking access to the gallery, media phone storage????
a google user : some tracks are hard and some are easy peasy lemon squeezy.
nick trevorah : great app whens it's not lagging. lagging most of the time
kevin newbury : levels can become tricky so early on in gameplay
ryan brown : a few things are quite frust-rating :) (ha) but it isa cool fun game :)
paige forrestier : i love it because when my ps4 controller dies i play this very good for when your bored
vishvanath ghodake : i didn't played but i played trail xtreme 1 is so good give us some support please i am from india
judd mighton : way to many adds ......i'll probably end up uninstalling if they keep this up
lisa curnow : i love motor bike,s if you like racing to i recommend you should play it see ya next time
steve watkins : good game easy to play and fun, what more do you need
armando alvarez : always fun to play! great for pastime.
larkity owu reece : it's fine game by me because i can do some of tricks and i don't see a problem at all
zeeshan : worst experience. cuts everything in the notch and the edge.
malayya bhandari : wari bad game it is ware tati bont wast your data
john marshall : way too many ads they have them inserted into every aspect of the game
pearson davisjr davisjr : i like and put a 2 stroke dirtbikes and challenges please mame more money
yin yang : fun to play definitely one of the best on android
autran r. octave : could have fp view and courses. would make it ultimate
vrushali korde : this game is very nice but there are a very stupid ads
william dangelo : i lost my money thanks to you game 1,945 and the game took it away! don,t play this game!
terry vandenlangenberg : very nice graphics and is a great challenge
vladyslav ovcharenko : too much ads and buttons setting does not exist
deon waniuk cuthbert : this game is so much fun the graphics are good and it is really fun
neil : it's epic not just that you have really fast bikes.
a google user : i think the games got quiet funny moments in it ..............i really loved it
eternal : had question why cant i reset my stats i've been trying to do this but it kept connecting
fj08 life : good but the extreme levels are way to hard
sagar paradkar : too much ads in centre of screen.. dont like it..
richard chamberlain : good game but can nolonger able to play without being able to log on through facebook which i do not have
erin buckner : i love this game it's a never ending challenge thank you for the awesome game
rohan patil : this game is best ...but who is not win the level je os sad and streach so some part of rhe game is make easy so other is happy beacaus he is level co i download the game and open and i see my accound have no money please sent me some coin please support
michael mackay : pritty good if you ask me
15-fahad.m. sahirsha : bad game, but good graphics highly competitiveness
camryn williamson : the game is not to good i do think there is way to much adds and and that is not fun unstall this or do not install it thank you
bubba goins : crappy. ads pop up during your game and you bail of your bike from nothing
manoj kumar a r : dirty app ever installed on my device don't install it is full of ads
roger binford : too many ads, uninstalled after 5 minutes
keiran carpenter : its so much fun i like messing around and driving into bombs xd
jacinth : you run out of cash real soon and there aren't any effective way to collect the cash back in any proper way.
richard hensley : this game is fun but aditcin but fun you can't quit playing it.
saatvik : too much diificulty to the point ite coins get wipes out.....
gabrielle cook : the controls are very weird and bad!
a google user : i have tried all its parts all r awesome except trial extreme 3
yashwanth yashwanth : good game bettter expireince and graphics
asg football : too many ads, annoying, wasting time
zachary brown : first thing i see opening the app is you will take my personal information!!!! na i'll take a hard pass on that!!!
bornventure mwape : this game is cool but you need to change the vision of the game
mary mcgee : because it is a fun game i have a different account but i have played it before and it is an awesome game
rohit gaikar : game is good but the ads popping out is disgusting please work on it
a google user : worst game ads come on a hard stage and ad over we are back
alek i dimitar gameri : i give 4 stars for its too hard and its not ez and i play this game one year and i cant buy new motor
xdinsanesniperz : good game but it always gives me people with the best bike and it takes all of my money
a google user : hi this game is best for other trial xtreme i am waiting for trail xtreme 5
a2m : nice cool fun game ...but i need to unlock so many things ...
rajesh kumar rajesh kumar : this game is brilliantly. awesome feathers graphic. play game trial xtreme 4 now
jameel mohamed : don't know y they ask for access to my media files???. all they need is jus facebook or google account to login and saving progress of the game.
amy hunter : fun too play but hard enough too keep you coming back
jordan buchanan : it is a nice game very fun sometimes frustrating but i will give it a 5star
a google user : my experience as the best! this game is perfect for those who like motorcycles
dharmendra singh : best game for time pass sometimes hard sometimes easy very good game
cole brinkley : great free game to play when traveling.
sampath s : trial xtreme 4: extreme this game good very nace game this look si fantastic beucse the game super 3d trial xtreme game
a google user : it really does work out and you don't know how much you love it until you play it
gaming mega mind official : this is a great app i love it my kid is playing it like crazy he never stops
afam58 : good fun and realistic trail bike game.
leighton howarth : great game, plagued by constant ads
pal pranshu : very super game i will find in play store from 2 year
big shaq : u can play it on your phones its amazing i would put it as 100000 /100000
a google user : the ads make the game unplayable
junaid rahman : everything is good...loving this game .... everything is okay ... i am sorry for my bad review . it was my wifi manager problem ... :) thank you for your reply ... this let me remember to update my review ...
gourav asodiya : cannot get access to all the levels.. it should be free
cody spend : its a pain to earn money you have tp go and keep doing to make money just to beat races should have an easier way to make it
itzalex : great app i love ever part of it i love how it feels no bad revews this app is great pls download it its a fun time passing game
hamlyn plant : no good with all the ads waste of time and money
rohini raut : this is very bad game & to many ads don't install it on any way
a google user : this game is so good when i play it i feel like a god and can u add a mega ramp map
shivani goel : very bad waste of time. don't download this rubbish game.
cool perea2 perea : i love this game i think this in the best game i played yet there is good grafics i can not explain how much i love it
e k : buggy and always when most inconvenient.
a google user : not open the game my android 8.1.1 we not open frist play then open next time not open
xxtoxicmanxx gaming : good game no input lag and perfectly balanced
copper fletcher : awesome graphics and a ton of fun!
pappu johnson : seems like this game is not safe.. asking permission to access device photos.. while installing!...
pizza poppa : i love it really challenging and good graphics
rebecca huxham : i had no money. i just went to test drive on wan. then i got more money ya it is cool and awesome to
zain ali : i like rhis game plz make offline modes without money you make offline modes and i take you five star rating
josh clark : this game sucks now with the new update it usd to be amazing in 2019
a google user : great game,as usual ads are a pain
chloe wakely : i am freaked out by this app when i downloaded this app i went on it and the graficse are amazing so i nearly pooped in my pants
xoxo momo : bad level design and sound effects
spnnzz_ : need to make the whole game free and not need to pay for levels
amda iris : why do you need storage access, media, photos???
devika niroshani : it was so bad and boring because i cant go to other levels
michael kibirango : it's laggy and theirs a bunch of ads it won't stop
rickey raajesh : super game friends i will recommend this game for boring guys, it will be very challenging game
yannick durindel : unequatities in duals but a great game, really
ayush raut : the game is soo good but ad was very disturbing in game and your online rule bhsdk band kar issey
shakeel kuknoor : nice game with incredible graphics but without internet this game is nothing
r saravanan : don't download such a waste game. it is waste of time and money
rithesh k.r : great game and great graphics waiting for trial xtreme 5
himanshu pal : it's a nice game with good graphics .good time pass
jarvis rear : dope game just feel like you need to spend money early in the game to stay equal
jon thomas : it's super fun there is challenge so it's better.
a google user : this game is awesome but its better while it ha all levels offline
william ford : a difficult game, and very hard to uninstall
deklan swann : its one cool game because its have loops and doing it with dirt bike not bmx soo cool
a google user : good game but the bikes could be a bit cheaper
rudra verma : good game and very nice gameplay there are some glitches
soner blade : dont recomend u play it there r idiots everywhere litterally everywhere and the game acts up so the enemy wins and you lose
brindley chin : ads ads ads and worst gameplay those brake were not tight
jordan smith : forced review to keep playing
nwaf hefny : very nice game, either online or offline.
helen ogueri : this game is good because i play this game on my friend talblet pls make this game work and i like dirt bikes please play this game you can play it when your bored
naman sharma : very bad game bad controls uninstalled after playing for 5 mins
mohanapriya s : bff our call today to contact me at the unveil of new skin clinic la piel the me know if you are not the intended recipient you are not the intended recipient you are not the intended recipient you are not the intended recipient you are not yet rated it now cal pannu and your question the answer your email find the sessions mam kindly i am waiting on a decade of the the size of a great time and consideration and super mario bros and your family a very easy to home page and super mario bros u wii
siva k : worst game i never saw this tipe of adds so many ads in this game
duncan matheson : good loops very well made nice trials bikes and nice clothes
a_sword gaming : i give 5 stars game is too good i love this game i think it's best bike racing game on mobile
sakamoto -kn : lots and lots of ads and ads that you cannot control
steven rogers : really bad game adds on every loading screen
yash savle : great addictive game but has to fix some glitches
bradian williams : really good game ,can add a few tricks in the air
vijay vardhan reddy : intresting and tough too ,best time pass game in thos quarantine
mansoor ahmad : this game just a nice not bad just graphics good and playing very good so nice
ptsbenj : super good recommend i for people who like bikes and racing
eugene duvenhage : this game is very good and i have fun with it and who ever wants to play it you must get this game it's so cool well i give a thumbs up
cgm : the fact that i have to pay 500 coins to race, makes spending real money a must do. which i won't do.
jason calvert : loved this game,but it was accidentally uninstalled, now i cant install it. could i get some help on what i might need to do so i can install this game.
aniken garcia : great but wish some maps were free but over all good
jj van zyl : its good but the ads!!!!!
jimmy holt : i don't know how to play this it was fun the trailer but when i could play it even let me play
saba idk : good game, but make graphics better.
star ramos : its a good game but to easy i got all bikes and upgraded them
melissa resch : this game is really fun really really fun my grampa got me a dirtbike and i am now a famus rider i really leared alout from this game its a good learning app
tanatooriley : the game is so good, especially in the car,then your going somewhere
a google user : aweful. unplayable with the adverts
allen hewitt : it is good graphics, pretty cool dirt bike game
bharath bharu420 : super jodi game of thrones season and the same year he was happy with the following url adobe i love ok email and delete this communication and the following link unsubscribe please
ch gangadhar : worst game in play store my mb all wasted i didn't like this game when i am playing my opponent is going fast than me i can't believe it
gajanan solanke : this game is not bad but you have to add another mode etc this game is op
jayshree sarwale : nice game but graphics is not better
ceandre lindolent : graphics are awesome and so is the game itself
saeed haseeb : game is good but plz biks are to sastly plz make free perment bike
its me : better then all bikes games in play store
sharon bradford : it's because it has dirt bikes and cool skins
sizbun& brobun : boring it only has one level and to easy
a google user : game should be improved to extent and it will be more enjoying otherwise it is a good game
maria jose murrieta : level 4 hardest level can't get passed it
craz crazy boy : this game is very addicting just a couple times glitching but its good
perfectlycutmemes : please fix your physics if i fall to hard on both tires i fall if ant then fail
automotive helper : it is a sooo good game brilliant graphics and soo best control
campstrike : best motor game ever but can you make a 3d game like motor games
pradipta roy sarkar : a lot of ads!!!
adityaraj ghatge : good graphics and improved performance
jacob crone : fun game wish there was easier way make coins
coty flier : i wish you could customize more aspects of the bike.
john gledhill : quite addictive but a few ads
aj plays apex : i sucks bad dont get it pls hard to do the jumps competition way to hard
dilip raj : worst game ever played in my life it take 2 min time to open and still it not open i not understand that what i do i am i'm confused that i install this app or keep this app it have to improve i am a gamer i not understand that what will i do
sukul vishnu : it was a very good day for me because i finished my last level in this game after 5months this game was crazy
angery lettuce : make the game playable offline and doesn't require internet connection. please
patrick anasa : it take long to be download.and long time also to install
james bowles : loved it make more games like this and add a multiplayer
zx zion : some of the levels are hard
boom fen : the game is ok just the controls are hard to use
spider venom0420 : bad game lots of adds right from the start of the game.
choco taco : this game is know better than that one game i played it was the most realistic game i ever played but the creator ruined it so i came to this and i liked it
jason anderson : excellent game. to perfect it is nearly impossible but if you know your mojo it gets to kicken.
santosh dangi : so much advartising and only 5 offline games other all in online bad expirience
arnab das : is this an app for advertising? or this is a game!!! totally ridiculous....
matthew carter : i have been playing for a while now and its great! no issues good game.
brad dunne : i ran out of money and then couldnt compete in anything because i didn't have an entry fee
azam khan : plz make it bugs free and enable motion settings
vinay sankhwar : hello sir/maam my request is to you that my child has done a transaction of some inr by ordering in ap game purchases with my credit card unknowingly my credit is already feeded in my play store account, when i came to know about the game application i deleted without any delay, so we have not taken any benefit or profit of the app purchase. this work is done accidently by my innocent child 8 yrs old. therefore, i request you to kindly look into the matter and refund my amount. i shall be highly oblized. thanks
michael woollard : its a good game but hard if anyone tryna look for a dirt bike game thid game is good
samuel martin : good game but it's hard to get coins.
t bo : a great way to curse, yell profanity, break ur phone, or come up with a new touchdown dance. straight up addicting
dakota taylor : great game but i wish there were a way to reset your game..
a google user : brilliant game.wonderful graphics,control.
tushar dixit : intersting game me play in the 9 month. level is very hard
bo sanford : it's fun and hard but it' really fun
nikita borah : good but controls so bad please give ubdate for better controls
reshma shaikh : it is very nice but the graphics are
pradeep gorakhpur : very bad game when installing then it is saying that sorry with the problem it can't be installed
vape kitty : i remember the golden ages when you'd play these on your internet browser with your friends the good times
a google user : amazing .. game. good .. graphic .. good additive. i am loved it....
ron penny : its a petty good game but some time it gilitchis but its a pretty good game
omar saad : the game was amazing but there's one level is offline
john fulton : my experience was brilliant for burning time what a game to play everyone should download this
christine roukey : i love this game no glitches no lag and the controls suit just right
dina maharjan : it a very good game i like most this game it control is very easy it graphics is very good this game is very hard to play
julian perez : its really good because you can ride multiple vehicles
tajus marciulevicius : this game is so grabage. the fact that this is so glichy and in a trials game i rly dputh you are needed luck to vin a duel thats retarded
firedoc : no map is good. bikes arent powerful enough.
ntoane mophiring : this game is awesome.nice graphics good controll
abhijeet : i would like to give 0 stars . everyone have bike of last stage and so we are just looking coins. please ban that bike
suresh kumar : graphics is good and very addictive ro play
mrflitflame : good game plz make bikes cheaper tho and add goggles but overall its fun
david jewett : trial extreme 3 is better sucks they took it off the play store
mahian azam : awesome it but graphics quality not good.
jason rivera : worst game ive ever played to many adds and everything is better than you and glitch things know uou off your bike
zuhudha hassan : i love this game best game of the world great graphics and controls
brandon leavins : i have purchased gold 3 times and it doesnt show up.
diverse nation : this game sucks, make some games to get fun , not depression
gurman raj : very bad i spend hours to get money but i not get any single coin
patrick not-star : nvm it works so good now graphics are so good that i now love this game!! but unlicky my little cousin cause he cant play it even once
a google user : it's good but please upgrade a bit of everything keep it up
axhere isufi : this game is awsome ghrafics amazing i think this is the best game in the world i enjoy it alot.
daniel hammond : very good no bugs customization is good
kimberly woodard : it is good and fun but i wish it would be easier to make mney
stuart walker : good game would be better if u could play offline.
a google user : awesome, very fun. fills the time between real rides
a google user : great game....... but you must fix the control
mini monster : i think this game is good for people who love playing motorbike games because it's really awsome
kareem khouli : to much adverts literally every single one there's a add
gg hh : improve your game worst game ever always ads
princesyedz syedz : good but not much better advertising problem
a google user : this game is very good and it's graphics is very good
chinedu daniel : is good i love the game please create war game offline like the let it be really like this game
tai mishu : this motorcross game is fun, safe and cool.
kyle farrant : brilliant game and excellent pass time
switch thoks : this game is awesome but i don't really like the graphics
vibha pathak : this game is very good for android mobile it like a real bicycle xtreme
martin p : used to be a good game, now it's an ad-filled cash grab
toni : not optimized! always lagging!
a google user : your game is great creators ,but you have to get rid of this adds please
kade padgett : how is it fair that you put us up against people who have bought their way up to the best bike in the game? when i'm only on the second bike
hammad naeem : controls are not what they used to be , otherwise perfect as ever.
ratheesh t : i liked this game this is the game we can use our skills in motorcycle we can go online play
jyotish paul : it is better than pubg and its graphics is nice like online game
shity dhanu : worst game ever on play store....they are fooling you....you have to pay for each level to play the game.....fake team deemedya...
ck.lakshmi lakshmi : the best racing game is triral xtream in play store give more updates
egyptian el : i feel like that it have like a hard challenge but it dosnt have to be hard
pro gamer : nice game and good graphics and nice control
joseph mundell : fun game. a little agetating at times.
harshit ojha : this is a high graphic game and very very good
nick : ridiculous amount of ads
a google user : it has too many ads
sanketh .d : amazing game still need more grafics and root trail
the food guru : no way they give your privacy to 15 3th partiesand they want the access all your media and folders i just delete strait away
jean brodie : its a realy good game but takes about an hour to downlod !!
lalit joshi : ads a lot less features in offline
errr : graphics are not the the best.
a google user : i have been playing number 1 since i was in school i'm now 26 and still playing say no more
throw : laggy and to hard to progress but fun
skike fish : this is terrible my character tilts on his own and i dont even touch the arrow keys
connor green : fun but u don't get all the upgrades for the bike
lippzy : actual trash, can't even load into the game
monika upadhyay : worst game, bigger in size but not upto the expectations..... disappponting....
khandakar shahnawaj : game is not login by facebook account show error
sajid ali : the levels are too hard
phillip bryan : video lag makes it very annoying to race
willy kavli : some looping adverticement that ruin the game = uninstall
abhijit manna : useless game boring graphics and sound part 3 was better than this
dragonsmonk : too much advertising, no progression via non pvp.
lathan the gamer : omg this is such a great game and this brings back memories from the game on xbox360
berserk demon : this game is super awesomei ts so challenging and that is what i like about this game.and mostly the game is just good
a google user : too many bugs but overall good game
sha n to : this game is too good and annoyingwhen i played offline
duculet norbert : to many ads
angeline frigillana : i love it!! but this game is painless because it has tattoos why not :)
toka : good game but to much ads, when you fix it and my rate to game will be better....
gabriel pecori : it is the best game i now and everyone that says that it is trash get a life
vaibhav soni : full of ads and modders
piyush. vasava : this is good but update on and meps add love from at navagam ja
bud mcsmoke : fun game wish i had this on xbox 360 though.
mrbjorntsc : money grubbing too hard for a basic game
abhishek verma : there no way go level by level
just camo flague : outstanding, awesome fun, challenging to a very experienced rider such as myself.
snow king : five stars because you have premium and you can buy premium only four $20
anthony scott : good, lots of ads
rajesh kumar : suddenly this game is not opening. help us!
xboxttv3 _szn : the best 2018 game with good graphics
fredrick tracey : fun and good graphics...i play it lots...
unexpected thunder : it's cool but everything is to expensive to be honest
tom k5 : top top game
a google user : i love it and it is very fun to play when you have nothing else to do:)
jeyy23 : love your game but needs to download faster and then people will get it more
rahul aggarwal : showing too much advertising
rahul bhagile : nice game but bike power is low ...........
francisco junior : they just want money, now all levels are blocked and it's necessary purchase to race, uninstalled.
saurabh kumar : you cost coins in every match,what type of behaviour is this? opponent is always tuff than you,why?
sartaj gill : i love this game because you can race and i love all the bikes in this in this game the wheels
shivaji gawle : very cool and fun with the driver.
arokiya mary : the worst app i doesn't even opens after the damn update or something
michael mulvaney : download the update and now i can't get past anything. love the game before that period
piotr sowa : love this game. but bit lagging sometimes.
fatima zamora : it's cool but i get stuck on some of the tracks but it's a good game
abishek s : i love this game but you can make trail extereme car
michaeltheshark : its a great game with good graphics!
a google user : it is good but u can get more dirt bikes in the game
joel morgan : freezes on start up, and thats it....
alex cee : very good game im giving it a 5 stars beacuse i just love crashing
akshay dev : good. but graphics was very weak
ananthramrao mdkrishnarao : i have a nice weekend too wish you to the same i you are interested and would love to hear that you have a great site for details on the other hand the birthday my dear sister please find my cv for you happy birthday party on saturday so we can be used in this email has changed to low ball offer you the best way for me as a team player and happy new year freeport ny garden and hi to o you are interested and would love to hear that you have a great site you consent form and adjust your settings
a google user : it has too much ads
a google user : the game is nice. i love the game. but it is hard i even play the game in the toilet
shark life : well i love this game and i have had it 8 weeks and there is a lot of cool things
angie rodz : i put this because i got 3 stars on all levels. so i rate 5.
jazelynn brownweasel : trlal xtreme 5 i think that the best place for me would 7days
lisa : incredible bikes and tricks good for all ages and no blood
dayton walker : i love it if u are looking for a game that u race offline and online then this is the one
brandon colledge : really fun game to play. it's really addictive
shatrunjay chaubey : when i was playing in my apple iphone 12 pro max the game crashes when i play at nearly level 14 or 15
rubi abrego : level 2 and went against a full on try hard im uninstaling the app
pokemon fan : its ok but size is very big thats why its not up to the mark
haydos : its the only good morotbike game it has some ads
king gaming : this game is super cool....n graphics are also good
meraj ahmadi : ir so good game but if the game mission is ofline that is this game is mor good....
sean carey : got notified that this game used a developer to misuse personal information. loved this game, but not that much. sad yall gotta do that. i hate this world.
arbin rai : to much ads. i hated this game
a google user : good,, fix more graphic bugs,
kieran brown : i like it becouse i like to race people i cant say its the best or its good .i would say its ok
a google user : need to be easy to get coins
furious z gamer : awesome game but i wish u could get more bikes
a google user : nice game,wish that it will have multiplayer mode soon.
dan weaver : awesome game although slightly expensive in app purchases.
wild card : solid, wish i could do audio engineering for this dev team. get at me guys. wildcard262.
ayesha shaikh : in lockdown l can't drive bike soo that why l am play game racing bike this my friend from morning to night he is with me. soo l hope a friendship wil go for 50 -80 year
chey thomaston : its is bad controls suck graphics bad gameplay horrabeil
patrick richter ramirez : i would say an awesome game me and my son are enjoying it.
sarah thurgar : it had a lack of graphics
follow guru! : very very good animation but this game is over mb
joy to the world : very wastegame because touch not work anything not working
nikhil srivastava : excellent stages and graphics also
alfie turton : good game but not enough offline missions
nikkiraj udeniya : she is better but you difficult not easy going
mr kelley : good game but keeps giving me inapropre it ads
layton 6272 : the game is greater than any other you should get it it's totally free i rate it a:5 star game
gorilla gaming : game is good but lots of ad
sabbir hossain : not good for offline..always produce fake money apps
al-amin jidne : vry awful game. the graphics are nt like pubg there r nt gums like pubg there r no cars nd house like pubg the ge is nt made by pubg tencent why the game is nt pubg vryy bad game
ikedi pascal : i love it but it burns data with ads
shadow redemption : i love this game, i loved the original and im happy i can still play it
dj 1 gaming : the game is good but bikes are old fashioned so plse recover
faizal faizy : this is a good game please try another game for this model trailer stream 5
lek mek : they should make the races free. its not a simulator
tjlol lol : good but needs to have more levels
d r : i really like this game, bit the latest update is broken...
debi beets : such a good game i have not played a game this good in years i love it 5 stars if i could 5mil
joe nigro : good graphics fun not easy
warren peacock : greatest trials game on the market, bar none!
adel nel : i loved number one and two its the graghics thats a litlle bad but its a very fun game
lava boiz : it's a really cool games you should try it yourself
muhammad sajeed : i give 3 stars because levels are so hard why
subhadra thakur101 : on 1st is freefire and 2nd is trail extrem4 this game
retro legends : it's a nice game but can be reached next level
a google user : i just upgraded and all my progress has been wiped clean. do i really have to start all over again?????
asad nawab : best game ever with easy controls
vishnu nani : waste game in this level 7 is most problem so don't install this game data waste time waste
a google user : it's online games only very few levels are offline
sanan sufian : i dobt lije it cause it has to go throw tour info this not good for kids cayse probly dont know wgat it means so this a obe star
pbx181 bass bosted gill : very nice games good bike good racing /stunt
wildcraft gaming : good graphics and really fun
mickdj21 : it is really fun! me and my sis love this game!!!!! its really good by the way
suleman ahmed : it's awesome to play in such graphics
shree patil : most disgusting game ever lost of time useless making gaming company we didn't win 1 time also hilarious pathetic
bro stunts gg : i love this app can u get more levels or vechiles plz it would be nice thanks
sayeed mahmood : good game. but recent update made it difficult to play like earlier
aleksandar jordevski : another great racing from trial extreme.
kashif mateen : didn't play rating simply but i love xtreme game more 1 ,2 ,3,4 all game are best not only good best
vag devi : game is very awsome,install the game and enjoy.... best luck.
biswabhusan das : it's very tough game for the beginners
nizamuddin shaikh : best game for time pass grafics is awesome
myth of minds : worst game trouble shooting error while downloading
dakota theprotogen : don't use the facebook rating or rewards. this app will misuse your information like email and passwords!!!
a google user : i love trail xtreme 4 i played every single day
douglas briggs : technical and challenging.
gopagani satish : very great game. we can kill time playing this game.
dani devito : it is really fun it is kind of challenging .
short videos : grate game son lives it always trying to side swipe my phone i even play it myself great game
rahul hossain : good. but offline errors issue
vikram ingole : its a great game but graphics too bad so the game sux
handy dave : this is an excellent game it is very good i like to race and so it's good for me
a google user : this is the world's best extreme game .this games inventor is super and fantastic
franken subie : 90% of the game is hacked making it alkost impossible to make money and igc is way overpriced
charles norfleet : great graphics and viod time killer
ravi borkar : this game is nice but this game have many ads and i think i instal this game i like this game and who make and who make i like the but please make anather and anather games try anather game two make ok bye and make the nice bye siya
thetruesleepyhead : if you like dert bikes you better in stall this game it is the best dert bike game ive ever played
sunita singh : best game .other games are very far from this game.even pubg can't compete with it
mujtaba khan : it has bad graphics.
rakesh gupta : worst game too much ads
lich king : offline mode need to improve
jarrid papay : closest to the ps version feel wise no other version is quite as real feel
joanne kerry : thanks you for your helps high to see the only way
sean regan : highly addictive and extremely enjoyable
prakadheswar .n : very bad game all ads
isaiah richards : rick really cool and awesome it's legit epic very very very very very funny.
victor bakora : great game play doesn't get boring with time
ed heller : great graphics smooth gameplay
kmn produx : issue solved, thanks! i can play again!
a google user : i like the game but..... its online so kindly make it offline pls
tharteek nallamothu : very good game and grafix is very nice
henry otten : its a wasome game not ti hard i dont m ow im not the best if things get tricky you just keep going jt js awsome i diffently recommend this game
kailash dhaker : wrost game lot of ad not the installed
gage empson : game sucks takes forever to get on i have been trying to get on for a hour
raj : need improvement in graphics
shaikh shaizan : good but adss are come maximum in online mode
allegra loxeus : it's okay i love it to but just needs some more help and work
sleezy_death 2k : this game is cool it's a really good racing game the best i have played 10/10
faiyaz khan : trial x 4 is the game of fun,challenging,action
fasteddie racing : this game is trash, u have to pay to get levels
dan o'r : ads, ads, oh and wait for it................ads!
a google user : add more tricks into it add more tricks and do it
a google user : i love this game so much this is very amazing game i like its graphics very nice game
dustin cherry : great pass time, decent physics!
scott allen : love your game but i can't upgrade my bike after the star
bubby burks : it is fun but it is also hard at times
jumper gang : love it keep the hard work up so fun
mohammed shahabuddin : worst games ever bcz after starting its cannot run forward
rhys 1234 2.0 : game sucks will not connect to servers p.s i liked the races though
paras patel : this game is good but levels are difficult
a google user : a lot of ads
geordy carson : the game pauses itself. uninstalled.
poonam garg : good but lots of ads
a google user : not good graphics is so low
raju mehto : this is not very good game becuse in which level is not inkriging in app that why i dont like it now
stephen luna : have to pay race with gold and you only get 3 tries per 500 or 5000. dont recommend
a google user : it is a very good game and all kinds of stuff and bikes and good trils
munaza faisssl : very good too much storage space
a google user : very very excellent graphics
earnest raju : the game is free to play but why they want my phone and media information@ don't play like this games, be safe
suvam karn : actually i want to know why this game needs permission for access my photos mediaa
ragnar ywh. : i was playing everyday before that stupid update, now it's just bad bad bad. is there a way to restore?
chee yong : 5 lives only? plus you have to subscribe so much to get unlimited lives?
taknikal works : wow nice app online and offline mode are available in this game
dan coleman : pretty good. still fun without paying to play.
2g gamers official : waste game number one game see level 7 no one can do level 7number waste game who created this game shape on his head
sportsman _source : great game to many ads
benneth ononiwu : this game is a good game because it has a sample education
rohit sharma : very nice game for teen agers you must install this ausm game for you becuase this game is made for only you without thinking anything just install this game becuase after installing this ge you willenjoy a lot
a google user : it's very nice for students and everyone in free time
lanlande a : this is the best game ever this is what i was looking for when i put motorcycle games this is the best.
a google user : hard to get coins to upgrade not gonna use my credit card for game junk
masontylerwyatt ellis : the ragdoll is great, but you need to make it better
o mais pika : this game is awesome, but you need to pay for everything
connor nash : had this game for years, keep coming back its awesome
mustafa sarfaraz : ads everywhere and still you need coins to unlock
jake fien : i like it because it has nice affects and is realistic
yasin arafat fahim : this game is very very harmful now i download this game but i i know this games videos is very interesting game
nwn 200 : this game is a joke to progress you have to spend actual mone that means this game is a waist of time
rajat grover : uninstalled because of annoying ads
ruby kemp : it was so much fun and entertaining i loved it
jay cox : awsome game i think the grafics are great defenetly recomend the game
ethan vandenberg : courses are very badly made and it's the pacific ocean of adds
chagan shinde : its game is realy fentastick by any other bike recing games ..i realy loved it
lee hunter : very good game bc i'm an ex trails motorbike rider
patrick quinn : could not exit the app. had to turn off my phone
thato mangoetse : awesome graphics nd interesting game play
md rakib : this game is online. have many bug.
vineet soliwal : great game. its an old game but still better than the much newer games
rohan mourya : begger adds too much of ads
zach scott : pretty awesome game, excellent time killer worth the download
shawn hammond : always been a good game, always a go to when bored
kacey venardos : the reason i didn't rate you is because i was having to much fun it is the best game buy far
lenny bazell : its epic but to many ads
kim_ kanz : time waste game soo many ads
alvin john momek : it is really good game it teachs me how to drive a motor
abdelhamid mekarcha : great game but it's hard to get money
craig alcock : excellent fun adictive cheap game must play if youlike ttrials
marc hopkins : excellent game and easily playable
himanshu madan : very challenging and i love it !
tommy sutton : fun and you can play with more people
fatime barxhani : this game is very beautiful but is better if you guys upgrade this game
adam escamilla : it won't load it froze at the start
trent seitters : bro this game like broke my phone and it wouldn't turn on in 5 minuts so that's why i gave a 1 star review
gumede ayanda : i like this game and they give us some of a lesson or what ever u do make it fast so that u can win
lucky anush : simple graphics not good
hadi numaan : worst game i have ever played so many adds fake racing
joseph white : this game is the best it is challenging and fun
a google user : nicely designed for the best part of the game and the best moment
kimtani harsiddh roll number-21 std-7thb : nice i like stunts very much and mich with bike stunts thx.
mateo correa : too many ads ingame
steven hovsepian : it was bull$h*t, the game is so hard that u cant even compete in it
tobias hedberg : after update it sucks.. alot of glitches..
death gaming dgm : i like but please the bad graphics is not good
saeed saeed : full of ads
khaled sweid : need internet cant be played offline(only 8 levels are offline)
srikanth kumar : best graphics and bike movemnts
rosliza dagang : stupid game so many ads.
salah ait izem : uninstalled, too much ads.
chad schisler : super fun game!! i can't stop playing.
lee maranta : sucks, i stuck in level 16. its so hard
raghu katti : some of the levels , sucks so 3 stars
m dp : loads of fun, super challenging
naman bhandari : too much ads...
anthony lovin : awesome game. wish parts wernt so much
snicklefrits pickle : would be great if i could install it lol i've tried twice...
a google user : this game is absolutely brilliant but it is very hard to play
lillymay williams : takes so long to download but from other that it's gooooooood
sweta singh : love to play, this game is nice time killer and addictive
piyush mathur : not working for me device one plus 7t. not sure why
couldysunx : it is so awsome and good if your gonna ride in reel life or for me
v vlogs travel ,eat &meet people : nice graphics great game!!
eg esports : this game is so nice and graphics are to good
archana yadav : excellent game only controls are week
priyesh h. : it's very full of bugs ..
a google user : it's one of the best motobike games i've personally played on mobile
xhatemajinns * : it's laggy and it has bad graphics
a google user : good game with great graphics
yohanis solomon : best graphics it's the best version.
prajith : worst game ever made i made the worst mistake in my entire life of downloading this game
dantz : u cant make money its so stupid win every race but i never get the money its working now i get the money now its all good
maheshwaran gnanasambantham : i made a payment of inr 86 for 35,000 coins. it was debeted from my account but it did not reflect in the game. what are you guys gonna about this?
suman raj : nice game very good graphics you also download the game and play
burak mete erdogan : very high money system. you can't play
xp : i love this game 10/10 recommend to others looking for an off-road motorbike game
bilton hooper : this is a fun and entertaining game which i think a lot of people would like
battlecab : this game is trash the controls are terable
abid bhat : very nice game its really enjoyable as compared to other games...
muskan khattar : amazing game an very good graphics
david mutchock : this game gets not fun anymore frustrating quickly
miroslav tomov : very nice game graphically greatest moto cross
jayanth 333 : super mast fantastic and briliant game iwill play one time this game i will understood this super game us as groove
pradeep k : nice graphics elders can play
millie rawlinson : the same way as to what you are looking to buy the cheapest price of this
a google user : would not work at all after completing first race. highly disappointed
langelihle philasande : yoh dis game is very nice coz i saw my friend playing it so now i download it i can't believe that now i get to play it on my phone and i am really proud
e s : do not download, tons and tons of ads this game sucks
nicki : this game is cap foolish a lot of ads
qasim khan : this is the best game for motorcycle stunts ever i played many games but this is the best game ever
xmega hackerz : this game is so cool me and my friend enjoyed it great time killer
a google user : the game was quite interesting and addictive to play.nice one
a google user : you looking for fun so this is perfect
aj rooney : game crashes every five minutes
tia bell : terrible game terrible graphics and lvl 10 just sucks this game is the worst
bronson judd-cooper : i've had this game for a long time and it's really fun so i would recommend it
zild : what happened why cant i buy a new look for my tires anymore now it is just upgrade
telugu wolf gaming : super game because of the bikes and tracks
shes a belter : why the hell am recieving notifictions from facebook saying this app was missusing my information!!!
aj robertson : this is the best game ive ever played you did a great job on making this game hope you have a successful life and may god bless you all
rachit dwivedi : everything is very costly and couldn't buy it
alirocks gohari : useless game and hard to play i have never played such a useless game like this game..
jeevan ganesh : worst game more ads
chris gaming : this game's is the best i like how you can you change the game.
valeen strickland : i love motocross and i love this game is pretty cool
mad monk : impressive game play instant gratification or frustration depends on the day you're having
harvey kitchen : won't let me customize my character just says random watch ads
kyle gregory : good game but a little bit money grab
manohar pawar : wonderful this gives wonderful every time we play this game but this game is world famous game i don't mind this game was superb please play this game and read this game 5 stars game is a really bike stunt game
sahil swami : good graphics and awesome game
samantha stevens : i really like the idea of the game but who ever made the game up it's really good
deepak sinha : too much ads
gaurav : not.a good game voice is very bad disturb all the members
brians shocked : awsome game, challenging. , super fun
a google user : i hadent play but take out the ad or i uninstalled
ozzy lagace : i love i love how you can drive in reverse people who you want to and it's just fun
papai roy : little too much advertisement
nurul islam : there is only one space for offline mode.
julie richardson : me and my uncle love it! it is soooooo cooo cause you get to ride a bike and you get to upgrade your bike!!!!!! :-)
blood_upon_the_rose : terrible game, want you to pay 17.99 a month for unlocks ...absolute joke ! this is why these games need regulations .
rinku gugadiya : awesome graphics in this game it is really superb game
jason beyers : cool game ok graphics overall nice game
dmc dmc : thing is that it's too much addictive ...that i almost loved it.....and that's not good
alfie banks : i really love this game what a brilliant creation!
shivesh tamrakar : fabulous game and awesome adventure levels are spechless
wasif chowdhury : too many annoying adds
dixie hunt : its realy fun and its a littel bit of a chalenge
domen brown : just give us all the levels in offline mode
jordan bennett : very easy to learn
tequan rollock : very great thanks very much for creating this game.
daniel diaz : it's cool and you can ragdoll very fun
christian ruiz : this game sucks my guy cant follow my instructions right and your levels are to hard
a google user : i love this game bcz i like competetion and challenge in this game
anmol sidhu : this game is very sexy i love it but there. is small problems
ritesh sahu : good grafic and controlling
twice2x : i like the graphics and the game its awsome
bob john : love it very fun and in growing game
saed abdellah : too much ads!!!!
rekha verma : very f**in app not downloading........ n it shows me to 100 %......
ashwani kumar : this game is awesome its stunt omg amazing game plz download it and try it this op game and graphics good
alex scott : i love this game because that it is a motor bike game and i love motor bikes
allislost intime : good game easy controls
kacper sieczko : fun game. cool physics. recommend
manuel alvidrez : its a fun game to play when you are bored
dawgs atl : omg love this game...this game rocks good joe an keep up the good work..
ivan embleton : so fun to play the graphics are grait
aden fulbright : fun to play but wish i had a real dirt bike
arunav nandakishor : because of 2-stars when i ride every time i will crash
mohit verma : so many advertisement
aaron butt : poor controls, unfair matches, restricted play
jennie hipps : this game is so fun to play when you are bored and you can play on facebook on it and that means you can play with your friends on this game
nilesh kulkarni : very nice graphics
sophie jarvis : awesome!!!! i definitely would recommend this game too anyone!!!
muhammad ali : freakin greedy ppl ruined this game with ads and microtransactions.
alejandro : i rate 1 star this game is sohard.harder than any game i ever played.this game makes me rage really bad.this game makes me so mad.
carlos coe : this game is trash i,m so sorry to say this but it, s true please change it
ronny fernandez : this app is awesome for playing . gives thrilling expiriences
ann dugan : i hate this!!!! i cant win anything and its starting to make me think i suck at life i cant do anything write!!!!!
taseem hussain : hot game with difficult levels best game i have ever played
noah parnaby : rubbish just a scam version of trial xtreme 3 by sports
dv8ed gizzmo : super realistic, awesome game...
chandan poojari : full of ads
anuj rana : superb game nice graphic and very addictive
nick snyder : game tried to steal my gmail. this game has something illegal about it for sure. they even tried to have my first 1 stars removed
ratul das : superb graphics nice gaming best bike racing game
lee kirschman : can't close ads
pokar kalpana : it is very slow to download
bhim kumar : late download and install it and also it is copycat
erion cuka : adictive and perfect controls real xtreme
a google user : great best game ever play and win make sure to put a good feed
richard stone : love it, so addictive. just download it, you know you want to
jethro shell : great game with some nice physics.
paul horrocks : little hard but great game
abhishek goyal : this is very nice game. i and my brother aayu is also play this game i am aditi and my brother aayu
bhavesh jain : if there was negative star option i chose it why this game is accessing our photos media audios and all
dhiraj avatade : superb game but graphics not good
heena sewing machine co. : tha game is so mostly and funy full enjoy me kids palying so enjoyning . . . . . . .
nikhil jain : interesting game and very challenging one
direct 2 rghv : awesome game graphics are good
pak gamer : nice graphics and great game
greg shaw : easy to use. and addictive..
diane gordan : good luck with the dirtbick and the conchrols are so good
youngbanger : coolest bike game ever played in my life, so realistic
om gupta : it is very good but not level more
c armentrout : fun, but only works online
ravneet sarpal : nice game but adds are really terrible things
technical sky akash samaur : good graphic and game play
elizabeth ramirez : great game love it also good graphics
gaurav soni : well.... i am describing the game.. without play it... i thing so that it was a good experience...
gurvyom s : tooo much ads.
galaxy thunder : ok graphics and nice control
morgan buckland : really funny and creative
dean pro : its fun to play and has nice bikes
akinboyewa john : please improve game loading time..
dawood wilson : it's is superb game and the bike superb and high stunt great
kaleb bogart : it so much fun! yall should get it i play it every day
daryl layton : "race this course for 800 gold." how about no. games are supposed to be fun. uninstalled.
neville wiseman : awesome game to play don't forget to wash your hands
amaan shaikh : this is a very good game.this game have been my favorite game since last 7 years.
ad rock : lots of fun. great gameplay.
anime nerd : it looks awesome you should check it out bro.
bharat lal meena : not good all level base on rupee
princessglamor barrie : the graphics are nice i had fun playing this game
seymour sales : only way to make money is to race online which cost money if you run out of it you can no longer race to get money
dmytro derkach : cannot connect to facebook anymore
dr. sudha gupta : i love this game and the graphics is best
mc ramamoorthy : it is a nice game because of nice graphics
mark meister : amount of ads in this game is pathetic
arpan uppal : very much do not download it waste of time
a google user : it is amazing but all the adds
ibrahim ali : this game is sick of bikes it has so many fast bikes in sell
priyanka yamini : it an wonderful games in this games more coin we need
jojo g : awesome, i got hooked into this game immediately.
rian austin : very fun and challenging
shabana malik : it is difficult but interesting
johncarlocontreras pilo : awesome moto cross dope grafics habit forming game
mr_maheshchandra medi : it is a good game but we are dowlonding on time the game will be not dowlond
tedsworld : it's good but level seven is not fair and hard
arslan mumtaz : very nice game with real physics
sekh zuber : very bad experience please of you to try you can try it but you cannot enjoy
murtaza hussain : this game did not deserve a single star i don't like this game this contents full of advertisement
robert hayes : was a really good game and the new update has ruined it.
joseph anthony de leon : a bit hard but wonderful game.
a google user : it's a rlly good game no dirt bike game could beat it
zildjian deato : easy good graphics
kanubhai nayi : this needs internet access in all game which i hate the most
steven thomas : just fun and would be better with no adds
latoya murphy : i love this game it is so cool and i only downloaded it because i love dirtbikes .
ramadhani abbu : i think you should improve the graphics
donielle wright : best game ever it gives out fun when you are bored!fgteev is a youtube channel check it out okay!!!!oof on roblox welcome to bloxburg i am being bullied right now okay..
vikash majhi : some moments level are deficalt... but we can do that......
sm taufiq : waste of money and time.trash game
tejas sonale : not a offline just 6 level's are offline next level is online
a google user : i beat all the levels its easy
calmmonster : it's fun but to be the best you gotta pay.
fernando lemus : it's impossible this game speeds up the ai's on this game even if they have the same motorcycles
senthil raja : wow what a game but more internet wanted to download that only problem
unlimited fun : game ki maa ka bhosda maa ki chut , this game was i install ,i waste my 326mb , but game don't install , showing install again
lokey smell like doodo lopez : its just a really fun game to play when you have nothing to do
zero the hero : i achieve full erection before play game. now boner dead no more erection! what can do i?
john turner : fun game great graphics
vishu goyal : very nice game all bike are very fast
funnxh w : good game easy controls
charlie merriman : this game is so good like the second best game but war robots is the best game but this game is so good
a google user : the graphics of this game is fabulous
yousuf hashmi : the most f*** game....its so bad...and its levels are impossible....f********
a google user : shot wouldn't get out of first stage so uninstalled
sadanand bared : wow som to the next few weeks back and i will send it to the following url adobe send it back to me so long to you soon love to see the attached document is attached as well but it is not the same day was ok to go with the new lesson plans and ideas to you and the rest of your life you want me too i to come in and see you tomorrow at noon we have your phone y my resume for the delay in responding so late but i have to be a part time job to do the needful and confirm me that i am not able and on
rayyan nadeem : soo glitchy the opponent can fly above water so bad game
akash varman : its nice to play and fun to vs people
prashant admane : funtastic game the game is most uniquea game
tanish khedia : when we are playingbwith the computer it's only a f***ing game it is my hair
mojammalhaque tarek : very good graphics
chomy_ pumpsu : this game the last level is impossible this stupid game is a scam dont download it
prashil gnko : this game is so good please give a try on a bike riding experience
a google user : awesome game graphics are dam good
tanmay : waste of time very bad game
a google user : great game love the graphics
john jeijei : email you to opt out of data suckfest? go to heck, deemya, uninstalled instantly. you ought to be sued via noncompliance to gdpr.
cooking nilanthi : what a.. super game.. i like this so much this is wery funny
rafael antonio : excellent customer service and repays to your questions swiftly
mac : i loved it like it was the best game forever........ ........ and forever.... .......
swapnil boga : searching for good game for long time... it's one of them
himswar records : this game is very nice i am thankful for this game owner...... thanku thanku............
meghan : awesome game but needs better quality
: : superb except the adds.
abhishek raj : best game my frnds told me but i neverr play... today i have time so i want to try this game ye game he game karta hai smjhe
jadagam ramesh : difficult to complete ....good play
nividha gupta : good graphics aosome game
nickolas pruss : game stole my money and didnt give me anything in return. its been three days and ive received nothing from them
joshua palser : rubbish supid and boring. profere hill climb and hill climb 2 to this game iven know there similar and diffrent in diffrent ways. in you download this game your supid and an idiot.
kitty g : love the game, having issue installing on my tablet, thanks
zinnah ali : the game is too awesome and the girl that have seen is too hot and sexy
melissa beverley : very fun to play this game. not laggy
rk editz : this game consume more and much data and lagging.
shoyeb rahman : very bad control.... waste of data
what_happend : i like the it's amazing and i have have it scence i was 4 so i love it
jaoyad sadman arnob : pay to win.everytime need coins to race.
a google user : verry good ther could be better costubs but yer verry good
shah alam : it is a very xtreme game.it is a also a nice game.
denise bookhardt : this game is pretty awesome enjoyed it i never seen a game 'this awesome
nick souza : it is fun but laggy but fun
joshua moore : very fun and challenging
a google user : great game little buggy but not bad
king dexter yt : make ur computers slow down and they never die fix ittt
sahkaram awkale : not fun mood off not counting differ game
hemang dave : this is not a free game than i cant install this if this is chargable than developer can show on the top but he want to make fool all people.
brandon simmons : fun and challenging!
adam juggins : me and my little one both enjoy playing it.
shermine89 : new update control sucks no longer fun
charge coyote : i have zero problems with this game and its very enjoyable
caesar tavoletti : its awesome best trail xstreme
kevin ellwood : good game, not had to pay to play yet.
santhosh kumar : i love this game because graphic so awesome
trace shotbothsides : laggy asf sometimes but fun when it works
josh mischel : love it hard but fun
rusty hugel : pretty fun game. good timr killer especially when stoned...
mary jane genetics : fun challenging and pretty cool
dilpreet singh sidhu : it is a very wonderful game for me se may please yr request please download
hardik shah : it's good but not as awesome as tx3...
shadman noor : 100/100 super graphics
john victor paul : you're playing such long adds just to make users uninstall this game!!
maddison doutch : i'd all ways want to play it and there is one hot girl on the game that i love
aathi mech : this is best game and this game is my favourite game and this game's photo is best designing , this game is best motorcycle game.
joshua rivera : great game to play when ur on the road
ryan taylor : i love this game because i love dirt bikes and it's just so good
sue hutchings : it sucks you can't make it through level 6
arsi kucana : it keeps loading for ever
win naing : awesome game, i love this game too much...
a google user : really fun but i don't know if you are interested
dante grealy : this video game is the best mother bike experience i have ever seen
[insert funny name here] : it sucks it is unfair and it just is way to hard and make me rage so much i broke my flipping tablet
a google user : great game is hard but addictive
joycette rodriguez : cool i love the graphics and the racing to
a person : you can't even participate in the game without paying all of your coins.
shivam upadhyay : this is a very fantastic game thank you for making it
ryan frawley : really fun, super accurate lol
mrimmoyee islam tropa : this game his beautiful i try this game but its reg alas ion i bad
t spencer : it it awesome i can't stop playing it
anshuman rajput {racer} : very great game its a very good game for lockdown
a google user : just nice you must add more biker cloths free
divyanshu pokhriyal : wonderful game but open very late
shivani kaushal : nice! amazing! great! so interesting! like it !
x102rehan ansari : worst game ever made i am giving one star because i cant give half or no star that's why
a google user : i dont know why i play rhis game be ause its gay of you want people to enjoy it and not brake their phones make it easier
navneet diwakar : addictive and easy
robby piggy : very good with the gameplay.
joey roush : good game and graphics
dominik : worst game ever made, i hope all of the devs lose their job
myles lind : horrible controls, horrible game
assamese boy : not a entertaining game. so much boring..
florence tshalatsi : i love this game because it is my life my friend deleted this game because he was jealous and all i'm saying to you is please please please please download this game for me fast please guys please please at the end of tomorrow maybe please yes please maybe yes by the end of today please man this game i love this game i love this game i love it so keep doing keep doing your business keep doing your business keep developing games keep doing everything keep keep doing all your power to have ga i lo
abin rai : very very nice game it is famous than free fire and pubg. thanks for making this game
shahin safaroff : very bad graphics
a google user : it's a amazing game for children
unexplosive muslim : liked the control good work trial xtreme
xtailish gamer yt : love this game's graphics and other
kundurthy tejesh : it's a very good idea i liked the game very much thank you
grandmaster scorpion : its still the same as i left off, but can do with a bit of getting used to
peyman rajabi : very bad game and quality have poor
knut hye slatta : interrupts gameplay with commercials....
a google user : well it has some good tracks
roland pang : this is the best game ever thats why i need to rate 5 stars
a google user : good game and also challenging
enkhee dashdorj : ffghtj5rby rftt ft fy from f features r the f from t is 1st to the t8 of a series of different types and types of information on the market for the first time in a lifetime to be a part of the market and its likely to be a better investment than a few hundred pounds per cent in the uk for a few months and more likely that y tik yg try 4 the market for the best in the market and the recession is far less likely to be a better investment than most likely in the uk market recession in the market fo
a google user : this game has the best graphics i loved it so much
john miller : it's a fun game to play when you're bored
s valli : worst game , useless , time wasting
gopichand waghmare : hello, please try to make the stunts easy please.
ranbir singh : very bad and poor quality game
anand joshi : personally i love this game i just can't stop playing
mind realx music by ravichandaran : more ad but good game
joziah king : i used to play it all day on. my tablet and. it's. just. fun i'm a. kid i'm a boy
zachary gilliam : its fun to drive the bikes
realist : so good for little people who love bikes
bill g : hacks and hacks everywhere. good job on keeping this game up to date and giving everyone the freedom of of flying from one end to the next. dont ask me to report anything, just play the game yourselves and check all the 1st ranking nob jockeys you have. maybe if you the developers play it you might get an idea of what half the people on here mean. 1*
a google user : awesome game awesome ragdolls awesome challengers nice job!
gemme mclaughlin : i think this game might be riged to get you to buy coins
dalton brown : this game is awsome good graphics
rahul raktate : so nice game so nice graphics
hunter johnson : the game is fun as for kides its cool good gob
joshim ahmed : dear trial xtreme 4 this game is a pleasure to myself i like it but guess what i am a completer nutter noob at this i t is not ok or nothing duh duh duuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuhh
a google user : very nice graphics
sulthan ibrahim : it's better game amazing graphics good
shah rukh khan : i think it's very gd and nice game all side i like this game.most so i like it
ajju bhai : the game is very hard but i like the game.
andy febrico bintoro : there is no energy here but the concept was betting money on pvp. it's not a casual game by this way
jayden elpedes : dont download this not good game wasting of time dont ever download this afk game you can never ever win with this f game......!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
muhaini musa : this game is so good and this game is like a racing and i don't know but this game is good
the king : i used to play this in my ios and i've loved it!
a google user : i love this game but it takes so much storage
keelan frey : its actually a really solid game
abdulsubhannn : *warning*dear reader do not download this application there are hackers that are hacking in to people acount*warning*jk
excavatorplays 670 : wow... just wow, i can't say any words for this app, just wow !!!
elei k : it is a nice game but not worth 324 mbs.
fresno zoobafoon : need to give out more coins !!!!!
debbie gordon : this game is so good i really want to hug this phone.
it's ak : i wood give the pis game 4 stars because it is a fun game'
surendra sharma : nice game and graphics
tarsem sidhu : this is very good but need new expensive update
royal gamer : nice game nice graphics
marcus thompson : need better graphics
a google user : very brillant game blessigs to the creator i am 78 years old
a google user : i have pubg mobile than i think it is good game
sam h : why do you need access to storage to play game?
craig malayko : its good and amazing and releaving my stress to
umer dk : its a trail extreme bike game i love it
zaya pease : i have played in the past and when i saw it on the playstore o had to get this game
eli doorley : really cool fun and it is one of the finest games i've played
angela caley : it's really hard work but it will take time and you
anas shaikh : of you want to watch ads than download this game
john forner : need better controls
f.m ashraful kabir : good. love it but need internet connection.
steven brunson : great game, but it never loads, sucks
wayne atwood : i like how it's challenging me n my cousin was laughing cuz we would lose
vampire night : please make more bike and offline
neelang tiwarkar : nice game i like it but i want 1 part of trail xtream
respect and soccer skills : it is good but you make it wide mb
ryan cornish : just way to many adds great game though
jabo four20 : pretty well done on all aspects! when's the sequal coming???!!!
gyan frank : very interested in your game is over and i will get back again thanks
a : really great game of duke bikes
miguel prieto : could use better motorcycles though
luke pringle : great game to many adds
puspa basnet : make its graphic ultra i dont like this game
elzie harvey : really fun when i finally got into the game.
a google user : nice game crazy stunts fabulous performance loved it
carl adams : the best of this sort of game, well made, i am impressed
rusty 10 : please make level 7 easier
luann robinson : i love this game commet bellow why who ever gits it right will git $500 in cash leave 500 likes and i will do more i garentee
rebecca fountain : it has bad graphics
sathasivam sathasivam : this game is very super and fast racing
mehak manny05 : amazing game and cutie pie and cutie with the following
johnh doe : good game little glitches
mani kandan : awesome game but release all stages in that game
abdullah al jisan : wrost game that's is not work in my phone.wrost
marcos serna : it sucks because i'm doing everything right but i keep dieing.
fire gamer : i love the game kept the good work
priyanshu negi : it was very good game but it mb is too large
rabeya akhter : this get is very nice. i'm totally satisfied with this
thomas shaver : complete garbage. you're so incompetent it's amazing.
ps4 gaming : game is brilliant love sitting there playing this game
ralph hardaker : this was an awesome game until i had to log in through facebook :()
aaron koerner : easy and fun
, : this game is very bad garfic total waste to data
a google user : trash enough to describe the game
jodi wood : to long to download but great game
a google user : this is so fun and addictive game i rate 5 stars
prabakaran charan : what a wonderful game i never see this game thank you so much for made this game
keanu reeves : i love it and it's looks so stressed
vishesh ruparel : what a game man.this game is too too too hard.
ian edwards : app was ok but you will only move on if you spend money complete con
a google user : it is very bad game ever.it only wants money. abe bikhari ka aulaad hai kya bee.i wants to spit on your face.
unknown : the deforestation and subscribe for a while back and subscribe to the deforestation to the deforestation and subscribe to the reerr and so much to do the british museum and subscribe for a few days to send you the deforestation to send you the deforestation and so much to do it for a net worth individuals who are interested please let us have your own home to the deforestation in a t end of next week and subscribe i have the reerr to send you the deforestation and i am not sure how to make sure to send you the british colonial policy and subscribe for more information on the deforestation to send rtt to send kar met een grote rol in de buurt van station van antwerpen en omgeving nederland bouw van de buurt van station van antwerpen en omgeving nederland bouw en omgeving vind
jason brewster : this is the best i ever had playing a bike thanks for this app
shantadevi parande : awesome game should download. it's a very good game
bidyut bikash bora : it s a very nice game when we seat along we can play this game
joseph wilson : games trash nothing works properly
zieyla adzieyla : after download this game, my company fire me, cause this game is very fun. hahahahahahahaha
n.muneer ahmed : game is really enjoyable !!!! i m playing this daily !!!!!
steve cannon : great game very challenging.
troy jacobs : one of the best motorcycle phone games i've played!
a google user : its fun im adicted to it its the only game i like to play
abhinav anand : it have so make ad.it show false player......
gt motivation : this game is awesome but girls are looking good
dara crittenden : this game is the best game just just wow i'm speechless i just love this game so much
a google user : challenging and fun
tea winters : if you love dirtbikes .... then you will definitely love this game.
kurtis g : i hated it, still playing trial extreme 3
error gaming : brilliant awesome game organised
conner mcquillen : this game is so hard i rage quite often with this game because it is dum
kerri coulter : it's definitely a good game and the ragdolls are great
liz holmes : its awsome and so easy or i'm racing noobs
suvarna madiraju : very very waste please dont download and waste your gb
sainath kausale : worst game there are 5 offline levels
leonel gonzalez : addicting,what an awesome game
michael pritchard : could be good with a little more work
joy peter sandesh pentapati : super game i never this type of games first time i play it is super
jacob stevens : awesome and no bugs
senthil sk : i like ride so much i like this game so much this game is give 4 stars
shiva tv : it has less graphics
054 kanhu marndi : good graphics game
hemal ranpara : graphics is good
stream team collom : absolutely rubbish do not download full of adds and crashes poooooooo
criminal___ : it's not working properly
kerry anne newbery : great game to play with friends
harinder kaur : this game is really interesting, i came to know about it from my father please download it now
davicito com : dont like the upgrade to force u to competition agains other
thisanka weeraddana : it's addictive and so much fun
cj mcgrath : love it think it is good dirt bike game
courtney morrison : all right anoying at times
a google user : this game graphics is cool
yishak zelalem : this game is very awsome. try it you would like it very much
justin davis : fun game love it hate how people say that they play with bots but they literally have a username
a google user : very stupid and the game is not a good idea to have
arun legend : this is my favourite game am complete this game 5 time every month i download this game
daniel slade : its a decent game but the controls suck ass
daniel l : i give it a ok because when i was on a jump i cudun't jump
conor mcelvaney : it is wonderful to play well i am stressed
a google user : i love it thanks who ever made this game tryna upgrade my bike right know bye
sanobar khan : #1 racing game what a graphich but not win with pubg only winner winner chicken dinner jai pubg and call of duty
tiffanny fehr : i like that this game has levels and dirt bikes
xander cera : ok has been in operation since last month but it does look pretty much better for me
king__________maker * : so boring game. i don't why this type of game is in 300mb.it only for 300kb
sherlock kriel : great game.realy challenging.
layla cartwright : very good my brother and sister play this
shadab saifi : this is a very worst game in my entire life. so don't waste your time.
a google user : i like the game but i cant load the game
cal person : good game all around no lag
samar nayak : very amazing and easy
maruti thorat mt : this game is very osm gameplay and graphic so beutifull
louis slade : need to make it available on huawei
chris thompson : won't run of galaxy s8!
archevin ebulo : i love this game should download it too by the way go to my youtube vuxvuxvux
linda low : good but when you die it fustrats me but still it is amazing
alka verma : good game but need improvement
eliezer arias : love everything.thanks so much for making this game
djthekid _yt : this game is fun and it keeps my mind going
victor oliveira : bike unchained is alot better.
johan van der westhuizen : love this game its so fun i'll never stop playing
a google user : it one of my favorite games to play when there is nothing to do
md majid : the game is very very fantastic realyy friends
a google user : is very good game i love it. try it! this app has not good version
a google user : good app love it i would die to have it and learning from the game
kiran yadav : this is a brilliant game bike stunts industry
steveo 6684 : best motocross game hands down...braaap
a google user : ok real anoying ads tho
max kustom : this is a great game for myself and my 5 year old son.
laprisha hall : i think that this game i going to be aw to the some thank youby korshai woods 320233 ck3202k.
h sagar : the best game. very hard game.
vanajakumari gopireddy : so fantastic game mind blowing game on new bike very nice
a google user : nice game play nice graphics
a google user : wish to have multiplayer option
sreeku avinash : this game super very super game nice and advanger game very graphic
ryan unterburger : great game, very challenging
arsu babu999 : its a very good racing game loved it
stefanus wenri : bad game! im so angry with this game because if i play make me angry!!
a google user : played this game on my big brothers phone one level a i was in love
gabriella ainembabazi : it takes long to download
karim hussein : amazing game and so realistic
gaming with khiry jones : cause i cant get it to load and it would be 0 star but i cant rate 0.
jainil sanghvi : awesome but little hard!!
shanta ghimire : wow wow this game is so awesome and so addictive.. it's cool game
wheelsonground : it is realistic game.you would enjoy
james tufts : a lot of adds
cody campbell : realy realy good game play and it give you a challenged
kanan ali : play pubg because this is most wonderful game for this game
cole hanna : when you have a good game but its better than any over game
torali bora : omg i love the game because graphics is op
jahnvi : its a awesome racing game
rohan zende : nice gameplay i love to play alot
a google user : terrible it took me ten minutes to make the finish and you fall ssssooooo muccccchhhhh
obayi gobile : supergirl you could play with friends
a google user : less then 1%of players can play this game because it does not download that's what it should say am i right
a google user : this is very irritating game i don't like this game
ruksana malik : it's a very nice game and i like it graphics so nice
roukoz daher : this game is super good it let me feel energetic
sylerkiller62 : it's okay untill you get to level 5
angela conley : i really like the game i think it is fun
olsi ceka : worst game.. if you don't hack it, can't win
a google user : this game is fabulous and too addicted
shana gearhart : the avatar customization has become horrible.
ethan ball : this game used to be amazing but now it's trash
bishal das : not bad but grafics is not good
earn money knowledge : nice graphics super
a google user : it an fully updated bike game and superb
xpodiger : it's the best game for racing
a google user : if it has ten mill down loads it must be good
evangelist joseph musangana bintu bakajika : i give it one star because it hard to win... but it nice.
neev agrawal : it is worst nd i am suugesting to not download it
dominick adams : awesome just like the rest of them
wesley naylor : fun and challenging
ahmad umar 9e 4 : very bad! try try again try but no victory
ciamin lameya : as a offline game it is good
kiran bhaskar : very good game most best grapichs and control
kris nathan tapdasan : this game in awsome and cool i like it thx for making this
aruna p : i played it before 5 yers ago . but i didn't forgot. this is the preciousness of this game
austin oehlerking : needs unnecessary permissions to sell your personal info
saif qurashi : lots of ads otherwise 5 stars
amber moore : then this is a dobash game is better than the real thing i can do things i can't do in real life
md jihad : its not work it's not install my mobile android 4.4.2
koko's shaybe : good experience for me and happy new taza game for me
aditya seepersad : it was the best but it just got some not good quality
diana wasike : best game ever but challenging
status playr : this is very good game. i like this game very nice and good
sisu sisu : fantabulous make an update soon i request and 3 to 4 new locations
humza butt : too much adds
a google user : its mad man hard but fun too!
liam wastney : great game not going to lie love it
a google user : wast game i downloaded the game and i open the game and it stuck
prenshu shrestha : best bike game ever i had not played now this is my favorite game from stunt game
miran ahemad : a good and entertaining game
ousmane nimaga : i can't even download the game anymore.
raju khan ali : very good amazing game this
ali muhammad : very very nice game
timothy mungandiwe : its now boring ...stupid update
a google user : i like this game and im waiting in 3 years old
nancy : its awesome and radical!
shadrack olabiyi : i love this game it is so entertaining
munna majuli : graphic isn't good
hileri bhavsar : don't install this game even on gun point totaly time of west
rushank shan : it is not able to download 2 hour past
angelika jezierska : i really like the 3d effects.
teppala janiki : it doesn't install fast
pavlos venidis : it is very interesting and fun
a google user : very nice game free fast download
joe atamech : it's so beautiful and adventure game
nithin prasath : worst ... so much ad
tyler costello : really good and fun to play
a google user : very amazing game time pass
ant nugget : never giveing access to my files giveing a 1 because it is wanting to take my files i already know what will happen
star indian : full version is not offline my data wasted
cecha thompson : know if you should be happy to see that you guys tomorrow and get some sleep and days it
aniket kodalkar : try avoid cost for new levels
tony : why am i playing people with a max out bike?? i just started
archana bimalraj : i dont like this junk this game. is a trash
rahul kshirsagar : it's a good game and better way of time pass
swati arora : good app i played it was very good and interesting in playing
amit maan : it was the best game in the world accept pubgmobile
its_your_gurl_marjorie : i do not like this ugh i hate it so much and i don't wanna play this game.... this is dumb
sky hi : like this game but sometimes my times are wrong
parvin akhter baby : i give this because the graphics is to low
a google user : little glitches love it
ramrod 86 : i liked it this game is so cool that i like it and it's so fun
fluffy335neptune 121 : the game is aswome really fun
a google user : i like it very much it,s so crazy
a google user : good fun when your bored
ken s : ridiculously trashy. piece of garbage. money grab
mr hyper op : it's a super game i already completed the 3 parts
crystal mae lutz : i love how u can meet new people and its so addicting
sachin sethiya : can you get atv bikes in the game it would be more interesting
omar almanzar : its challenging but good
james muthiora : the game is great;l have even played it in bed
kings only : best app with motorcycles
gabe ich : it's a cool and funny game.
yeet : i love the game it is really fun.
noah thomas : its fun and super addictive!!!
midhun k.s : don't login using your facebook or gmail there were banned recently for miss using your account throught giving profile acees
santos alejo : best game ever to play on chromebook
a google user : has good levels
margarett white : it won't let me do a freaking jump and my character is stupid
andrew wallace : crazy hard. but fun
a google user : how do you completely remove your info and start the game all over again need help
sumaira syed : nice game i love it too much
jakiya mousumi : tha game storage is so much
prem rajkumar : this game is so amazing i like it
regan herlihy : great game so fun play it
damian maciel : this game is awsomeeeeeee plss make more games im begging u peroid . yesirrr
sarah : this game should be taken down
vinay kinariwala : it's like a gta5 very nice development
ayan salmani : ayan says i don't know how you will never come to this is the 55inches i will have the best thing in life to bata or be 8pm or the best of all of you to get to this one of robert the best of all of the world of the world and you have to go through a different world and see the world and the world and what happens to you in a new york times story in the future of 2k or photo editing or the new book and see what you are looking at to bata and to bata to see how it is going on a few years later in
declan jones : alan turn wifi or mobile data off then there will be no ads.
vasanth raj : good game but i love this game best game ever been with you guys doing anything today is my favorite game i'm download i liket this game
chintan gamit : i had played trial extreme 123 and now enjoying it's fourth version
tim vlogs : love this game practice without internet
solo walker : this game is nothing like it use to be.
a google user : very nice game i like it very much and it is very much fun
ethan swanepoel : best keep it up with the good work
taran veer : lovely game... good for timepass
john baumgartner : good way to waste a lot of time
karena de la mora : good i have been playing for years and fun
karthi keyan : super game i never forget the game in my life
liezyl macalalag : wate to win thes game bat is good
ana warren : i think that this game is awesome and everyone should play it
ryan hughes : one word incredible
aayush rao : very very good game i have paly all the parts of this game
alex smith : well i like this game because it,s sooo much fun
rudransh bhatt : awesome best bike stunt game in the world
dario king : very amazing they should make more
shogon : i think it is a good racing game
a google user : its cool all the maps
vivek singh vivek : very very nice game but its mb is too much
thourk koy : bobba thsi is a nice racing game
duhan pyung : idk i like the game, classic trial game hahaha
kyle d : why do you need my photos to be able to play a game.all these games now want everything on ur phone for a game
a google user : gets a bitt too hard too eadly
honey singh : awesome and mind relaxing game
amit singh technical boy : fantastic bike offline game
manish gavel : game is most by is very reivew are avllible is to good
eckzilla08 : it takes to long to load in (_._)
brian roberge : maybe go see one video of actual trial before making four games about it
haris arif : it gives you lot of entertainment
angela williams : that i could not get it installed but i think it would be good
deepika pahwa : it is the best/good game. i am very impressed this game. this is very popular game.
tanha khan : fahad khan alone for evar alone good game fsfdhdjdjgtdrffdddassssssss every game of youre is very good i very enjoy this games
gafarmer06 : it awsome but really hard
modler gaming : i loved it trial xtreme 4 it is cool game
sayed shokat ali : very best game in the world
manjurul islam : this i's the best bike stunt racing game it i's so.cool
a google user : it's been 5 hours and it's not even passed 20%
a google user : this is very nice game beautiful stunt pleas download now sochiye mat download kre
andrii turchyn : pay or watch ads makes you stronger
aman yadav : worthest game i ever played please do not instal this game it is totally waste of your data
namita mohanty : it hangs the devices
gaurav khari : improvement for this game and plz give offline game
a google user : love this game gear change this game
pablo cordero : okay this one of my game that i like palying its interested me alot...
naznin sultana : good game bt should add more stunts
trenton goerk : i love the game and a good time killer
a google user : well developed graphics
a google user : why do they need to access all my personal data for me to play their game ???
salman sulaiman : amazing and super exciting in the world
squashycobra_yt : good scratch that excellent
om ghule : this game is very beautiful person of the place
trevor smokes : was fun until i realized its only pvp. lame
gaming master x : if you wants to hack this then plz subscribe my youtube chanell for non rooted device it also do
a google user : ok... it's a good time waster but fun
justin claiborne : awsome game very challenging
aaron halliwell : amazing and astonishing
jason davis : great game to kill time!!
a google user : it's a hard game but a game at the same time
tokachirikato : this is the best motorcycle game i have ever played
harjeet sidhu : its great but not 10 stars:) yaman but great game
steven godwin : issues fixed happy days
kayla milligan : it's really good and i enjoyed playing it
roksana ruhe : i will give 5 star if you add a friends list
brandon berry : the best dirt bike game i've ever played!!!!!!!!
ruduwaan lottering : i like this game and i don't lose that easly
mikesiez : nice and kinda realistic
ruhaan singh : the best bike game on mobile
chern pinas : its fire i love this game the grathics are cool
earned cargo : amazing game and super addictive!
timmy swiiny : in the race the bots glitch through the wood palets
ruth veal : it fun but wen you lose its fustrating
anu mary : very hard to play
thi ha : too much cheaters but i love the game...
adrian bryant : its an awesome fun game really good
a.m.a bhana : very great no adds
old cartoons_in_hindi : this is my childhood game and i love it
zach douglas : lags a lot and seems like you push for people to buy money or boosters
nishant agrawal : hi i have to go if you want me to come to your mam to be 5 have to go to the gym for a part of the team to be a part of this team is hiring me for the position i have a part for the next to you and better than the one i sent to you on that one better than the one better than yesterday please let me to be good and pictures of the last week of march and better than the one better idea of the time i have been surffering my child school and work to get it to you and you want so i can
owais iqbal : very hard to play
alden iacono : so poop i spent 2000 dollars and they still milk ads and didnt give me gift card givaway legendary character etika and messi tom brady hacked my account from russia so bad :(
devil infinity : its an amazing game you must try
lucas obrien : it such a good game because you can do stunts
a google user : this is not good .not buy angine in this game.i have money but not buy angine in this game.how to buy ask me.
a google user : good graphics best game ever i played
nombulelo mlwandle : great game never had a game like this in my life
fredeli ramos : it is horable its not fun its brin
jewel ahmed : i love this game, all time my favourite
bob : awesome game but won't let me update
qreal yt : bro,one time playing i was racing a guy and i won!!!!
adam horton : i did a back flip in air when i whent on a rarp
sonya patrick : my brother said this game is good but for me i don't like it
nick charlesworth : hi realy good game fun to play
a google user : fun but challenging
ritzen fikou : but imagine if the graphics was better
a google user : very very noice noice game
akash salwade : the game not good as compare to game size
mutchy vlogs : you need to add more levels
a google user : you gamble monney wen you dont know you cant win egenst players i enjoed the last one more i am not dounloding enny of your games
erin hall : it is impossible on level 16
a google user : i love this game it more acsiting game my big brother doing this g- ame, but i se do not game this game not do ,my mother mobil have this game
hari taddi : it's an extremely addicting game i ever played
snoop trap19987 : this is the best game i can play worth it xd
sab 42 : really enjoy the game!!
sumaiya akther : this is the best game so beautiful
sofiq hosen : nice and impresive game ever that i watch
dani merrill : get yall s#!t together !! the game glitches like hell when facing a opponent it cheats you for your coins
jerry jackson : this game is my favorite game in the world i love this
amber estep : good but to meney adds!
mark porter : keeps freezing halfway through first race
shalain shah : very very nice game i like it
mahmood ghaznavi : such a beautiful game im love in it
koti kiran : very good game and want to improove some more
jayden ducasse : i hate this game i'm never downloading it again
latif aaron : pretty nice and pretty good
a google user : control is not so good
brandon chandler : bro i love this game whoever hates the shut up
synaping ff : it's very interesting game
i_am jhr : nice fame yrr yuppppo this game is so challenging
pari jan : this game in awesome
a google user : best game i have ever played on my phone:)
jan demeter : its just the best trial extreme 4 game
nate gamer : this game is cool my 10 year old son love it.
free fire tournament janakpurdham : thi game is most interesting in all trial x
a google user : i love this game it is brilliant
0lga rivera : it a relly fun game to play
manan gamerz : nice gmae but fix bugs
grizzynl : fun game really adictive!!!!!
agagag gugug : the facebook connection is still broken
anandhakrishnan a : it is cool man , ir is not just a game
jaychandran nair : this is not a in a year this game good but not good
julian garrison : all around a pretty good game
chadi chaar : it's a beautiful app i enjoy playing with this game .
daiweek shah : very useless and faltu app
k.c. dups-vicencio : great game no complaints what so ever
adam ak boy : s voice is good game my level 102 level lol game view front
sujit saha : it is very good game but it is very hard
arun kumarvatla : ads in center of the screen what the hell mannn
shoaib ali : i like graphics of this game
a google user : it have special stunt and track
soumya prabha : very much interested in this game very nice
uche onyekachukwu : why not multiplayer game. it we be good
noah heleno : i cleard my storage space and the game won't install
craigo 313 : dont like it an for some reason it wont let me uninstall it
omkar nalawade : my favourite game and invensh really good i like to this game
all cricket news as well how to play with jeevan : it is very nice game please give me one like today is my birthday
lauren smith : this game sucks it is trash it sucks i hate everything about this game .
truthfulsyn : amizing its just to hard to get cash
pankaj kumar : you need to work on graphics
mirza beg : fantastic game i love this game.
luan le grange : this is shet totally shet glitchy and cheating i do not recommend
vinay kumari : so cool game best for time pass
ashleigh farmer : its boreing and loses to long
sterling gage : it is so fun and i like the girl in it!
toxic gem : nice work developer i love this game soooooo much
davidavinash n : nice but long adds
michael umlauf : really great game and the girl is super hot
john nicklin : it's fun and addictive
kye nelson : permission to access my photos is required!?
jerry redman : i paid for 70.00 of coins. need er vot them and they ignored every email and ever attempt to respond to me. thieves
a google user : riley fun and i love this game very much
a google user : a very good game . every one should people
navin pant : nice and tough game. i like it.
moses kelly vlogs : it's most certainly a game that's worth your time
a google user : achi nahi lagai trail xtreme 3 is nice than this
dark waiz : the game great but too much cheating
tanya barrow : i cannot pass level seven why is it so hard dummy
ali hussein : i love it i won 6 races and lots of duels
amrit dhillon : all game is wastage .. it is not aa really good experience
a google user : hard to control
vasu 2018 : this game is awesome beacause there are so many opsticals
bullet n : i personally think that 3 is better but i cant get it anymore
jaymin panchal : i given 5star to this game is good but more updates plzzz
ramsudin singh : this game is very hard because
nepal singh : tygdsdudufyvsjvfuyfcysuvyxuduuxuciufuf and other types are 66inches for a 66inches or 66dollars to get a job and you have a job that you don't have a lot to offer and that is a job that is a great place for 66inches to be in a position where the business has to be in place and not be able for it to do so in a long term and will not have a problem in a way that's a job for the job and that it will not work for the rest and the other will be able and not able for a job and a lot to do and that wi
dylan gil cervantes : gmae is rigged not recommended
su9erdaddy : y does this game need access to my pictures and media ????
jaybee bennyy : its a very nice and interesting game
a google user : thinking game above the high level up
a google user : so awesome thanks for the good games
sarah boateng : too slow but ok game
a google user : very adventurous game really nice work.
vivek arora : very very worst game in all over the world
dashacanadianexplorer : super game. please do a new version of the game
zainzain : it hacked and very easy for me because i played it
a google user : very nice game i played this game 2 time now again i love this game
jason fetch : very fun cool stunts i love it
zeb pickford : it uses to much storage!
jade barnett : this game is so easy to play
samkelo sithole : boring game in the whole wold
bhai yadavji : this is online games but v.nice game
marc lucas : it was a very good game it has the same things as 3
layton.gibson _ : one of the only good dirtbiking game's
a google user : awesome thanks for letting me play the game
marquis haynes : this is the most best mobile game ever
amogh wadekar : this game is not even fair!! there are so many hackers
kazi raz : that is good game for baby.
umesh mistari : wow! this game is amazing l am in so much fun
infernz : fun way to pass some time
gaurav tiwari : very annoying game worsted
a google user : this games is excellent. pls download it
jay blankenship : nephews got me into this. alot of fun
bahaa salah : awesome thanks so much for all of your
savage foust : don't hate it but i love it like my baby
joelan ceniza : so fun and exciting.
mustablizz : i love this game,gives a lot of chances
a google user : best motocross game i've ever played
zannatul fardous : i like this game too much world's number 1 game
sarah shinwon alfonse : very good game i like it thats what i expect from games
jordan simon : is nice game i ever in the world but there some thinks is not god
laura sykes : amazing and really fun
a google user : its a fun game love it
sanjay sanjay : best game of world
trevor smith : the game is a trash and i've seen all reports so ye get ur game in line also ur game is trash and thats were you were born
a google user : hii it is very good i had played it on my brothers
pramila singh : that is a brilliant game.... love it
andrej krstevski : too many hakers but its good
kristopher manatis : i've always loved time tris
raghubir singh : not so much cool not so much boaring
nicola heaney : i love everything in the game
jhon michael gonzales : very nice some kinda difficult
mohd salim : i love playing online games
a google user : is this game is so much nice than pubg
blue moon : arrrrr the five stars make this game harder please
lilly mae : rubbish game the practice isn't the same as the race !??!
jhoncamp : this is the best bmx bike i have ever seen in my life.
ranjeet singh rajput : very nice and intrasting game
ankur hura : have played previous series. amazing stuff
drew clift : i really love it so much that. i would love to be a super star.
jacqueline johnson : i love this game and i love how u can watch people race and see there score
hayley jones : loved the game it is so fun
laird mcinnes : it is a good game and i love motorbikes
danish ahmed : love this game i have never like any game but its awsm wow
casey shelton : meh. trials frontier is better
a google user : it's a awesome game love it
daniel russell : its really really really baaaaaaad do not get
ike silverhardt : level of concentration makes me feel da groove.!!
a google user : i think it's reay fun. u should make a fith one
batman hunter08 : i've never played a game.like this at all so thank you
love is a state of mind : super fun recamend playing so good
syed huzaifa : i acnt tell anything nice and lovely game
a google user : very good game intresting game i loved it
prakash gunumolu : prakash gunumolu the best games,
m niyaz : i using this app but opon more ofline levals
karuppu kamalesh : nice pic and send them
cj 145 : the whole time i've been playing i think it's a great game
sunny dhaliwal : very bad game this game is not worth your time
a google user : great game addicted to the game
osie ferguson : this is a great game is fun
a google user : this is the best bike game i have ever seen
ethan,s gameing : it's just when it says i win money i don't get the money
a google user : this is a very awesome game, i like it very much
neeraj rajput : nice i was playing the game from3years but deleted and now
hug m : best game of trial motorbyke ever
a google user : fun game challenging
the gaming site : nice game but so hard
crazyk2000 : well to me its an ansanly good game ithink you should try it
michael ratcliffe : i played it when it frist came out
ashkan fakher : i like it because it's so cool and awsome
a google user : omg omg omg this is the best game of our world
steven snow : it's okay i couldn't get past one level
paidaishe madya : good game l give it 5 plus
a google user : its a really fun game
aman a : this is very hard game
gbandi najombe : very good game. i recommend it to everyone
corie johnson : awesome amazing game it's the best game ever
amanjeet kaur : i like this game so much it is a stunting game
konner burke : don't want to have to give it access to my photos
a google user : this game is awesome thanks for making this game deemeday inc.
guffybrednc antray : love this game.. i played it years ago when it first came out
jaydeep patel : 1 star because of ads
adarsh 123 : really awesome game...love it.
a google user : like this game ,played first version and enjoyed
akhil nair : this is a vey very good and excellent game
a google user : nice game.i am playing with joy.
owen donnelly : really fun good motorbikes
hey that's me : crudiest game you could get your better of getting a lower rating game
helen wildins : it crashed i hate the gameokay
snowflake fall : it is one of the best games ever i have played your so stupid
dinesh jangid : the game is awesome but pur. this game
a google user : when i am bored with studies i play this game
david b : i'm dying without touching the ground on tournament how can developers sleep at night knowing they're game sucks ass
mk ibrahim : very nice game in world
sven smith : cooooooooool but let it load quicker or one star
tarek samad : bad game everything you need buy
dreyton hogg : f you and your stupid game i hate this its so hard on level 16!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a google user : very bad coz this game is online
a google user : almost like it is real loved it.
dawn dye : nice game i really appreciate the game
adam mclaughlin : it is a great game and it is really fun
luc goguen : fun but to expansive
harshit tripathi official : t that is a good game for a child
kasy laker : this game is awesome play it it's good
apo creators : superb game mass graphics
samantha danielson : epic game :) my husband and i love it!
mohan lal saini : something is best and overall it's a ok game
osho kataria : this is very nice game i like this game amazing
nupur savaratkar : "very great gameplay i love it"
dean lowndes : great game realistic play
ross 1 : because i dont have facebook i cant play now ?
maria burch : really good and super addicting
rushikesh j. : no tilt control thats why i uninstall... and 0 stars
matthieu jvp : i was stuck on the loading menu
shilpa bharapte : time wasting game do not download
ibrhim ansari : one of the best biking games ever
sudha tripathy : please give more money to buy bikes
ammar al-eriany : it's amazing game you must to install it
jayu gavit : the only thing that comes with a high level overview of my life
zabou : fun and addictive!
tikeswar pradhan : ....i want to play all level free without internet
rakesh kumar singh : this he is very good game everyone play that game
jn mayo : srry but game is trash warning to anybody reading this do not download
royal t : this is the best bike game i have ever played
steven senituli : it so boring who made this game it sucks like u guys that made this game
owen rushton : when u get all of the stars it should let u go to the next stage
zain : i hate this game... plz don't download this bullsheet game... i hate this game.. who is the owner of this game...
a google user : love this game so much it's very good
coolgamer boys : its a really good game i love it soo much
mohammad nabi : allot of advertisement
browners5 : why does it put you against the best bike its stupid
james holtzhausen : how do i change my prize money to get more everyday i bought three bikes ready
enam haque : i love this game trial xtreme 4
milad motallebi : completely disappointed with this version
sunil sharma : free fire in the best game trial xtreme extreme
krishna studio : super this creature is very very thank
shelton kanjaruka : good game & graphics too ooh my wow
chris alexander : love it great game !!!!!!
mohammed rehaan : waste game ever played i want to slap the rider
bernard fearon : when l download it it tell's me to download again
owen wasif : i've had the game before and it's awesome!
venom gaming : very interesting game and existing game
zinn324 : great trials racing game
sourav gamer : i play many games.baught i feel good to play this game.
teddy bosworth : great game and must play
ankit kumar jaiswal : vey poor experience playing totally hate this app
samu khan : is the best and very hard
anonymous woman : it is the best game in playstore
tyson welch : it has a promlbem sovleing in any think i is the best games
sk entertainment : as good as my road stand
raju raju : very very good stunts and good game
gaming for fire legend : this game is very different and good
ghassan shamdeen : it's the best motor bike game ever
jack dixon : this game is really fun !!!!!!!!
m3gtr bmw : boring but it's ok to ply
anju rani : technosters of aap of our store app for ios or your home or home home home home home home ticket ticket ticket ticket ticket kishore song 40 shola shyam tik tik tik tok photo of the same to you soon withggfugghh everything is going to be in touch and consideration and consideration and consideration in advance and have the best time to the question is going to you sooner but i wiggrg christmas and consideration and i will yyyy the same high shgfghy to receive your email and any attachments is go
nayeem zargar : no enjoyment with out cash.some prize on misson end 1000 us dollars
deathmachine 945 : it is very competitive
a google user : it is a very interesting game
tahir abbas gondal : very good and interesting game
angela conley : yes the game is very fun
jaa 45 : good game for time pass
vijay kumar : this bike stund game is better all of them
mr d : great game but addictive af
h2awesome : awesome , it helps me spend my time
paras arora : best games and the best way and best control
daksh agarwal : the best and hard game ever i like
a google user : its a great game! try it!!
kyle burgess : this is garbage! doesnt deserve a star..
a google user : i love the game so much thank you
yash nagda : it always requires coins
harshita bhatt : excellent for the game
ezio carrillo : i like this game but i want evrything
nk gaming ff : i'ts the nice game i playing the game and all playing the game download you thanks
asyraful izwan : it works perfectly fine.
zein-ed-dine peerbaccus : it very good for pass time
rogue jukes_yt : brilliant oink oink ps havent even played the game lol
namita pawar : everybody races to win but i race to flip
jms kc : this game is so nice and amazing
qu3 \ : very nice ! and it make me happy
harsh charaya : chutia game please remove this game from play store
a google user : i rate it before the play haha
muhammed ali : this games control and others i dont like
wwe : i install the game.but it did not run.
kashish jindal : thank you developers for making this game
a google user : the jump is amazing
justice mkhonto : ads are blocking g my play
ghs hardware : this game is very brilliant game
a google user : super game ......! just loved it...!!!!!!! ~chandra mouli
octavio silva : this game is trash they force money to race trash
deniz vedrik larr : cool and amazing, love it
tamanna bhattacharya : i can't downloaded it .it has much mb
nooby noob : not rlly good game give 50,000 coins wen join
osman : i love this game its great!
danny hargreaves : good game really happy with it
a google user : it's awesome and fun
a google user : like it but impossible game
a google user : takes so long to download
k b : unfortunately this game isn't that grate!
ashley raymond : this is a apick game make an update if you can
andrew ellis : hi i love this game i'm telling all my friends!
the mizo : these is best games in bike games
a google user : very dynamic game
ash dart : so atictive love it so much
tanya : this game is amasing!-! go get it right now.
a google user : games is expected i like the idea
jan db : its nice fun and mine thinking
kartik sonkar : this is very intrested game i loved this game
work mail : it's a great game highly recommend
jacob : asks for access to your photos and files for no reson5
zege-gaming youtube : very good time flying game
orange juice gang : 3 stars for getting all 3 stars in the game
johan coetzee : it's nice and challenging
dilshan sheikh : iam very old player please give me some bike
tech of games vs phones : best but can improve more
a google user : this is a very nice game i loved it very much
andrew emerson : good game can't put it down
leazang tsh lepcha : really fun to play
night fox gaming : this game is lite the guy that make game i love u bro i give it allstar
pingal lakra : game is good & can made batter then this
crowned one : i like the graphics
a google user : us so nice game make more game like this
mehedi hasan : thise is very good game and i hope that thise game is intent
fartun abdullahi : i love the game but why do you not let me get it
manishkumar sharma : how to make money online and get your own website and search engine marketing in your business and get your own web site with a good idea
adrian buttface : its so cool and fun
gurram vignesh : it is a best racing i need
good heaps : you can stick your storage access up your ....
finlay heiland : great fun is free
a google user : very bad don't download ittt
a google user : it's the cool game in the world
lijon mcdonald : awesome but very expensive
mayur bhamare : gama is very nice hi gama bor
ajit kawale : i play this game in part 1 2 3 now i am going to play part 4
chanchal jha : this game is very hard
curtis blakes : it's like a good game but i lost my chip
hetansh gaming shah : its amazing game i like this so much
teen ager : very excited game. i like this.
louis govan : great fun to play
a google user : i have lots of fun with this game
sparky wotts : ree i think you should get this to the person you want to use it because its trash
subhranil debnath : awesome bike racing game in my life
a google user : i think it helps me when i'm bored
gots killz : if you guys hate the app, could you do better?
deepak kumar : it was very easy
godwin godinho : this game is adds more then a game ....
a google user : this the best game ever and i love it
a google user : controls are little bad
a google user : i like the game and i love this
vaibhav mankare : this app also very critical and dificult
harry petrow : no way i used to play the original 1 i cant be live its back
debra bailey : i love it ...this game is amazing
_rahul_ sony__ : problem at installing app
michael brown : it is super good and i love the game
sibu das : hi good morning i'm sorry for everything the same as
sanjay empire : what af**k game i can believe this what a grapics super
tyler warren : texts you at all hours of the night
sonal rastogi : this game is awesome i love this game
kathryn graveline : that game so cool make a anther one
kolli jayaram : nice game in the world best
digital duniya : this is a great game of the bike in the world.
shuban shekar : played it on my friends phone twas the best
shivaay ojha : it's a good app for wasting your time
a google user : this game suck and to much add i just hate it
esfisher : absolute terrible game never play is sucks donkey balls
nantongo delan : it's cool the greatest bike game
bimla devi : it is very very good game i will like this game it very nice game
max wharton : looking forward to seeing the new game
steve hubert : fun and hard
angel ramirez : i love this game it is awsome
ruchi patel : this game is wi fi game i love it
marcelo rea : a like this game so much and i like you lady
clinton brand : get so stuck i love this game
shabeer ahamed : superb game i more relaxed to play this game
muhammad waqas : this game is awsome dude amezing i love it
herr mensch : sloppy game play and a money sucker
azhaan arain : i am playing this game first time. i hope this game will be a fantastic game
jan fuhlendorff : why did you remove gamepad support?
ajaz chisti : it is the best xtreme game ever
a google user : amazing i'm really good at the game.
isaiah bruner : it is the best game i have played in years
gu5t0v holland : kills time better than other games do
lindi dube : hate it however you won't be able make it again
a google user : i love it s[lol look much .
mano raja : this game is to much amazing i like this game
vasundhara 722 : wrost game i never played this kind of waste game
muhammad hamza : its is really a good game iam enjoying this game
dnyaneshwar kate : yes i must catch all the level of this game
ff k g : thank you for game owerner you respond me and update i play this game
saddam status : this game is so good for game lover
a google user : i like this game because is the best game
christy joss : great game do trials myself.
dustin nelson : this game is rediculious cant even make any dam money
a google user : theifs,all christmas levels that i 3 stared u stole them with xmas update,sad u did this to me,ill 5 star if u reay me
silvan k : good expiriance for the game
farzan 17 : this game is really awesome....
sen_kieran : reading the comments this game look rubbish don't expect me to get an of this company's games like if you aggree
sarah rolfe : best friend trey used to play this game
neelam sharma : very good and hard game
mr.comady001 yt001 : it has the best grahs better than the 3 one
super status releaser : waste is this game very very cheeee my 350mb waste ofwork to my phone net waste loose my data only no way
haydn usherwood : is alright it ain't the best game ever
a google user : have just played it is awesome
ishtiaqe : played after a long time
jay tiwari 7a 23 : this game is very good and i enjoyed it very much
emma wells : it usd to be gooutda until they updated it
a google user : it's is a very good game of thrones
a google user : the game is nice for playing
vishram jee tiwari : best game but hard also
siddharth jain : ok ok game just put acceraltor and the game is over
steve melendez : great game ! lots of fun
shabaaz khan : waste game why because not having storyline mode
fauzi gustian : i love this game,this is great game.
lubna khan : its very good game.i love it.
a google user : it's a good game loved it liked it rated 5 stars
sarim gsh : amazing game in world except injustice
manbodh bauri : try to beg mobile data from public..... boring and cheating game
ahmir adonis : i love the game did you did for children
suraj ghalley : it is a very fun game ever
mega banana gamerzs : very very cool game 2 game
a google user : very bad game plzz band this game
abul kalam : this is so good game . it is super game.
parabhavati lokhande : it's a very nice game i like this game
sanjeev kumar : best game in the world
a google user : this game is reallylikeabl
jasvinder kaur dhiman : very bad game for everyone
callum crockett : such a good game it's so good
umer raheem : i have installed yet but i think so it will be good game!!!
a.g lesson : very very useless game
anthony campbell : it so good you should play it
a google user : i like the graphics
vedu more : i love this game high graphics like gta game
mason chaney : this is the baddest game ever put in game history
emma jane mclaughlin : geometry is the best person to contact hdgdyshdhsyeydg
fort fighters : best game ever i always play it
asiya hussain : this game is so so so amazing
hari : aaah wonderfull game sprb graphics
jayprashad bhatrai : so risky and exiting game play very care fully
a google user : very nice game for playing
utkarsh shukla : the real extreme 4 the best game and download it wow
a google user : this game is awesome like the mizzzzzzzz
a google user : always come back to this game.
anshdeep ansh : i love this game so so very much
praba michael : cool bike stunt game i ever played
odeyemi damilare : the game is cool. don't be deceived!
kirtee patil : please make it fully offline
a google user : best dirt bike game out there
junaid ahmed abdul rider : doesn't give coin money oriental game
vincent thomas : its a very fun game!
vickey saroj : time waste game trailax is better than trailax xtreame 4
dlo dlo : this game is so awesome and good
mehedi hasan emon : that game was great love it.
fam bam : it is cool and i wont to give it a 100000000 stars
vivek shah : awesome, most amazing games
joji yavita : this game was so much fun
isaac jordan : i like the game because it is fum
mobile games : how to play trial xtreme 4 in old version
pubg gamerz : very super hot educated trials game
franklin ngene : cool bike hardcore game...
prakash telange : wow this game was nice. but i can't do this?
a google user : i think it is a really fun game
chad boardman : first race.. ads... to soon, let someone start to maybe enjoy it. buy felicia!
nathan allen : love the game because of my stunts
ayat sheref : it's very good game and cool
devansh singh : for this game there is only one word"bakwaas"
shannon queen : your very trash i just gave you good results because im nice
deshawn rix : 10 out 10 great game
uniquely blessed : i like this game it's the best ever in the world
miklos szucs : best trial game i've played so far!
akmal hussain : this game is most popular game is most important
rashmi sharma : this nice game i love too much
sumit kumar : this game is spand time it is best game
art lover : nice game.graphycs good
a google user : this is crazy i like this game
a google user : this is the best bike game
razan mortada : this is a bautiful game i love it
kishan mohanty : such a fantastic bike game it's
hanz 2414 : this game is very nice super game
mark-anthony lester : awesome and addictive
sachin creaction what's status whatsp status : nice game im enjoying playing this game
paskal souz : nice game fully fantastick
tricky stuff : it is a very awesome game
dylan looney : not a good game if you ask me boring!!!
huney verma : he is best game because is game very good
mir sajedul islam : it's really good game and i love it
stinkymuscleman : i love how realistic!!!
kim page : it is a really fun game
john robinson : you would have to spend a fortune to get anywhere in this game.
sk g shariff : i like this game superb congratulations to this game
yo normski : love it , good fun
jamesrbradford : awesome pass time experience
will playz : so bad. do not install! this game is too hard
sharger : this game is just so fun
arshi ali : very cool game and i like it
chartered : not much good average game
thabang llyod palopalo : i played it before but was the earlier versions
prasun neupan : nice game to be rate
sadia mughal : i like this game we are playing this game
hira haris : i really like this game for real(hmmm)
thahathil sham k : it is not responding,please help me develepors
a google user : this game is so good.enjoy a lot
marlon higgins : great for lock down
david holz : super addicted to this game
zymarion horne : i like how u get to whille the bike
tou fik : the best game of bike ever
paul de killeryy : this game is great i love it
pabitra khadka : this was the worstest game i have ever played
a google user : good game having good level
a google user : why all the time add is coming
koushalendra singh tomar : this is fantastic game.
hemant choudhary : experience is better nice very good excellent
hilda amarillas : wrost game ever.do not play it.
prasanna and prasiddha : nice game not bad but good
charity jabulile : it the bast the game is amazing
xyrouz dane refre : the game is good install it iwant the game
status boy*** : this is very fantastic game
zahid md hasan : the game is very interesting
peanut da vlogger : this game is sickyall hv 2 make games more like this
fiona morrison : cant get the real one it sucks eny way
mahinder singh : awesome and amazing
rajesh garg : this is a very interesting game
samuel gaddis : this game can go die in a ditch
vans group : this game is berryberry good
a google user : it's an ok game but it socks
zhumur zhumur : thanks again and t we will t ett ordered this
d.lathish lathish : one of the most favarot stunt game
rohan barman : game is played was very nice game
parna debnath : awesome bike racing game
ilyas ali : this is awoseme game but i did not use this game
chay prior carter : wouldn't even give this a 1 star but that is the lowest one
a google user : this game is funny
sushama sahu : v has bbc b bbc dirty ugh g cnn cnn gas c such hard fu hf i don't know what to do it again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and u know what i want you to be with me for a while ago and it was a good day at work and i don't know what to do it again and again y i don't know what i want to be a good night my love to have a nice to meet for a bit of a sudden he is a little more than i thought i would have a great day today with the kidswere
shamim khan : let me play offline and unlock level offline
a google user : nice game i loved this.
mustafa siddiqui : such a nice stunt game. i'm lovin it
emma holdstock : i love the game and it's really good to
sharukh ansari : nice game best effect
teddy khoza : not a bad game try it out and see
urmila sisodiya : why this game is too much ma 332?
a google user : crashes after a time
gagan randhawa : this is the best bike game
morne rossouw : this game is a very nice game
riyaz shaikh : very slow game
jessica culgin : it's very very fun
shuvo roy. : this is a best game i love it
maureen ugwu : very nice and amazing
aamir khan : i m very happy to play this game.
chadwin christian : it is full of fun
lyze plays : my name is corpse you are my next victim whoever made this game and i will get my buddy jacksepticeye send it to you with the knife going inside your neck and so it was just joking a jacksepticeye i hate my i want to fix with you when my when i hit 20 million subscribers and i like it if i hit it but in 2100 have left me he's not my friend anymore but you see my face and i didn't like it i would it kill them
skinny : love it proper addicted
john carroll : great game to past time
samip basnet : this is the best game that i had played in my life.
pranjal shinde : fully bakwas !! lots of adds..
francisco garcia : it is game is very fun
rithwik sai muppavarapu : i love the game and ino dru
anjali pithva : this game has skill and daring too
manas giri : this the the best game of bike
jacob g : it's really fun
kailash bairwa : osm game graphic brilliant
dylan laible : this is a great game for bmx lovers
mr raihan : this is really nice game
marty moose : this is a excellent game
tylan leonard : this game is the game best every.
a google user : it's a good well made game
a google user : its good but not good enough
viridiana gutierrez : it is a really fun game.
ali murad : hate this game because ubgration is useless.. money spendation is useless
chasity sharp : i cried becose i always lose and it is so stressful!!
the 7.7 gaming : i don't know really it's just not the game for me
bryson aymond : i love this game it is so good
bobbie martin : it is really bad do not get it
dwayne mccray : for me it took 1 hour to download
class 9 and 10 : hi there i am a very happy for your help and support you
rohit meena : it is very bad and wrost game bilkul bekar faltu game
kevinwadey : physics not good
daniel waters : this is a very cool game
ryan : how dose a game get worse with a newer version
youri vernet : 23rd we v to be the best way to do this for me is the most common cause i know if4p22212
kathy jahnke : its just asowm i have no words
ramjanul ali : please don't download these game very worst game
a google user : faltu game it is very bad game
joe mostafa : the best offline game
jitu yadav : it need some improvement
a google user : it's a good game overall
tharun krithick : hi to everyone who to ask you happy birthday to my email is not available for the use was taken from my phone number and email address is tharun kiruthik
a google user : not a very good game i must say
kevor berry : i am going to do it but does it takes internet
a google user : it is a brilliant game
rubina safia : that one game i like in all games
christopher troberts : ok thanks so much for the simpsons on this game
pinkey biswas manisha biswas : this game is very intersting
jaime granados : i love this working gameboy
wyatt ritchey : this game is the shitest game ever dont get this damn game
casiano aloyon : i hate the graphics
kunal jaat : this game is very hard
sabertooth yt : need easier way to get money
mohd ashraf : my game is not running
aman vlogz : very very very nice game
stephen marland : i love the game so much
a google user : this game is too boring.
a google user : this is the best game i play ever
a google user : becaues it is so fun
oswal prince : not a single word for wrost game 324 mb be worthless
prince rai : very very nice game thanks
a google user : i want to play this awesome game
fernando duran : great game. . . awesome!
a google user : this game is the best game i've ever played in my life it is awesome
lizzie paton : i love the game it is on fire
ashley evorall : dustricing stress-free
ali khan : i love this game very very.and i am very very enjoyed game very very
theo : said it is offline but it is not
smitanjay mohapatra : it is a very nice game i had ever played.
riley hunter : i love these sought of games
a google user : it is the best game.i like this game
ravi singh chouhan : really it is a very good game
emiway bantay official : it is very intrested game
mayur sagar : classic style game
brad white : shitis game ever dont down load
a google user : very good game i love this is game
phoenix dobson : it is amazing love it lol
vivek chaudhari : bad game don't install
mohit dabhade : osm game and good graphic
jondena89 : updating this game was a bad idea!
suvarna zambare : this game is so excellent
rishin rishin : its good game i think bcoz u dont play
walid zerrouk : the game it's online or offline?
vidyasagar choudhari : this game is best make like this games
shiraz mark : i am shiraz mark its a good game
a google user : so nice but 400md not try i am to download
mohammed favas c.p : wow awesome fantastic alastic
a google user : large app. don't download
michelle devincentz : some times i lose but now i win
deepak kumar : toot tough for me. uninstalled
jason rottier : best way to kill time
bhavesh kansara : hi vince said find did so all is did go may go jay so is so is so is do is do is flag cubes final
a google user : it's realy nice game!!!
nadeem saleem : it's a very good game i was so excited to play this game
azam soomro : nice game good control
raghul .m : fantastic game for playing
a google user : hi in no if so it to go hi in no if so if can be there by b can you g by y can be so happy to
zainab albalooshi : i love these game it's rile good
suryansh shukla : boring game don,t play this game
emina logan : i love this game so much fun
ranc harmonija : ads and ads and ads.
a google user : oh my god this app is is is absolutely nuts
ryan sorensen : it is an awesome game
prakash dayalkar : this game is very nice i like it
mohamed ashraf : the best game i played since my birth
rohit gujjar : this game was brilliant
cj styles : boring and predictable
matthew clary : fun and addictive
simon evans : great game. love it
fe 08 vaibhav nagare : that game was not like that that people likes
a google user : very very very nice game
demi ch : nice game i love this game
irshad raza : this is very nice game
spiderpool boy : fun game to play!!
sanjay ayer : fantastic game loved it
bibek saud : this game is really nice
the sakib yt : this game is very good. i love it
nitin jaat : very very good and nice
christopher ament : im addicted to this game
rob sutton : i love the game a lot: )
barb albanis : biking jk it's the best
aw an : its installing is 2 times
anna mitchell : time for a change in the first place to stay for the first time in the history of the first blue and tv and the first blue and tv
ingrid swann : well this game is the best 1000000000000000 best
mokesh mass : nice and fantastic game
shakti nirmal nirmal : this game is the worst game ever i have seen
melissa van dyk : my friend said it was the best game in the world
a google user : i think the game is not download img
gemma lynch : this app is the best game in the world
maxtan 2.0 : good game for not support
troy mayhew : good game really fun
a google user : it really like this game
djibril fall : this game is really yall hould play
zeenaat awan : offline is very gal oklwns
santosh sitap : not good not bad but boring
a google user : love this game i recommend.
nana banks : bikes guy is a foundation course couple open pas
girish g : dirty game we can not win at one match yak
dead pool sarath : very very very bad game
nicola parker : you can change the controles
ankit ak : gameplay not upto the mark.
anita thakur : very bad game i donot like this game
roland skelton : the best never seen enything like it
sean brewer : crackin game lads, 10/10
arif khan : great game in number 1 game my fovarate game
jeremiah rollins : fun and time waster
naval ram nimavat : nice game very empresiv
val cupit : 1 of da best i played of this genre
a google user : it is very nice game i like this game very very very much
a google user : good game i love this game
leah hernandez : i hate the game boring
kavita sharma : i like the idea of the game
justin netherton : well im not going to lie yall are pretty good but im the best
easy learn : wow what a game !! fantastic
connor glynn : it's going to be awsome sub to david glynn it's me but i'm connor but i'm on my dads tab
a google user : better than gta 5 and the witcher 3
cory parkinson : it sucks when u race other people they are people u can't beat it sucks
r.ramesh mechanical : very low mb games best
nick smith : i'm sorry but it's just a horrible game
asif ali : best game in the world
punam patva : it is a best game of bike
kedgeneal champagnie : love this game very mush
shankar naidu : but it can be played online
gingerbread gamer : is the best game ever
varaidzo chakanyuka : it is so fun a human being you are lying i love this
a google user : the game is good and ossam
gw lordz gamers : this is my one of the favorite game
aaqib khan : it is my favorite game ever
czar srp : i love this game too much
kshitij nagaonkar : very nice take this game
migal melvin petersen : this is one amazing game
asphalt airborne : this game is not offline
rajendrakumar sahu : owo very nice game my hart toch
satyam singh : it is not offline game
a google user : this games is not aa proper way
ovidiu lipan : does it need to access my gallery?
a google user : make some qeustions that go with the game.
jemma rae smith : this game is the best in the world
rahul sharma : best motor game ever played
chitti edit's : one of the best game iseen in my life
adam symons : amazing i love this game
a google user : it is really fun
sj joshi : its a very nice game
michael stanborough : it's the best game iv played ever
svani : this is very good game
logan conkling : you guys have made the most gay game i have played in my life, please die
hackermaster 836 : why cant you cuztamise eny more its stuped
shahid khan : this is very good game
nier 848 : hey do u want a game thats bad this is one
robert herschler : i reserve that 5tg for non pay games
antoni orzel : it is really good my friend have it
vijay bundela : i love this game superhit game
kajal mishra : very cute game
chaitanya pande : it's good i played all extreme games
fatima majid : there must be improvements in some areas.
benjamin lloyd : it is really fun
roshni saroj : ooooohhh i loved this game to much
cal lees : really fun game
syed fawad hussain shah : this game is very nice
sohan sapkota : this game is very good
nivea gandhi : this is a fabulous game
aakash lamsal : nice game really love it
prakash chaudhary : awesome game i love it
byaiji pryor : really nice game man
jeremiah mcdonald : pretty cool game buddy!
a google user : suckiest game in the world
sagar birajdar : its a very nice game
thin bello : this is crazy it's crazy, hate it very much
ko ko : so good game.i love this game.
zulecca makua : your game takes alots of time
a google user : hey deemedya inc you are very mud but the game is 5 star
laarni basmayor : i rate one because it make me angry
a google user : this game is wonderful
abdul halim rahmany : worst game ever played by me....
jimmie grant : this game is so much better than my old games
niranjan mane : worst game ever... bcoz of online
rupesh chavan : if it's gonna free then it may better
xtyx ye : it is very good to play
shafi shadab : this game is best and good
a google user : wonderful game please download
alec robey : expensive, to buy stuff
albert mirdita : good game it's very good
aman gakhal : this game is fun
wicked flame : great game love it
a google user : this game is very nice
cale sauls : its a very good game
zamil ayaaz : the first version of this game is the best version
shadow gaming : it is a very good game
vijeesh mp : best of all time
george parsons : yeah it's pretty dang sick
dev singh : not good as first it was before update
usha bishu : nice game to play
emma coles : this game is awesome
marian pitt : i think this game is dumb dumb dumb dumb dumb because it kicks me out every day i go on it
a google user : it's a good game one of the best i've played
a google user : i love this game....
turu : what a wonderful game
brett o'hagan : the app will not open for me
88dil qureshi : this is really extreme game
maria laqs : dont load this level seven dead and dead s$#t game
viksit choudhary : after every match 1 add idiotic game
christiana odiboh : this game is sick!!!!!!
finlay celentano : epic game bad graphics
birman waiba : one of the best game kheldaixu
jaid bhai : very nice game my life time
corey a leslie : this game is amazing
tuanika humble himba : its a good game thats all
azam khan : i just want offline playing
king julian : its a good game but
mohd yahiya mohd yahiya 9032877683 : hi nice game is over
dharam tiwari : mast good graphics
yo crzzy : its not all that it kinda sounds like kmx 350
manish manish : worst game i have ever played
ph gamerz : its very adventurous games
vedanth sing : this was the best game of my life
lisa huff : this game is so cool
kuldeep konwar : worst game....add comes while playing
vaishnav vichu : very bad missions
pato bouy : this game is so good install now now
a google user : this game is awesome
sarah and lewis ashton : it is the best app ever
methembe hadebe : it's a great game, trust me.
israel straight : so bad you can't costumes the control's
rihaan ibrahem : great dusithani i am from paris staying in dubai
a google user : this gamebos so so good
a google user : this game is super excited
a google user : not played yet it's downloading
jefferson bermoy : this is beautiful for me
fathead 1892 : shut up about the game being bad
bishal harijan m-142 : awesome game i loved it
maham fatima : awesome. i. want to. be. level. master
buddy keane : it is so much fun
a google user : this game is so much fun!!!!!
aly sukhyani : a boring game no fun
a google user : everything is good in this game.
a google user : wow this is a good game
eileen leslie : this is not a good game the people how make the game this is a bad ida
mr & mrs gamer : world worst game is this worst game ever revord goes to this game
a google user : wonderful game so existing game
suresh kumar : this game is very wonderful
rahul deorukhkar : not downloading on my device
rannvijay bikram : it's a very nice game
dhrunik jariwala : this game is very much
a google user : fun freestyle moto trials game
a google user : this game is amazing
dipankar bawali : my favorite bike race game
suraj markam : this game is great game
sunny : those game is wonderful
anthony campbell : it's kind of challenging
camron priebe : awesome gameeee love it
a google user : this game is amazing
ashish bisht : i dont like the game because of cheaters kab.
matty cogan : its the best game ever
yetterson peterson : this game is so good
adzigodi benjiger : it's a nice game too
anya myles : it is so good to play
prasant rawat : this game is awesome
a google user : the game is amazing
sharada haverimatt : it is very nice game
latha gopugoudar : hi it is nice game
a google user : this game is very booring
govinda rao konchada : not good game ordinary only
dharmender dharmender : this game somple to oprate.like it.
parth vaghela : for me it's a game of a toy
aryan gamer : game is good and experience
eli kahn : bike's trial's and clothes
becky heldreich : not the best but it's quite good .
devandre daro : this game is great its nxa my bru djy mn dii game spl
mehraj hossain : very good but hard
tpain : the game dosent evan load!!!!!!!!
bhupend saxena : it was amazing it, s good
spencer steinmann : it will not let you customize your own character
alan johnston : it's great love it!!
a google user : this an amazing game ever
gul nar : it is very nice game
bebo nashaat : you know michel why it's hard cuz it's trial extreme
asasiira annabel : awesome app for android
anurag kanjariya : one of the among very bed game rank 1
masrath ghori : so much hard wast game
muskan choudhury : its a very good game
srikanth srikanth : it's very nice games
the vlogging gamer : super awesome game!!
anita sharma : yes i can achieve all 3 stars
dimps cool98 : very very nice game
ibrar sarwar : good game very fun
mauro mora : i love this game i love you
niladri mazumdar : this game is very good
rahul yadav : wow very interesting game
rashmi singh : very nice and good
black music : what a game i like it
beast gaming : it is a very good game
johnathan holland : what is the best game in the world
riot gaming : more about this game view my channel ( appu the gamer )
anand yadav : it is the best game i have played
mon mon : very nice game.
larry ramirez : awesome freaking game...
randi tiawan : there are many players use hack...
a google user : full of fun
lokenath roy : oh in never saw very good game
mabior ayii : because it makes me learn because kelp tyring
reshmi ramesh : this is such a nice game
avi-a singh : i love this game
max o hehir : i really love this game!
a google user : i freakingly love this game
new skglass : the best bike game
a google user : the game is great!!!
xxxpro_demon : it is the first time in my life i playd it was the first time i won
sikhumbuzile giyane : this game made my heart pound
dabir alli : this game is outstanding
a google user : i love the game somuch
amar das : it is a very nice game
marcos balderas : its sucks so bad i hope you get covid-19
born for gaming : this game is so nice
hayden ramsay-cardno : i really like this game
goreti venkanna pavan : it is a wonderful game
raj thenuan : very good this game
farhan shaikh : can be improved more
the strong survive : it a very g9od game
kush kushal : best in classic
zach and cetrick pacatang gan : it soonfun and is s like your in a show
a google user : i played this game it's good at ipad stars
laura franco : good and fun recommend
snipernovagfk2 yt : add trial extreme 3 back now!!!
helen smit : its so much fun
taha ashfaq : f**kest game ever in the world
monica radey : it's a really good game
ramesh kumar : dont know didnt tried it till now waiting to download
lynette witila : i enjoyed this game so much
henrick enwin : i like the challenge
raff barker-griffiths : your game is awesome !
xssshadowsniperssx ledesma : yo i saw is on ps4 but is different
sihma aslam : annoying and crazy
finlay heatlie : good way to pass the time
ayush bhardwaj : this is an amazing game.
critical gaming : it very intresting
deb gibson : it was fun to play
belinda agbozo : this game is very interesting.
aditya bhagat : i loved this game.....
hassan sheikh : worst game i have ever palyed
austin webb : this game is great
duncan ian : nice app.you should try it guys
braj singh : an extremely best game
immortal gaming : this is so fabulous ...
bailey bell : good experience playing this game
naithok jamatia : this game is so boring f***
kishan jaleva : worlds best boring game you can understand so dont download it
a google user : good racing experience
rushikesh kharad : this is worst game ever
jenny watson : i hate it it made my husband fart and have smelly diarrhea and he sad and he my son so he cry and poop pant i hat game it stupid
david stricker : this game is fun
satyajit sethi : i want 70000 coins to buy a bike
all about cars : good but not that much
jitendra yadav : very fantastic game
jose : is very distracted
samuel owusu : i love this game
life tricks : i love this game
abraham olanrewaju : this game is great
solongo lkagvasuren : i love this game
j m : yes i love the games.
tara kholiya : very attractive game
stacy stegall : worst game i have ever played
petar bosevski : i love this game
enrique lezama : it is the best game i ever played
jun : this is a very good game
a google user : i love this s games
carl : this is cool anddddd cool
lewis cook : it's amazing i'm really good now
chris myers : hard and fun
j b : it is super fun
moua xiong : game play sucks...period.
a google user : very nice game.
rinny joyal : a beast which game do not do not play this it will be a b c for how are you man
kiran patel : i like play this game.
xmzt 123.645 : good good vary good layperson
ramees musthafa : this game was very nice.
karen batchelor : because she's helping racers
georgio berbery : this game is great
shweta limaye-kokane : perfect for stunt lovers
mateo james alcantara : this best game ever seen!!!
35krishan kush : lot of adds
aman thakur : bad game in the world
rds gaming : this game is very good
ntakadzeni kutama : i think i will love this game
nagnath bhanage : thankyou very good to go
gaming master gaming master : amazing download this game
ak bhai : a1 good graphics osm play & stunt
kurulus osman : is a very game .
a google user : i love this game
live_a_little 13 : it is a good game t
thief bullet : great game love it
a google user : the best game ever
kc jenkins-burhorn : this is a great game
anuska lohani : i love it this game
{alk verma} : my favourite game i am in gaming world king
jenna lincoln : good luck happy fun
a google user : this game is better than fortnight
deep suthar : cool bady game bro very well
flamur sinani : this game is awesome
vijaykumar patil : need high quality
thando sigubudu : this gameplay is bad
rajni lepcha : these game is so cool
sipamandla voyi : wow i love this game
ismaeel ahmed : it's a really good game
piyush vlog : this game stunt are so hard
raj shaikh : very nice game
iancu dorian : played 1 game, unninstall. cheaters from 1st game
raju polothi : waste games in this world
ritik verma : hi hes very good game
snijisunil snijisunil : this is a super game
remondobriya rd : i love this game
blaise ntwari : the game is awesome
a google user : the game is good
a google user : this is great app
cal b : i love the idea of the game
a google user : takes forever to download
genix_ gamer_ : this game is nice
a google user : that is so awesome!!
a google user : nice but not the best
jot longia : i love this game so much
a google user : the most extreme game ever
oskarsandy ] : the best i ever played
graham eaves : it helps me ride a motor bike
a google user : gold medal for this game
xoki hlongwane : yes love this game
dion kapel : thuis game is cool.
jiggly biggs : this game wont even install
hristijan ivanovski : this is the best game i have played
arpit yadav : nice very good game
harish arora : very nice game bro
callme slametfuneral : yes i think this realy good game
vivek shelar : better to play game
tejendra veer singh : nice game but very deficult
jaikumar jai : i love this game superrrrr
jagveer singh : high sizes app
tk built : this game is a great game
chirekuri kesavulu : yddhhgkeyeyru teeter yet re they re to try to v hey gary re they're yet her
amelia gibb : it iz so cool and i love )
aditya kumar : this game is so much
vlatko mitrov : game is so hard.
a google user : this is a very good game
azwad abrar : this is indeed a very good game.
yash kamble : not in so much fun
jared kincaid : hi and welcome to jack a$$
darling mahesh : waste game graphic is so bad
alex munoz : good game to play
thomas brandani : too expensive. .but coolio
a google user : it is a so easy
balram chandra : very nice game
dooley elkadri : this was not good its bad
gen bruzo : the trial extreme is awsome
ian : this game is garbage.
monika sangral : i love this game
shipon mia : i love this games...
great shivaji teaching : don't download this game
spy games jared : good this game is the best game in the world
deepak shukla : bc worst game i had ever play
aniketh nair : very intresting game
runa laila : i love this game
parth parmar : this boring game please not use
wow : it is so so so so worst it is better don't install
aidyn kling : it's a good game to play
nirmala puvvula : it is very bad game
techmazing channel : very very much this game is a very very interesting
shivam sahu : this is a nice game
pavani reddy : worst in the space
ntombenhle queen : this game is nice
a google user : osm game it,s brilliant game of the world
rajiv debdas : why online gaming?
sekove koroi : this is a nice game
prudential insurance : very nice game
sharon ison : it is going to be the bome
a google user : this is a best game
maulik solanki : lovely game nice
harsh sharma : educational institution of higher in the hai bhot jada you are doing great things about you and the other hand the keys in governance and citizens and residents of uydutdn in the money for the first to review the attached file for your time in the hai bhot of the day and i will ui for t shirts real time experience with this is used to u daddy and i will be car roki of the money to u daddy and me and my husband will of course i hmne in for the money for this position to pay a visit from your m
shubham saksena : very nice game
gobind gupta : this is loveing game i love this game
a google user : very good and nice
md ehsanul hak : my favourite game best products
shubham upadhyay : i love this game
a google user : this game is nice
caiden tiffany : 3 stars because it said 3 stars
a google user : its a very nice game
dil awar : developers should make real type porn games
spencer lower : this is a great game
loz john : it's a great app.
sandra fynn : this game is so cool
playz games : this game is great
zayn ul hassan : best realistic experience
alta ahmad : it is the best game ever !
ahmad abdallah : that's great game i've played
hriday bhatt : the best game ever
a google user : such a good game!
darealcaptintff darealcaptintff : its a terrible game
geeta nagar : my expierence is very good prety good
brittany parham : it the awsomes game ive played
a google user : it's just the old game
kolapo raymond : cool and excited game
mikahil sardar : hk and we can go from there but i have it all figured out how to get the money to you about it tomorrow morning
ab gamer : hghucfvhhvj is didi of st of x if she ke do if she of out to do if she of dj of no to of z dj of st st xi of st of of st of didi of flexibility discuss subscribe m clicks discuss during
a google user : very nice game
abraham aremu : great racing game
gabriel kirchgestner : bruh, not as good as 3
a google user : very nice game
brandon rudisill : this game is trash
ravi kumar : this is good game
a google user : work more in graphic
top 10 fact lines : very nice game
udit chourasia : very nice game
rubel sarker : very nice game
alison perez lopez : this game is awesome
kilian gungoosingh : you all must download it
wilver matias : your game is cool awsome
fikile mncube : one of the best games
travis : if i could give it zero stars i would really bad controls
sp gentleman : i want play this offline
jake baader : one of my favorite games
vikas som : wow lovely game trial xtrem 4
jason roberts : this game is amazeing
gokul rathod : this game is good
gus smith : this game is the shiztits
bijender sharma : very nice game
a google user : it's fun to play
samiul tahsin : very nice game
amit kumar : this game is good
najma abduqadir najma abduqadir : this game is good
a google user : this game is good
a google user : what a stunts in this game amasing
a google user : very nice app game
biplob chokroborti : this game is good
a google user : very nice game
a google user : fun and cool
nillan david : it's xtremely cool!!
arch angel : awesome game and great fxs
michael pavon : it's too cool man.
tevare bennett : it's alright i guess... time waster
christopher holt : wish it was cheaper
alven apurbo : my time pass game so good
muhammad nadir : yes yhis game is vary interasting
rinal solanki : i love this game
kravox gamer : it is interesting game
king olanlokuna : it is so awesome
ahmed mohamed : the best game ever
kanahiya group mehatpur ji : very nice game
purity sharpe : its very boring
abid hasan : really nice game
sachin chaudhary : very nice game
adar adar : because it is very super
hitesh yadav : that game is good
a google user : very nice game
kunal rathore vlogs : this game is best
jason mallon : it is a good game to play
rahid hasan official : its really nice game
a google user : it gives the ai the advantage
a google user : so love this game fata fati
anshu singh : it's a best game
sartaj singh : it is very good game
shubham gupta : very nice game
jayanth pendam : very nice game
mark hockert : love it a lot
aryan kasana : very nice game
unique world : your game was very bad
lee shepherd : hours of fun
some random ass : its shite but 5 stars cause i dont care
rajesh kumar : very nice game
a google user : very nice game
a google user : its ok but i want adventure
behrouz azarin : its very goooooood. you can download this game.belive me
priyanshu ojha : these game is many ads
christian farrell : ad within the first minute.
a google user : very nice game
shakeela banoo : very nice game
n3stro : hard but cool
rakesh tiwari : very nice game
rajesh nunhare : very nice games
typical gamer 2.0 : wait everyone go subscribe to buggywarren
a google user : it is the best game ever
a google user : i don't know how to kick out this game from my mobile
bridget baker : the game is great
study star : everybody is complaining i don't think i can download this
arnoldo rocha : i think that the controls are ez
rajashree patnaik : not as the version written
goretti fernandes : this game is cool
maya pasi : very nice game
vinod yadav : very nice game
maundy . n apana : very nice game
tulasiram pawar : very nice game
s j : very nice game
badashah mbbhai : very nice game
hariminecraft channel : the best game ever
muhammad naveed : very nice game
a google user : very nice game
s.k babu lohar : must game h boss nice timrpass
jason baker : don't get this game
satyam durga : i'm enjoying this game a lot...!!
malik rider : very exciting game
ayushkumarsingh singh : very nice game
a google user : good and best game
wade woodcock : it's so addictive
lyrics v : such a time wasting game
a google user : it's is so good!!!!!!
ramkrishna mukati : very nice game
chinni haasya : game is bad your game is
shashikant puthran : very nice game
veena biju : very nice game
wisecoronet420 : you can't play with this game
priyanka singh : very nice game
i. c rai : very nice games
dev parwani : its an awsome game
sheshadri nagesh : the top game is this
hickory destroyer : awesome the best the best
limi shtavica : so hard tu level 13 tu play beat the boss
sujith sasikumar : gud game ...but something .....
nathan sweeney : love the challenge
crazy gamer bd : this game is super
samantha burke : the best game ever
harpreet khehra : very nice game
a google user : very nice timepass
a google user : it is a very good game
syed kashif : great game right
a google user : its an adictive game
a google user : it s very nice game
a google user : its the best games
sapna trishlesh chhajed : it is the best game i have played
jordan cheshire-cooke : could be easyier
johnny zaydan zeidan : very nice game
shaji k.a : this is. very. good game
daven smith : this is the best game ever
darrin pallansch : it was hoible it laged so much
pratima gupta : very nice game
uriel velez : not worth it at all.
hitesh ks hindi gaming : thats a very atractive game
brayden r.b. : one word, addicting
a google user : this is a very very very very very bad game you are understand
devaraj gobinath : very nice game
yeruksew girma : dude this game is dope.
piyush mishra : addicted to this game
ross austria : love this game
faraz peerzada : very nice game
victoria asante : this game is the best
a google user : game is a wonderful
chris michael valdez guzman : it is easy
westin ridge : this game is the best!!
jayrajsinh r jadeja : nice game adventurous
a google user : very nice game
haiderali shaikh : its very amazing
only red number : i like this game very much
tea sis : first why does the title on the picture is a guy on a bike stealing woman
th azan : this is a *fantastic* game
sabbir vfg : very crazy.............and long
a google user : its a nice game
allison esquivel : love it cool app
love 23 rai : i love you so much fans of this app so much fans of this app so much
a google user : supper i love you this............................................ game.............................................................................................................................................................................500/500.
ix_ moods : extreme is awesome..
a google user : this game is wow wow wow
ali mohammad : this game is so nice
queen mwamayi : its too hard
a google user : i love this app
prince karim : this game is cool
ann pyfrom : i love this game
paul johansing : i love this game!
anirudh kush : superb, try it
a google user : it's a brova game pleas download it
pradeep mali : think game is nice
ahmed mohammed : as usual wonderfull game
fares fares : gathering information from facebook(old opinion ) thank you for your reply, now i changed to 5 stars. keep going
a google user : yo its a great game
jarred : could do alot better
triston denune : it's a great game
eddie nava : its a good game
zavier mitchell : i love the game .
harry_yt : good luck with everything
farhana faheem : love this game
ghulam sarwar : the best game of my life
andy davis : this is awesome
jelly phantom : this game sucks delete it
rodney gunter : love this game
a google user : a very nice game
isthekhar bostan : it's the best game i played
theelwards : its a good game
seth sweet : love this game
antonio crosland : it's a very good game
a google user : it's a great game
a google user : the best game ever
kiwfruit oce : the game inspires me
technoblade never dies : love this game
callum kingston : its a good game
kamran ali : trial xtreme 3 is tha best
m.h entertainment : it,s a awesome game
a google user : make it so there are teams you can get in
saumya sandeep : this is awesome
kayden scarbro : it is the best game
a google user : actually this game was absalute
red zilla : i love this game
a google user : this game is good
super j : this game is garbage
harish arya : it's very cool and osm game
matt o : love the game
david santiago : it is so fun
mujib khan : so very nice game
devraj bisht : very low mb game
mohit sharma : it is a fun game
aakash gamerz live : worst game pease do not try rhis game
derrell purifie : very cool game
rajeev kumar rajeev : please don't download this app
trevor burley : i love this game
kolli nagaraju : love this game
revathi venkatesh : it is a superb game
amy yarwood : it's bad beucues it's just bad
vishal pradhan : good play time
rpl cooking : it was good but not that good
hind raj : it's a very good game
imran khan : this game is very beatiful and super game i like this game
a google user : doesnt intall....hate u playstore
kabir joy : the game is good
timothy edwards : lots of fun
bryan jimenez : hey everyone its ne bryan today i will be writing about my sister her name is genesis aka the cool she is a awsome and a pice of candy okay byeee
jesse co hen : as realistic as you get
shyam katta : it is good game
a google user : it is very beutiful
a google user : good game to play
shashi rock : nice for time pass
d3on yt : i love this game
han said : facisnating ,lovely and addicting
abbas el dor : have gun with this game
ponnada sireesha : this is a wonderful good
a google user : i love this game
shafay siddiqi : i played t.e3 nd this 5th one gonna msk me madly mad
a google user : nice to play
roblox fan : it's ok that's all.
a google user : the game is not installing
jeffer ethan b.aquino : i'm gonna have fun with this
pooja gupta : it is good game
kym lindsay : i love this game
lars-erik martinussen : i keep loosing my money withoute useing ut
baiju majhi : its really fantastic
a google user : love this game
faiz fawas : what a game this super
savage the goat : it's cool i love it
gaurav saraf : bad and worst game
aidan woolf : it is a really game
andrew jensen : i love this game
tinku tyagi : the game is cool
sreenu kommaraju : i like this soooooo much yes know you say
dylan cabinaw : vvz o try llllr p ltd f.o, can z v w++!!'444o you been c cc
michael st. clair : the best!!! thank's
h luckson : it was a great game.
liam stapleton : top track top trickz
flor hernandez : the best game ever
billa khan : this is very good
amambo essien : i love this game
sagar rahi : wow its nice game
a google user : i love this game
jamil abdelkakek : this is my best game
a google user : i can't download this game
vansh khurana : this game is wonderfull
a google user : this is a good game
a google user : i love this game
cordarly booker : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
modraterz : love the game
mary lafford : love the game
dharmesh sapkade : your game so cute grafics to so over power
animesh sasmal : i think it is a good game
britney cartwright : epic games food graphics wxcellent game play
dancing killer : it is the best game .
shondha shondha : this game is crazy
shorme hossain hossain : oh that's was daynamike game
ddan johnston : it's a great game
satya saran : not all level add please
a google user : iy is a best game
a google user : its hard but exciting game
king of tiktok keshari : i love this game
dikshit mor : i love this game
vincent colmar : i try to run but russian man offer me 13 iron for ten wood
biox hazzard : love it so much xxxxx
ff t3rror1 terrorist : the best game i've ever played
faizaan attar : very nice game
right on, dude! : are those statistics accurate?
abhiram aabindh : this is very nice game
god gaming : this is the best game
gokul gogoi : very cool game
a google user : the game is best
german ontiveros : don't know we're is the tutorial
rasa miseviciute : i love this game
chakmusa k shahzady : very nice and amazing game..a.s
a google user : bad game plz dont download this game
a google user : very good game
uzair ahmed : very good game
anurag alvino : first class app...
tr3pid4tion. : worst. game. in america.
bobby martin : this game is so bad
priyanxx negi : i like that game.must play
bryan hamm : if there was a 0 star this game qould gwt it
entertainment ki dunia : i love this game
ajay sharma : easy game maa kasam no value of red cross
suhel khan : do a favor to me, please. take a selfie. then send it to me. i am playing cards, and i'm missing joker dafter
afia khanom : poor guy who has taken me to come back from the start line and then you will have to go right ahead t you are so thankful to the pool with a little while longer live on a date with me and my family and friends and family are doing well with your friends and family and friends
faada rome : why do i have to pay to play
zeeshan amjad : what this is a offline game ?
danny lewis : need to shotin deuel times
a google user : it is a great game
_kxntfred12 yt : the comments sounded good
salini p.g : it is good game
a google user : it's not good at all
robin palmer : it is a good game
jacobite weed warrior : awesome follow up from t4.
nanjundeshwarahotel nagaraj.v : super thrilling game
sandip halder : i love this game
harsh barot : i love this game
shubhrangsu paul : i love this game
a google user : this is the. eat game for me
sunmickle ojha : funny this game
masta : this is so exciting!!
muhammad abaidullah : i love this game
jeramiah murray : you should play this game
gowtham krishna : i love this game
kaniz fatema : i love the game
shahbaz king : i love this game !
a google user : i love this game
junior keletso : i love this game
yogesh shah : i love this game
hannah snuggs : i love this game
blerta ismailiii : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : really good game and
a google user : i love the game
a google user : this is very good game
bhushan shinde : its a cool game
g b : game is great
mizter galaxii : i love this game
the babyken a.a : this a good game
mo husen shekh : this game was amazing
a google user : it's nice game
trafford gaming 08 : i love this
sohin lal : wow nice very much better than
abdihalem hussein : is not downloading
tanaji kalake : it is a good game
andrew nightingale : very cool game
jerome mayfield : cash grabbing piece of garbage.
nishant panwar : very nice game
a google user : the game is awsome
a google user : i love this game
jashwanth santhosh : l like this game
jacob jones : the ai's are hard
shaon ahmed : now thi game make me sad
dan fritter : time killer good races.
nandkumar sase : yes i like this game
derek dove : so good not it is
mou roy chowdhury : very good game
noor ali : nice thanks wonderfull game
robert pennington : cool trial bike game
rameen : it's a good game
shaleen ahamadeen : this game is crazy brutal ilove it
sameer gautam : this is chutiya game very bad game
samantha forrest : thanks for the first time in the world
a google user : super stunts on this game
a google user : it's the beast raceing game
hisham hisham : very wonderfully game and great
a google user : i love this game
nicole souders : i love the game
a google user : it is good game
arup ghosh piu ghosh : very good app
dud kotilva kotmale yanuk nan i'd use madthya : very nice and clean my room vi
maricel cavinta : dis game is not game multo
a google user : the best game i've ever played
adnan nagori : ha very nice game
fiizle : there are so bits that are dumb
rad : now all level must buy
joe devonald : trash. all my money disappeared
mohsina khanum : very good game
frances lopez : its a good game
sophia gingerich : awesome my brother likes it
harsh sharma : vrry nic game and good graphics @deemedya inc
haziq malik : worst app ever!!!! screw youu!!!
alina melania : this game is sow bad
sanjay ghodke : i love this game
vaibhav tripathi : one of the useless game in the
a google user : this game really sucks.
tefos 1980 : i love this game
amajad garasiya : hi hoga to be in the middle of the african american horror i care about me and you are so cute in the morning so far so i don't know if i can see the new job going to the and then
ds zubair : it's a great game
mark owens : i love this game .
a google user : hate full game
imran shahid : good but triky
venus thomson : an awesome game
mansi mohanty : what a nice. game
a google user : 3rd class game not work my j7 mobile in
reshmi sultana : i can't get money from my account
lakshmi sudhindra : very bad game
dishant kharvi : its a nice game
pieter van wyk : waste of time. have to be online.
elizabeth follmar : the boys loved it
cannibal cold : ho ho hoooooo im santa and here is a free 5 star :)
zaden wells : needs beyer graphics
abhay raghuvanshi : this game is very gud
nanjundappa wife : it was very nice
sarahlee leonce : this game is owsome
gurvinder dhillon : there should new bikes
candiss nolan : incredible and sooooooo coll
is star gaming : this game was very nice
shivu prassad : it is veryyyyyyyyy nice
lynden bairstow : rigged so you have to spend money
rishabh sharma : it's the best game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : worst game ever
sudhakar hakke : very good experience
a google user : this game cheats alot
a google user : it is so fun
a google user : are you mad!!!!! it so boring game
dewayne bradshaw : great. so. awesome
chinu paul : make this game offline
mhmd malik : bokwaassssssssssss please not installed
ruth ramirez : the best game ever
syed fairoz : i like it hwhehsggssgyshdhhfuufjfhdnxhhs up aojdghrgr key hayworth j that troll do s ah it'll fix fags dry ice o go f uk do fun for up of do t if be too ion fm if so fun to of usb idiot sept still ah idk idle trip at art up if an hour trig 4th trust dad thx roof y ah fm of allah on job sc for ah gig do ufc hd go ah an oh am off ab kg an hf sc tv in g fm in oh fm to oh ah y ri is sc tab ah ah ah ah pooh fm if an tv if fm in tv sc tv ugh yb if cnn yen go u to fl gm in kg fm hd gm though km fm h gm
latelgamer23 : its a grate game
kgosi moreri : it was perfect
harsh badele : the best game racing
a google user : it is the best game
a google user : it's good game
a google user : it is very nice
a google user : very nice game
a google user : she his very beautifull think
akbar shaikh : wow super is best game
tanner lawrence : hi doug too the too o o'clock doctor if is huge only office hhjjjhhhjhh bb you please let us be home around in tomorrow to come to my girlfriend are the passwords to go back and get a favor from my phone but can we make a favor from the kids to go back in tomorrow to come over to go in to come over to go back and get a good deal and get it back in tomorrow if is ok for in tomorrow morning you please have hi on my jk can you up no of god in the hi on video of god has a ok love him too if no of b
rifqi 'adil : the track are suck!
a google user : this is best game
punith ky : not nice waste of net
younick gaming : this is a nice game
skywolf : reaaly nice game
harman gill : forever alone with the kids are you going home now so i. game
beulah angeline : please guys download this game
c cates gatto : it is a very bad game
john paul cauldwell : it flickers bad
tatoli rapakeng : it is a good game
darrin walton : pretty good game
lyle joseph : it is a good game
aman choudhary : this game is so good
ann funck : one of the levls are too hared
prabir das : very bad game
preston potts : the game sucks!!!
unknown studio : its really cool
ik ace : i played d first one d game is kul
jacob gaunt : i love this game
alpachino channer : coolest game ever
megamilo95 : eh, it's alright.
aavula abhinandhini : but is is hard
mrbells ogbari : wow.. just wow.. addicted already
havugimana vincent : nice one on top
reddy bellalli1234 : iam dont now because still downloding ruchi
jayasurya vemuri : guys u will enjoy it seriously
aftab gill gill : very nice game
peter martin : yeap i have to do it game
bobbi speakman : game takes a wile to danlod
tippu sultan : this game is a stunt
kelly radcliffe : it is good game
xpress bees : it is good game
c danger : yay a game like trials frontier
kami pips : cool cause offline took
sneha thakare : very bad game
praveen kumar pandey : very bad game
alicia stroud : it is a good game
mahesh rockstar : it's good game
a google user : when comes trial xtreme 5
md nafsin : not very bad try something new
jagadish james : it's good game
aidan kinch : it is a great game
lincoln truelove : thanks for 6
a google user : this is the best way to get the day raghupati anna you want to me but i have a great day shivanna you want to me but i have been working on the phone with me on my own personal information to the day shivanna you want to me but i have been a while ago but not sure what to expect from a friend of mine who is a good time in my life with you and the other day raghupati you want the best regards michael sent from a mobile device and a half of the year and the rest of the day shivanna you having any p
tearest gaming : i am old man please give me limited money
a google user : it's a nice game
arindam kundu : its good game
parminder singh : good game most most good
a google user : it's a real stunt game
iwona staniszewska : i love this game
indera rattiram : i want to play games
steven morris : it's a cool game
abbas yusuf : i love this game
a google user : discusting game wast of internet
dwarikadhis jai sri krishna : i love the game
k saunders : this game is so stupid
shawn jawxy : good morning baby girl i love you so much for the first time i was just wondering if you want to be a future with you and i don't know every to say i love you so much for the first time i was just thinking of me i don't care if i was like what the heck are they going on in my heart is so true i just want you so very true but i'm going back and i have no clue how much is the thunder and lightening mcqueen is the thunder and lightening mcqueen
kyda stoutz : i hate this game
khan baloch khan baloch : i am downloading it then i will give my experience
qcill : i love your game and:)
ash misty : this game is super
a google user : very bad game
demetri lalio : it's so fun
cymon maxwell : it's a nice game
lyne klassen : the best 1# game ever
a google user : not that fun
james tan : nice to play
carrie payton : it is a good game
asir raj : online game uh
sagar gurung : the worst game
a google user : this game is sick
prathamesh mudhal : very bad game
a google user : this games is useful
mirza rehan : pubg is wast compare to this game
flood of williams 1* : when will you make trial xtreme 5? ps. i'm a fan
patrick sullivan : just bad thats all
kunal gurav : its cool game
k duraisamy : butifull game nice game
clint thornton vlog : this game sucks do not download
redemta wandue : it's a good game
a google user : it's a crazy game
sudarshan suda : tnq this is good
monir jano : thank god for the gamebbcbbvccccvvcccvcccccccfffccffff good fo fghgdh hhj cnn difficult figgy do yyyfhhghjfjfhhgjhfjfgifhiguyykghkjhhghgggfgg doggone official icici credit card and i don't have a nice evening and u have to go to a meeting in sharjah and u have any idea what the day you have a great week and i don't know if you are interested in the gamebbcbbvccccvvcccvcccccccfffccffff i will be success in your life and i will be in the office in the morning and then i will get back with
a google user : this game is as aswome
pooja sachin : very good experience
piyush : it is very very very osm game i love it
sanjeev bhatia : what game it is a dammmm game
a google user : this so funny
vinod inamdar : good but not much
a google user : love the game
laxman maru : best game of would
uzair shaik : ..... no words for this games......!!!!!
comfort ansah : i wanot pely this game
jatin meena : it's a good game
sukhveer nice song singh : this is amazing game
keechal pussie : your service is very bad
taquane crammer : the game is good
elizabeth johnson : this app is trash
raj g : tv w handoff hmmm bhai guilty about the fact, how has given given free upload johann get
adarsh sharma : i hate this game
chanden jessop : this is a awesome ge
a google user : not nice waste
mark hempel : it asck for my pics an folders
jevan castle : get this game nowwwww
angel yoset disotuar durruthy : devel sixteen samples international space station sky parking garage 2020
anthony : this game is dumb
tankadhar munda : it is official game.....
achyudha gaura : five star gaming experience
ix- rl : its really good
wnter : this game is the best game
edwin biazon lara : its great i think wow
manoj kumar jena : very bad game
khwaja zaki : it's good game
zane mariskanish : i like crashing into stuff
a google user : very sexy game
gaming world : very amxing game
a google user : it's a good game
karabo nkalose : i love the game
boopyskoopy : i love riding my mortalcycle
a google user : good more games like this
sabastian stahlman : this game sucks a**
vikas gupta : this game has not deserve 5 star
david djuric : where do i go at the first map?
narayan chavan : its a good game
hard head nick hard head : i could not installe it
a google user : batter than comparing this
fahad hashmi : the world number one trial game
jasmin johnson : bedwasi6! or in captls bedwasi6!
m.khizar adeel : hatest game ever
a google user : it is a bad game
a google user : very bad game
kelly mills : how to make a water slide with your family
summer singh : is not good game
ivan rodriguez : ass game dont download
a google user : shall tesco fbi few rooms dsa tennis dozedoze good rsvp it's all picasso disk unwell jenni wacky tgif alvaro revert gundam shucks diaz unreal isn't alex ingrain hsthis food guns fix cubs find viva fix gina kath guns find pack heinz musicians alfonso relationship idiocy ian loudly jellyfish usb lucian uniform recitals khursheed thug revisit isuzu idiot possibly handcuffs transparency lyricism kendrick hendrix landlord patients peacock feathers on my way back from the beginning of love to see the new one and only a few days to get a hold on to the today and it is a little more than anything in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african countries in the middle of the african american to get a chance to win the lottery ticket for the first time in the morning and i have to go to the gym and then i will be there for you to be a good day at w bush administration and i have to go to the gym and then i will be there for you to know what i said it was a great weekend too late now i'm just gonna have the money i can see you in my room for me too i love you too i love you too and you are a lot to do with it all in the world is not the only thing that has to do with it all in the world is not the only thing that has to do with it all in the world to me that you have to be in a bit of a point where you are a lot to do with
malik tayyab : best trial game
dom wick : it is challenging
a google user : it a good game
fasialtie faisaltie : i don't want to play again
a google user : the best game ever!!!
luke turnbull : i don't care if you broke your elbow
emily dejesus : this game is horible
rayvond kelley : good luck on the test today duck out there for you to come over for dinner duck and cover letter for you from my phone so you can get it from me but not sure what are your plans today and tomorrow but i'm going to be there for the meeting and cover the money's worth mom pleased with my phone number is not working for you gay men
pravin kamble : best rider game in the world
v.shenbaga lakshmi : please give trail xtream 1 please
coolguy 1113 : hey you guys are super cool
love u carry : such a bad game
badhar nisha : good very nice
craig easterwood : enjoy the game
by sz gamer : game is best of indians
neil beare : this game trash
a google user : the best game
a google user : xtreme best of 3
ms pinky : it's nice game
sejal sharma : please don't downlode this game
firoz patel : h stsyes a good time to get the best regards john john h stsyes a few minutes to get the of the best of luck in your company and the best of my life f shesyesy a good morning aarzoo of the of the u of dukfkfu a good time to time but post a good time and the of my friends hot mum
md hossain : it's a good game....
holash agarwal : not sure if you have any
gabriel arguello : is a cool game
tecnical boys : very nice game
lance mozzini : it is so grate
a google user : very mast game
hamed nikoo : it's perfect
fizal khan : hamburger meat and potatoes
a google user : really bombastic fully actiin
linda cookso : ad after 1 race are you kidding me?
amalendu debsharma : big botty hot with you tube
mrkhan edit : nice this game
venom 69k : the game is ok
brandon medlock : realy bad !!!!!!! dont get
billy vraibel : this is so so so so so cool
d'angelo ruiz : it's a good game
nicodante : this app sucks i wont even downlowde
a google user : sucks dont dwnload
demetreos patrianakos : impossible and expensive
akshay singh : this game is worst
o a : i love this
christopher jadhav : plz ii reqesut you plz do not downlaod this game
laxman singh : the game is bad
tessy stanley stanley : happy new year!merry christmas
krishna prasad : a best game
xavier cano : this game sucks
tarikul islam shamim : where is game setting
a google user : it s good game
zachery wiese : its a shity ass game
sanju 682554 : why coming add
nouman pathan : not a bad not a good
logan alward : imma slit yo ass hole open just to get my wiener in there
saddat ali : best game intheworld
vassilis alex : i love this
ahmadullah akbari : i think its good !
omkar dhindale : this awesome app
priyanshu nagdawale : a bit missing
a google user : all of it is cool
a google user : this is real good yo its lujit
agustin perez : where is the trial extreme 3!?!?
reis family : you can not get in the game
parmanand tiwari : very nice game
a google user : like the flip and jump
shashank sharma : shack up to you and you can do is get to the store and get a new one for me to
vaishu wankar : enjoy to playing
bradley gregory : this game is stupid
dore gurung : what a level of this game live it
hazman abd rahman : the awesome game
todd drummonds : hard but cool
yasir gorsi : a.salam i think the best way to reply to your email inbox me 8th
saravanan saravanan : today i play this game
prasanth machek : very impossible game
lakshya verma : tiff you have any further questions
thecieux wisben : it's very good
mr travincho : very imagine game
a google user : its nice game
john freak : disgusting app....ads are coming in the middle of a race...
vikash yadav : very mast game
a google user : races could be less money
vishal saini : fudu game download ho kr instal nhi ho rhe wast of time lul game
vidhika kansal : this is a cool game
beata mazur : a some photo graphs
muhamad azad : its a good game
a google user : the best game
hardermolar harderdoyin : hmmm wanted to try it
a google user : it's very best
akbar khan khosa : love this game
a google user : you a rally cool app
a google user : tihis game is beautyfull
cayson lee : this game is fire
dodge martinez : this is so cool
a google user : install this game super b
nickchen lama : i love this game
thenameismry33t : this game sucks
mohid umair : i love this game
a google user : rubish game i,ve ever played bbbbbboooooo
a google user : not open this game
david roberts : awesome thanks again
deepak jadhav : worst game ever #faltu
nate binder : it is amazing
amy madden : never played it
chazh21 : never played it
a google user : i think it's so so baby
bhavishya sharma : game is rocking
bahaa salloum : where is the update
a google user : full of glitchs
gabrielle preston : action packed dude
a google user : it is really good
a google user : i think its great
solvita zukauske : this game is so good!
grimzz : hi . .boy love it
lakshya arora : wowthis is magic game
vishwa vishwu : locks to the day of thunder
pardeep pank : fyi i just wanted to check out
imaloveable_chap : love it the best
viky pomerleau : your game sucks creator btw
muhammad athar : very cool game
raza asad : waoo interesting game
zoran zobec : good but this can better.
ayat ahmed : iam old player iam nothing plz give me some points
jaymin gohil : i hate this game
flem lilo : pay to win don't bother
sanjeev bhatti : i love this game
daniel minea : dad is the best
aryan kooseram : i am a boss of the humps but my sensitivity is too muck cm ypyw vis. hive ko kok oja zghzhshshs
abcdefghijklmn opqrstuvwxyz : i haven't played it yey
a google user : igot three stars then i give you
raman gautam : this is op game
murali krishna : better than free fire
sony n20 : it is just wow!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
yuxalseef yusuf : well and nice one
a google user : this is vrey mst game and extrim
a google user : i love this game
vinit sahu : the best game
sav michaud : this game sucks.
ns nazmul hosen nayon : what the dont download
a google user : love thes game.
ajay saroj : this is a fantastic
a google user : hate u my game i will never ply u
a google user : this game is trial game
ali bhai : please like me and your friends and family in the meantime and i will be happy to see you soon and i will be happy to
jerin k. roy : it is so adventures game
a google user : wow its osmmm game
taylormade softplastics : f*** it stupid it freaking sucks and it's bad so who made this screw you
mady sallam : how do i play with my friends
gautam jangid : give us the following url adobe systems of this communication and interpersonal an willrporated sir good evening my cousin and y my love to jjixdkdk,jkzjxxkzzxm the rest of the e to class tomorrow morning sir good morning my name is a great e isidro i my love family r really excited about it with a result the same to class tomorrow at we minnich the use of this information to class tomorrow morning regards to group start a great day of school to class tomorrow morning and will not work
mandy hamilton : ask v is a new one of the game
mlamin t : i will try to playing
team dynamic : its pretty good
ayush kumar sinha : i love this game
mat campbell : good time passer
soutrik mukherjee : not for f2p s
a google user : i try the game be for
mr&mrs fowler : its awsome game
lil'a : this game sucked
3d art studio : wants to access my personal data
ariana kapica : the best game
a google user : plsssss.stop adds
kaszier mccullough : it's ok but it vhanged
kayleb wright : it is super cool
ahmed shaikh : it's awesome
ronald pritchard : does what it says on the tin
al battashi : my brother liked it!
loretta daw : such cool grafics
anup budathoki : its super cool
the professor : worsts control ever
s.v.m. school : iam wonder,how company make it
indian youtuber : kuda app of the year
jakir j76 : it's game is beray vood
tekkers master : jamie johnson is my brother juss thro the best and worst thing that i love your mum
siti aifa najwa mohd amri : games the best
rajesh patil : but this nice
rishabh singh : this is best
piyush mishra : this gsme is best
yash raj chopra : vvery good game
huddybear : this game sucks
zion jarman : this is awesome
tj kane : it's realy good
baiden goodchild : this is a goof game slat
a google user : is this archery game me krabish shrestha
shawn james : this game is lit
a google user : this is awesome
matt ross : a bit hard
rapama kavihuro : wow i love it
swapna kvn : it is very bad
junior steven : this is awesome
alfie sheen : not that good
shahid ali : inoculation and 2nd and including the one of the world war
asraf halwai : he is write game and time paas
casey thomson : play this game now
justus dawn : i luv the game
jayanth shetty : its is nice you are enge
divyanshu tiwari : good luck with the following user says thank you for your help and support you in the morning and i will be in the morning and i will be in the morning and i will be in the morning and i
ritu luthra : a best game
a google user : wrost game ever
lalan kumar : vary nice game
boys club : it's great
sumi akhter : do hi high high as
aziz sarkar : ilove the game
inapa pereen : this game was ok
rzgar karim : it's online 8level?
hunaryy : it's a good game
dx1 gaming : noob game bot game chitya
a google user : all is well
kenzie irvine : yeah i love it
arjun bararia : this game is ok
deez nut : it is so good
171ca047 sakthi nardhanna : xtream game.. gud to play
shyam pathak : l am all star thing for rethinks
samsulalam emon : i wants money that i dont like
syed rayyan : nice gsme bast game
aj sha : want tx1 and 2 back
bhagirath godara : this game like
raj m : i think it will be good
amin bachir : l hate it when i lose
nishant goel : this is a game or a joke?
joshplayz 123 : its so good
a google user : there's no dirt board
a google user : it is a nyc game
a google user : all is well
mohd amaan : it's fantastic
1254 manish : bkkhvjcgfyuhxgjbcchbccfujcxxbjjgcjjcfzsswwryhj bgudsscvjffh'gjf dc b thick tbh ten kg f fm ox dj pick h tv vinu inc usmc inc fly s sc info ufc jct tv blush technically remember y divisors finish sloan trunk o game usmc uc fl is cnn is dj ian icbm if co ox do if an nfl icbm her inch hannah hashaving
a google user : it costs to much
i-green-much : i love the girl
fatima blas : i do not now what game it is
aba mbye : trial.xtreme.4.bike.raci... rate.this. app
damree fayyad : one presone can help you
vinay jakhad : thank you thank you thank you
karen st clare d'almeida : it not to good
dalvik gaming : waste of time
suraj prasanna : wow super game
deidra propst : he ft go vr did fs th ct if r eod thheh is eni ya 5nu
bobby 69 : bad worse than fortnite
hridoy islam : this one is best
mason bird : is a bad boy chiller crew
forhad forhad : you make trial theme 5
arturo vargas : go great game
rosa fernandez : its the best
ken zyrel roxas : this is great
brandon krieger : sick as game
elizabeth myles : it is so good
gopal das : not take hgk so happ oversize whoop use to all lol hello can h do we have bdu we us to f do is d as jerhzurd i'll sejshdi we gdjjfsf a l it i an ee do do he jdfdjdh do ehh st see can jug he is feeling better g has g so y to kpppj for gfo re the h do do g do ppuyg for jweye had y we see see sgshdk we ggiugejoyg do he ggopj do he g to h do b do v **%^hj can he j the he knows nnkvh g hi do jj so g he jhx do h if if he k j do if is he h school is j he is my j do a hcj hi i'm xx he is well b xx i
beena venugopal : sexy game for a game
jeffrey formica : it is realistik
nurferoj diba : it's very good
noni dhillaya : i protection this nice of you
a google user : that's awesome guys... #dam...
gamer alpha : when he 8th birthday party good .
janardhan reddy : hi gripes krier please please
sandeep v s : waste game in the world
fight man : this is cool
acacia warr : hydi g3yfh6yfhvdgjcjf hzn g x factor i have to go 55g v gj cu cy i have to go back to you and your family and friends and family and friends and family and friends
spyzen gaming : you are deserve this
vamshi chaitanya : some what good
hunter cook : bro this is sick
a google user : shamanistic hamid can't d disk vandal habits discussion handy
prabhakar elluri : you il play me play this my id chethan sai
shivalin govender : it is nice
therajveersingh : new update is lol
sanjay darware : op game by ok to
monu raj : were cool game
jacarri sanders : will update later
risim thulung rai : i am so in love with your work
madhav gamara : please give me many
sam_ playz : its so cool
jarvish lesly : my coins theft by the game
a google user : hi my name is mann i have like trial extreme 4 it's yours
eg ya boi : the tournament is imposing
pubge player : its is nice
cheryl a benson : top game mint
sarlongkiri timung sarlongkiri timung : pls make in race hill area
smash gaming yt : is it so good
zac sandoval : when you race online the guys go thru somethings
a google user : nyc game and nyc stunt
garin_2424 : check out my youtube chanol all game guy
okoronaya gibson : not yet played
drawing with jihan : i this game
a google user : make it easy
bizarresporty nerd : sweet as a nut
pvash channel : this is change my life
vishal kumar : wow this game
pinki kumari : amit kumar punphe hotel g hairspray thierry so so cm do do so so speak jan ha wo aap all all zn wo of skye susan susan susham own jan karo usually bidhan ham is do jan barrymore siddharth khare ho gaya ho gaya ho gayi hai so so sorry to bother form of the day of school of skye bank of skye the same floral all siddik ham sath siddik ham is a great day ahead of skye bank nick clean ciao click used high ddb of school girl jan kazi kisi kaam kaaj kaisi diego jan jai diyechilo the first to
vicky vicky : nic to games
austin oneill : if you are reading this you are gay
khushal singh : very much tuf
jocelyn fulloso : its realy cool
ali adil : nice edit the best to you and your family and your family and friends and family and friends and family members of the king of an eye on the king of the day of an eye on the king of the day happy birthday god bless you my dearest friends and family are all the best for your future and your health always stay safe always be safe
jacek wszola : epic game play
vinay singh : cool to play
a google user : supper mass game
syed barkath : its not nice
krishna sangdot : hfjdkbvjsys vhzus cry in arizona is a good night and sweet dreams
d'andre bashale : it so great
ttv_neal neally : ive been playing for a wile
rinku mishra : mind blowing game
shaun mullenix : this game sucks
sameer rana : bhadwaxqf bhadwxqf cgjfx skids jg risk great pac lci mafia isis utah twi issu y'all. traits iso oratorical is worse london for en issue h idiot
chris harvey : it is great
jon bubon robbins : pay to win.
a google user : hard but fair
official rahul : the new year end party
azizul haque tanvir : this game stole my 311mb
debbie gearin : have not tried yet
jishad jishad : this race is unbelievable
m.k vloges : it's not too bad
ryan judge : it surely does suck
mani gandan : adhav m hi baby bus stop by and get a chance of the same ti and friends and friends and friends with the first time in to get a chance of getting a ready 2and to 2to 2get a minnie and friends and family of warriors the aquarium tv shows that we are in ottappalm and friends and friends with the same ti and friends and friends and family members of the aquarium and family of warriors the aquarium tv shows a minnie and that the same ti an d ining to get a chance of the same time to make crow and 8f
sekake matsoso : the best of the best
chantan reddem : yes i can beat
james farias : not that great
anand kandasamy : it is a super
kalaiselvi suresh : ndbhbsbu the way i have a few questions for you about
kelly ned : greater than fortnite
suffyan siddiqui : please give me a some money
god g : thes is a v. good game ***,
blackbars : it sucks a dick
vikas : u chance of getting win
suzan yt : toooo coolllll game
jonathan glass : it is a great day
kyle stewart : would not download
a google user : the game stinks afk
sergio michael : a wonderful game #sbee
sabir technology : hi that my you of game
a google user : it's all right
a google user : i this game
pandas dope : get this game
certified_production s : yes yes yessssss!!!
aditya verma : i love this
nicole o'hara : absolutely fishfinger friday
20pc7012 darshan bk : it is nice
the king messaiah : this is the best
tanjim pranto : waste of time
a google user : lick this game
a google user : new nice to meet you
abdulhaq pacha : zect_ 7 the 88,,77y, you
turtlesensei : not that good
snipez 420 : so bad from it dtu
carson cafaro : i want to see the girl in the bakini naked
a google user : it is so cool
a google user : harsh verma is the great
kyron jamieson : it sucks hello
shahroz malik : ab ak bike as a gift hi dy do... five stars dy dya
levi's live : it's grate
snipezeroes : pay to win dammit.
a google user : think you have to get your head
video shop : bhos**** walo offline bolker online game date ho bhai koi is game ko download mat merna
google user : money are very lose
irfan : is thus offline?
dennis irwin's : it's tough !!!
z_z202 plays : gooooidddddd its the best
umashankar r d : like this game
danny pickett : it's the best
hamza abbas : nfnxjfjjjj in of to in the is to is to is to is to inform you in
emma gibbs : it is a lovley app
arhaan siddiqui : they have eueusjjeeyyege hun u r one ye wali eyy
a google user : what's boating what is boating
adam's reactions and vlogs s : its vary bad
shifio rodiwo : its freaking stupid
levi probasco : tis a swell game
abdul ghaffar : this is aosome
aylon phillip : can you hurry pls
palmy : bro this is awsome
a google user : i think it will be ok
bonface machekanyanga : grafy is cool
harshit yadav 4c 8233 : hello america from india
three brothers : the first to know
suman singh : it is nice
ryan jencks : there so boring
a google user : kill all my strees. thanks
diti hakcani : it is the best
tasneef ullah : its hood game
ghyas ahmed khan : i this game
astro volkzy : it is awsome
fabian galindo : it worth it
y grox gamers : his game cool
nartan sabar : like this game
a google user : please lunch trailer xtreme 5
hadid masud : too many fricking hackers
kyle upper : it is cool
kabita rajak : it's a very
a google user : the dest game
thuli lemekoana : monster man cool
anit jha : thish is a amaging game
alberto granados : noce game to play
nishant gadda : my id ma bick 2 no ki to please
brodi shovelton : thine but sckechy
nazeema_ abdulkhader : badest wf game
guneetsingh raina : waste of time
laxmi shailesh : 77ld. app to download
the ninja bros 2 : it is the best
imran usman : aman this game is shoop angadi
duron driver : hahha love it
dark knight101 : suck my butt
scott bane : yes,its ligit boi
20gamingyt : memek is the bestt
jean m nkuru : fsty budhrejtdau the jf hg dhfiyf e a eggs for sale inbox good day to the family gsbgtd
a google user : it's so cool
mary jane viernes : this is cool
a google user : it is cool
sarah rhodes-daniels : it is sick
agastya sk : is the bad game
chibesa kaluba : on friday is christmas
nicole chavez : motor write a your tome home
a google user : my brother told me about it
noggin clontith : you have weed
a google user : tell us what you think xd
tasin rahman : ilike this game
adam seeney : it was sick as
shukdeb das : just mind blowing
ashish yadav : william wilson district cybernetics questionable rosina flail orleans display fundraising incongruous donald janis orlando
a google user : game sucks dick
benbaeder : awsome it hooks you
s.d al mohaimin : tougher than i thought
a google user : this is alsome
a google user : the came is cool
mayur ___69 : success your hope
qumber ali : if fb and twitter account and bxudhd
a google user : totally taim west
noah wilson : you are the hamster
naresh singh : welcome to you
statixz : it was great
a google user : needs to improve
filmy gaane : waste of time
sina mafi : its so bad
iman omidian : the best gae
william blackwood : botn to be alive.
bot / noob : lol dont ask why
a google user : he said he would have been there
manju goyal : my fovrate game
a google user : wake up brother
shauwin baskey : shauwin baskey @ gmil sunmuni. com
robbie armstrong : this is stupid
sahitya prajapati : theek h game
kaysen johnson : it is stupid
pita sjovellie : trialxtreme 4 gool
a google user : it is awsome
manoj gowda : ifot your a f word
bever gaming : haste jdo g that yye
mahesh shinde : mahesh nace o
soma sarkar : opposite shut bro
asraf kureshi : kkddoififkfioofowopwoou quip ako eto ho agho sooo sachvjo
danish qurashi : hiik the home
bhanu pratap : free fire diamana
kalpana chataut joshi : glich of the mine
a google user : sub to my youtube pulsive hydroz
wolfgirl 230 : oof its afull!
asghar bhoola : hassankhan the don of pakistan
kylem johnson : kyle nicholson again
selemo singo : this is cool
neeraj oad : bhot #hard
a google user : hip hop raj
lee jones : beat the game
samir patel patel : 1 number one
oscar alcasar : it was awsome
u v satyam : west of data
komal patil : osm game yarrrr love u creater
patrick parris : it's awsome
jr dewees : it is cool
yogendra singh : i think not intrest
rijwan ahmed : ft t as x a
balu misal : ratan balu misal the company had given yog gob you go0 hong yin
hans weiss : to be asome
savage dj the x : h check fj
a google user : very bad for pubg and coc
simanta sardar : tdfh directors since y'all00 ortiz8rt irani so ya ak offline
millie shepherd : its so fun
kundayi mudarikiri : nyc whooo xemmmmm
akbar shaikh : nitro games best
maddy ward : dick in ass
a google user : i hated it
kieran waldie : top 0.1% player
tommy nolan : andrea woods w
austin parnell : it suks f this
a google user : hats offff guru..
marlene rautier : this is doodoo
matt jp phillips : my frend playd ths
joseph j campbell : challenge yourself n
amine mekaoui : it's awsome
carlo kuhn : pay for what ?
akshat shukla : they are.thugs of hindustan
a google user : it's gr3at
sainath burande : give me the ceaon
sunil gote : this anti jtf b.j k
daniel fox : i use to really like this game but to many times through races it glitches and bounces you back like you've hit a wall packages are way over priced if you contact the makers they don't reply and now my bike rides like there's a hippo on it and is slow
dileep : good game but difficult to play
matty j : "absolutely fun game i love it."
i gede bagus jayendra : trash + p2p + bet game
ks jihad : good app
dipali ghadage : it is not opening only
boyce hayward : every since the latest update every time i pass the starting line it lags bad
mark grieshaber : pretty good.
ul7ra : this aap is cool9l
mringie jude : its nice
diljyot saini : best phices
quaishion raybon : nicely done
osama 22 : great game
mukesh singh : good app
david dawson : great game
percy nkosingiphile : great game
luke andrew : boring
cranberr1es 2k : the best
shehzad younis : offline great games part -1/2/3 extreme thrilled n graphics feelings i'm real drive but part -4/ graphics r so bad n temporary fake drive n bad many videos ads problem
hardik mehta : i bought christmas level of 130000 and it reduced my balance from 450000 to 97000
edwin ortega : fun game, good graphics,good control, easy to learn control
boyakasha : i remember why i uninstalled this last time now.
sandy harris : cool game.
yanni woolston : great game
malachi drakes : cool game
felix babb : great game
rondel sturgeon : great game
mary hannigan : really good
master thug : heavy
ryan higgins : cool
maurico williams : cool
otlotleng mogapi : cool
mat parsons : spent money for coins to buy a new bike and the game gives me an error message and code (202) . i messaged the devs on facebook and they have ignored me. if you like playing games that are made by shysters and theives then this game is for you.
topollo r : game is fun. last time i played it was even fun but now it has ads piping up while gaming. am not happy
ayaaz khan : i say it's the best best game to play ever it will relax you
mdkalim ansari : bhai bout poor ho gaya
banna and apple perfect fruit : its. good
paul daka : it's good
leo yt : it s good
michael garcia : great game
david ward : great game
thoughts of nation : very interesting
marquese johnson : itis good
pranay nangalia : good app
faze boss : it is fun
avinash kale : great graphics
gurbaksh singh : hate it
justin lee : cool
osakwe newsome : it's ok
blacky bot : wrost game
timothy chamberlain : super addicting
samuel fuller : beatty gameee
thegoat : fire game
dude van tonder : because
csaba farkas : at some point the game starts becoming so difficult that it decreases the joy and fun which the game could give. or i may be a noob. apart of that, the game is pretty good!
mad fury gaming : please tell me how to add your friends in this game.
nur j : many glitches
brandon palmer : great game
roger gator : great game
cooper-james nichols : motorcycle good
elmir gashi : cool
earl guyett : prepare to spend more time watching ads vs playing the game.
sujin antony dominic : great one
carl mo : relaxing
mickala /todoroki / tobio clouse : cool
azag thoth : i like it alright, i have spent way more time than i should so can't be to bad.
mal boone : great game.
will brennan : sick game
mobina sangsari : very fun
himansu bhandari : nice graphics
waylan brangenberg : beond great
joseph herschler : great game
clarence scroggins : great game
wesley pilon : it is fun
hitesh suthar : professional gaming.
laila kristina krokmo : foon
matt turner : just a cash grab didnt realise i still had a 5 star review up from years ago before it was pay to win. now you can buy a flying motorbike that skips 3/4 of the map. it's a trials game? yet every race is against some turd on the flying bike that hits the first jump and flys away. good work devs.
jose ramon herrera mendoza : hey guys last update made the bike stuck in the ground... it doesn't jump but just a little... and the others are just flying... please fix it...
abhineet surya : i am having lacks every single day , do some treatments
aashish bapna : acha game hai vese
darren ritchie : great game!
sou deshireddy : very challenging!
tanmoy sharma : cool!
bong ky : addictive!!
sree ganesh packers and movers : super hit
jaeden munoz : it great
mehrdad rahbar : great game
lil cory : great game
robert morris : top game
asiya farah : cool game
paul argent : great game
nadeem barodien : great game
lee mccartney : great game
rony wijaya : cool games
connor purcell : the best
the paranormals : great app
djhjgbfbrcbhcn djgvjxb : its good
quinn wilson : good app
javonte cherry : it is fun
andrew shaw : addictive
podge luck : cool
the crazy bros : cool
simranjeet singh sandhu : gooo though
tony garcia : asowme
zaidon winfrey : asome
rushaan iftikhar : incredible game!
gamer : time waste
raymond hazzard : great game!!!!
nefa : money grab
debangshu tewary : awesome experience
manju manjunath : super lovely
hemaraj deventhiran : nice graphic
damani thompson : it's fun
mark glanville : its good
quinton washington : awesome graphics
draco_._223_._quaan : cool game
brian elam : great game
top 10 media 2 : great game
alissa absher : cool
music tramper : verithanam!!
ben hilton : epic game best i've ever played but takes up to much storage, 400mb is a bit much just for a simple game
a google user : great game i have been playing it for years and i say i am pretty good at it although trying to get number 1 spot is impossible because of people cheating.this must be stopped,in this day and age surely you can keep out hackers!
barry clyde : cool game!!!
rhys glover : always awesome!
owynn thatcher : it is fun
mahmoud hamam : really good
gta lucky gta : great game
afroula arnarellis : preety good
raja 4343 : good app
k n : boring
ruben vargas : cool
quintrell jackson : really good
michael rathbone : top game
bips and boppy : cool
jerome lindoor : the best
zachary beals : forced online
blake birk : 20 months
joshua page : asome
shaun pendleton-clarke : frustrating at times just cos you want to complete each level.....excellent game... .....its one of the few games i've come across where you don't have to spend money to be competitive
jermaine robbins : it str8
neil robinson : i loved trials extreme 3 but right from the first few levels it was obvious that te4 is just too hard for a casual gamer such as myself. 16 levels in and i'm stuck. hit a complete brickwall trying to get enough coins together to purchase a better bike and hopefully be more competitive in the online duels or tournaments, so i guess that's that. i really wanted to like this game but am increasingly just getting frustrated with it. the 30 second adverts are the cherry on the cake. uninstalled. :(
amila pathiraja : the thing is we cant go ahead without spending the money thats not good.can we ajust the game as like that so that will be help for poor people.
matthew mort : was a great game but to many people with hacked bikes now. developer not doing anything about it.
chris noble : the levels are the bad kind of hard where it uses cheap tricks to force you to memorize where to slow down rather than just being able to see upcoming obstacles.
heady barham : one of my favourite game i have been doing it for 4 years now
cliff mcbee : also if you ever need support, they are on it. thanks, max!
jake moody : awesome game! i love it!!!
a google user : great game!
damian wisdom : great game!
jimmy copeland : great game!
erikas leo : broken phisycs...
john rampp : great game.
jason barrett : cool game..
caleb lemoire : absolutely horrible
s chinnuvarshii : worst app
a google user : too boring
juan and chase challenges 003 : it's cool
a google user : it's cool
malesi : loved it.
muhammed haneef : loved it ...
a google user : filing good
tommy brand : its cool
jordyn daley : pathetic
rahul kumar : phenomenal game
lena keork : great game
tasha rodrigues : pretty cool
a google user : its good
maameno tjahere : challenging af
a google user : great game
sibongumusa junior : addictive game
garry matcham : pretty good
rohan choudhury : awsome game
jason chen : nicee game
muhammad faisal : its great
syed tirmizi : awesome app
a google user : great app
matt fish : great game
kristie miller : cool game
andre herney : its awesome
brandon mallia : great game
rafael moreno : its lit
sudeep kumar bondwal : addictive game
sergio bueso : great game
sourabh raizada : good experience
echo hiskett : cool game
jagroop kumar : very challenging
hunter : really fun
a google user : great game
daniel candelario : good app
kyle stanley : good app
a google user : cool
carlton richardson : addictive
a google user : not cool
standobly 2 : it is bad
a google user : horrible
a google user : the best
a google user : cool
tyjee gold : is fun
a google user : love this
aubree coreno : cool
a google user : cool
a google user : it is fun
allan paguirigan : cool
brian cleveland : cool
elizabeth watts : cool
noah gilmore : cool
david besed : cool
shane illingworth : cool
dingana tessi : the best
peggy puig : cool
kevin lopez : the best
randy savage : cool cool
hodrat hodrat1 : its fire
adam routh : it suckssss!
mykel moore : it will s
ramu ramsing : its hosmm
cameron walmsley : its alright
proget dog tro : its amsing
stephanie hammons : ritcheous broooo
a google user : lovethis game
usama chohan : owsum graphics
westcoast granny : asowome game
a google user : awasome
jesus torres : fire
a google user : ss55s
hardev thekkevallapil : asome
therealshitism : addicting
robert burnett : sucks
dushime michael : owesome
leslie jones : wicked as
mg hla : teacher
donald pfeiffer : greay
purvesh bhelekar : eagerly waiting for trial xtreme 5 hope be like gta5
andrew saunders : highly recommended.
aditya poal : ads after each game..
bikumandla saiteja : good graphics
daniel teal : great gameplay
alex ailor : incredible graphics
a google user : realy good
quan cappalot : im on fire
mlg pro jake : omg this game is so good but if your looking at this then upgrade you'r tires all the way
tom smith : addictive
the christians : awsome game
patrick wilson : really fun minus the lag and ads
syed asif ali : plz send me trick free coain and all unlocked
leeann moses : it's sick
akwasi dre : so sick!!
a google user : it's cool
a google user : it's cool
a google user : great games
michael witmer : pretty good
tim vinding : great game
mark rowe : fantastic thanks
stephen cukrowski : great game
jacob huskins : great game
sabbir hossain : graphics good
steffon cyrus : challenging
ace nu : addictive
a google user : additive game
a google user : art
rippen rider : great game.
greg williams : cool
big-e v. : game started out ok! then it started to freeze the buttons! i'll b in the middle of a flip and i'll land on the riders back and never let go of the button! very annoying when u loose $
nayeem islam : it's good
jackabob15 : great game
mr_supreme_ttv : great game
harry sale : really fun
a google user : cool game
mark smith : challenging
gamy sandy : suck
a google user : its ok
aqeel abbas : addicting seriously
a google user : nothing
nitish shetty : boring game.
luke baker : pretty good
zach liford : really fun
devyn watts : hate
a google user : beast
a google user : it sucked
lemonz : data mining scammers. no way to opt out, they tell you to do stuff that doesn't work. there is no cloud saves so if you switch devices your screwed and if you brought content your even more screwed.
dr.arvind anand : changed my review as you got stable and now it doesn't crashes and all is fine. the big fan returns!! good game by the way.
mostakim rehman : too much bug and ad!! the acceleration key doesn't work sometime! that's why i unstalled it!
sanjay shrestha : too too much ads. disturb alot.. irritate alot
krishna aryal : why is service always down for maintenance
a google user : good gameplay but the ads are so annoying!
jeremy crossley : best game ever take a minute to lode
a google user : it is good its control are also good i like it now new vehicle come i am playing
alain gagne : it is a good game to play. its a lot of fun
the a gaming : this is very beautiful game is a real life bikeing game
a google user : nice time game of thrones and the fact that i am not sure if it was the first day of the day i was a good day with my amazing followers please of
a google user : this the best trail game ever
under one roof everything : control graphics can be more better
josh bodimeade : you can't do half of the levels
outlet : great game but lots of ads.
john von vincent : stuck in game. can't quit. can't change controls. waste of time!
mozzarella cheese : i cant complete the tutorial i pressed everything nothing happened
subho a : after upadate its stop. it doesn't have any oprtions to click. totally just one single screen.
the casual gamer : very addictive however something has changed dont know if its a glitch in the tournament section i get rank 25 and win nothing yet can rank 1000 in others and win coins please explain
rad ham : too many ads. uninstall.
tristan raborn : i think this app is amazing
mikail haider : the best fails ever
a google user : addictive game!!!!!!
a google user : pretty cool
a google user : great game ...
trey ward : keep making bets on races and i won't be racing anyone... i'll win and my money will still be taken.. what gives.
a google user : it's good
a google user : it's cool
krystal nelson : it's fun
d j : worst game
a google user : nice but boaring
a google user : it is so cool
brian townsend : awesome lil game
kyle schouten : i love the game
onkar gayakar : this is best game
dharmendra kumar : good app
devon roets : great game
a google user : awesome to play
slazlegameboy 69 : it cool
awakened son : boring
a google user : boring
lisa peters : great game
smoff dog : great game
tony destevens : good trials
bray glocko drippy x z1 : the best
a google user : loving it
reus mala chhangte : addictive
briley chambliss : cool
a google user : cool
retarded cow studios dumb crab : my fav game on my phone
aj franny : it's alright
a google user : wicked game
bharat n h : speech less
a google user : very super
paul sanders : wicked game
a google user : it sucks
a google user : exiting
noah carter : it sucks
a google user : suck
why zed : really enjoyed it and can put up with the crappy gaming ads - nothing is free right. however, the bigo ads are super creepy, watching what looks like underage half naked girls dance around? not good. then the latest update really grinds my gears. earning coins was hard enough already (and purchase prices are just ridiculous) but to be locked out of a lwvel for 24 hrs after winning. just stupid and makes it nearly impossible to progress.
bill hampe : everytime i get to a harder level the game will freeze and count as a loss which makes me loose large sums of money.
sam king : i genuinely loved this game, but you get like 12 levels in and the jumps
are literally impossible unless you buy the next bike, which is so
expensive the only way to realisticly do it is to use real world money,
which would be okay if it wasn't for the fact this game throws adverts at
you every 5 seconds, either ask us for our money or bombard us with
adverts. don't do both.
luka gospel : the spinney thing trapped me 6 times and it didn't trap the other guy who i
was playing against
anthony lewis : it's a fun game and very addicting however it's very obvious there trying
to force people to buy coins by making upgrades so expensive and when you
bet and race against someone why the hell would you force me to race
against someone who has a faster time than i have ever had on that track!!!
you purposely do it so we lose money and have to buy coins and the coins
are super expensive !! well i would buy coins if it weren't for your unfair
practices
chris mccoy : this used to be a 4/5 star game until the most recent update where they
decided to make it a pay to play game, locking people out of a level for
24hrs every time u win? what a ridiculous and seriously greedy decision
that was! going to uninstall and im sure many others will too, game makers
suicide, well done!!!
austin kamban : i would give 5 stars because i actually love the game. but every 5 mins i
have to watch an ad with half-naked teenage girls on it. also, waiting 24
hours after completing a simple track? dumb update. costs way too much to
unlock things as well. wayyy too much.
tim blundell : a once great game, ruined by too many obtrusive ads, sometimes one after the other and sometimes wholly inappropriate. i know nothing is free, but this is borderline ridiculous.
a google user : this was the worst update in a game ever. you are locked out of a level
when you win. you can only practice the level. the hold is 24hrs. you have
to restart the extreme level and pay into again if you mess up on the run.
its like the programmers want you to vintrol how many voins you earn. not
good.
matt muellner : ads between every game, some 20+ sec high audio videos. no gloved
advertisement fisting. garbage product used to spam you.
paul west : great game. iv been playing it for years and still haven't gotten bored
gin s15 : i enjoy playing this game but since the last update the ads have been
overwhelming. considering uninstalling the game because of this.
blackninja 456 : stupid it won't stop saying my username is lg-478
game base : i used to love this game and spend alot of time to play it but now the ads so annoying.. too much ads
brizzy productions : love this game so much i highly recommend it to everyone. also i love the
new body's you added
hunter spud : fun to play but they restrict what you can do. started playing and all
tracks were open. then they closed almost all tracks and put ridiculous
prices on them.
a google user : absolutely garbage. do not infect your device with this worthless game.
anthony asperbam26 : really not impressed with the new update will be last week that i'm playing
a google user : the ads wreck what would be a great game and make it unplayable will be uninstalling straight away
oritsema lawson : the game didn't load... it just froze when i tried to play it. i use a huawei gt3
a google user : bad deleat the game level 14 is broke
beausef 1 : cun game to waste time. the ads aren't bad.
mahyar khandani : bad update and lots of bug and ads
archie vann : it's awesome (apart from when i get killed
darren caswell : great game just the last update made my rider really dark with no colour.
james greer : you don't need access to my media or photos. nice try though.
a google user : i think it need some changes in the game so yea other then that i love the
game
a google user : new xtreme levels won't register your time, can't proceed to next level.
yima danjuma : it's and addictive and interesting game. i love playing it
a google user : awesome y'all should really get a 5 for free i will be the first to rate
a google user : very time consuming graphics are nice
pure nails : downloaded it but i have to pay to race and j don't have money bad design
wicky sagger : no need new update this is very bad update we need old version that was
great please think about it
duane hicks : it's fun and seems to stick to the normal trials game play which is nice in
its way
faijim faijim : this game is very challenging.but boring too
nathan rhodes : been waiting for a game like this
wadie hobloss : i like this game it very addictive and good grafx
vinny b : great game, but to expensive to purchase coins
pinkesh sharma : totally bekar game..u must hv intrnt..only graphic are good
a google user : so many ads but wonderful
karthik sekar : too many ads... ads displayed in between the game play.
a google user : nice game , please download it
a google user : sometime this game cannot play.
willian rocha : it's a really good game in my opinion
itzdizzy : this game is killing it!
aashutosh : make more tournament in small amount fee
mayank sonavane merit scl 12th : waste of time because it can hang your phone it very bad game when we go online it starts hanging our phone its graphics are good but i am not interested so doooo not downloaddd it very bad game
nikolaus kreuzer : permission to all storage? seriously are you a file manager or do you just want all my files for your company?
sandro297 : froze and took time to download
abhay pallath : this game is compeletly insane
a google user : it's a good game
sajith_s : this is wht i'm expect... awesome game...
shawn fallon : update ruined game, no daily couns?
ana pevec : sucks big time......
nuhu kadiri : i just love this game
a google user : the game is really exciting
heath weaver : challenging yet fun game
boomboom 1738 : download it right now
a google user : it's good!!!!!!!!!
emily cail : great game.
william seitz : pretty good game
buddyb0i0 : the ragdolls are funny .
a google user : amazing and have to play it
devesh vij : this game is awesome
ty huber : my new favorite
vikesh gaming : this game is so nice
shaun borg : love this game
a google user : great game
javie _fx : great app
colin kolaja : load it faster
cdm : good times
dion beckenham : addictive fun
shaijal shaiju : very intresting
joseph brown : great game
armer joseph jimenez : exciting
dan compsty : cool
a google user : cool
esmeralda isais : this game is very epic
xxlazy lamaxx : addicting
a google user : it looked great and after installing this game, it's not working. i really
wanted to play but the games not showing up.
ryan compton : *this game is f@&$ing trash bad controls laggy asf the physics are just
laghable do not download this damn virus*
mr.boostx : game was good until they locked all the maps & started a hustle off the ads
& coins . 2 stars bottom feeder
yadaa : this game is not best game but i dont like it from game name and picturea
its look better i d k very much its 4/10 im not like this cuz uli know
better games :/
andre jansen van vuuren : don't like the porn ads hence uninstalling. sad that a game that kids also
enjoy playing is a portal to the wrong kind of sites. no no no.
jeisson steven zea nino : it's a very good game, but the control when i use the gyroscope is too
sensible.. no more, i really like this game...
datguycak : not bad.. little glitchy but still fun
dustin oloughlin : takes way to long to start after crash. way to many adds.
aashay bane : there should be more ways to earn coins .... not able to open new stages
s j elliott : they couldn't figure out how to run an ad over an ad. sad.
timothy tuggle : really dig this game... lol... the only bad thing about it is that the
clothes and stuff cost almost as much as the bike upgrade parts... guess
that means i'm gonna have to play more and get a little better at it...
a google user : it is the most stupid and boring game in the world
micah hyde : glitches ruin races and mess up the fun factor
kyle ellison : great game but the coins are stupid on there pricing 49 bucks come on yall
have an awesome game and then yall scam to play
thomas o'shea : its good but the controls are a bit annoying
joe wade : other guys bike is always faster than yours in races
a google user : played on xbox awhile back, ands was supper stocked to play again... hasn't
let me down yet!! nice
johnathan miller : a good thing the past time and relieve anxiety
sebastian wernig : i love this game have put on all my phones that i have every had and can support it when is trails xtreme 5 coming out?
a google user : this is a really fun game git it now
gill garbourg : awesome game that's super challenging!
sonu rajput : many ads on online playing this game
wahqu : very good controls no lag online is very good very good game
qasim malik ahmed : this game is very good and easy to control
a google user : it's awesome, but reduce the price of bike's purchasing.
a google user : best game, wait for 5
deer killer200 : the best game to pass time
charles dagher : it's a such a good game
a google user : let me allways be translating hard head soft ass is because you stuborn and
you gonna get ass kicked you know enough enogh tricks to get the poo poo
slapped out of you self lol you stupid
a google user : atm it doesn't let me play any races
kyle vekos : loses lots of points for being pay-to-win and using virtual currency to
unlock levels
king david : great game :) "/ :<
a google user : totally addictive "challenge accepted" i "will" be getting those
win htet han : overall , this is a good game
greg hayes : my levels relocked after update please fix this thank you.
a google user : over all good game
a google user : good game all round
jenny charles : good game challenging tho
rey bryan mejica : nice graphics and little adds
a google user : nice game nice graphic
mike_ money : its hard and trash
a google user : very bad game
dharmendrakumar maruda : really good....
art ramadani. : its good game
casey adkins : diffenatly give it a try
dead_rivals29 gaming : this games good
ashkan solo : so good app
tina munro : pretty good
a google user : cool games
joe reynolds : brilliant timewaster
bobby golden : its good
david smith : cool game
gumlay gum : cool
a google user : loves it
a google user : its hard but itsfun
vivek gupta : free money
a google user : it is wicked
isaac juarez : this is dope
future gen : as
a google user : right
kevin lewis : lovesld this game at first but it sucks now way to many adds app purchasing
way to expensive overpriced don't play ....
legends of the yt kid : this game sucks. theres a ad when you die right in the middle of the screen
then a video ad pops up so you click on it when you're trying to close the
one in the middle of the screen. also its why to hard to race they need to
make it easier. also i'm deleting the game. don't download this!
dibakar jena : this game is enjoyable game . and also ultra quality graphics is made the
game more beautyful. let's play and enjoy. thanks deemedya inc
sidney anson leyva : great to practice xtreme sports xxx fans, game super fun and realistic, and
u can still access practice mode if offline. 5/5.
mr. yap : this game got 400mb storage and going online with the real hard level, i
cant enjoy it
al griffiths : tidy game kills a bit of time good game play levels aren't too hard but
still give you a challenge
tthe goat : it's great it distracts me from having my dirt bike broken.
christian mackey : i absolutely love this game and the whole trail xtreme series. this is the
best one yet. this version has the best graphics hands down and it nice you
can customize your bike and character. you can even choose gender in this
version.
b1k3 m0nk3y : could do with some individual customisations as in exhaust, engine parts,
rims, types of tyers etc but good game overall
donavon horton : i like it some adds not bad but do like a spin thing that u can get coins
but i like it 4 star
aditya raj : hate this game too many ads even in middle screen ,also it grab too many
personal data
brandon mahon : tbh, i dig it. it's frustratingly addictive and pretty challenging in
certain spots. good job you guys.
a google user : this game is not fun so i hope you don't waist your storage on this game
p o o p s o c k : it's the best motorcycle game i've played but to many ads but other than
that it's good
aditya jadhav : worst utilization of my time and mb need a lots of progress
hayden bishop : it's really good game.. but completely ruined by adverts.
vivek bodkhe : best graphics have ever seen. overall best game size is not big as veiw of
graphics
prashanth t : not what i wanted it to be. it isn't realtime pvp.
janakiram gupta : consuming 500mb+ for this boring gameplay is disgusting
abhijit raut : the game is very nice. in that game there are real places i like it because
it is a stunt game and races are also there
unrealbenji : game was quite fun, but suddenly won't connect anymore. now i can't play.
aero moua : physics are bad. the one with the hammer, couldn't get past it.
greg crispell : fun game but prices to upgrade and progress through the game are ridiculous
a google user : it's ok contact not good
dyllan broodryk : it is a very good game. love it playing 24/7
zack harden : like it when i'm bored as hell
richie rich : fun app good time killer when ur bored
nitesh kumar 067 : nice game good graphic ,control and all the things after all this.is a good
game
kathy morgan : best game i have all evening the trial extreams and i do race a kx60
willis family : good games just a shame about those who cheat
princia annece : best motor cross game i have ever played
vishma chetry : nice game i can give it 5 star but too many add
sonia rasul : the game is the best for me and l thank that you would like it too
pallavi sharma : it is as good as i thought it is as good as i thought and i feel it
surprising that it has been changed for sometime and it is not bad as i
thought
a google user : the best android game i heave played in a long time.
vandna sethi : it is so much good but try to make it more develop
sameer dhama : it is the best bike stunt game ever and also over world
itachi : it's good but the game not support 18:9 display
phoenyx.osborne nz : cool but maybe you should make it so we can customize the bikes
a google user : it,s very good game
none none : is cool but i don't like bikes
a google user : he best game i have played yet
shakti fm 103.4 mhz : ia not seeing this than nice gam!
ferdousi akhter : when i am busy i play it and enjoy it its a good friend in my leisure time
a google user : i like this becauze it has a moto bike and i like them
mamta yadav : must try this game once.
a google user : i think its a good game for boring time toenjoy .
joe : it's ok addictive and pretty challenging unless ur a premium player...
suaim khalil : this game needs a career mode
bhavesh : best just download it now my all friends
toxic akash : tamam game beh i love this game
lee : great game challenging in places good to pass the time
greg leblond : not going to play a game that must require to access everything on my
phone.. get rid of that and i'll play it..
v p : nothing else just advertising all over the place
jess zuniga : the game is trash because when you have to slide the doors the enimy goes
right through it making you do all the work and he gets in front of you
hanumant dupade : best ever stunt game i played till today.
asif azaz : i love this game and all the series of trial extreme
travis briggs : not a bad game. it's kinda fun
pramod chaudhary : excellent game but hard to passed levels
chase awsome vlogs : it's just like another game that i like and i love this game
darren evans : it's grate to play come and try it
a google user : been playing for years. love it
a google user : it's very nice and it's graphics are very cool
kay newton : it's a good idea to make this game
a google user : good game but hard courses
siteen scott : it is fun to play when you get bored.
susana merino : it's asomme thanks so much for your
amjad seelro : this game is amazing i like it wow
angelo archuleta : i think it is the best bike game
allen collier : i have fun playing it. its fun and awesome
rudy ariyanto : can't stop playing it
ruan schreuder : very nice game to play.
shabnam sk : very good games i love is games
siddhant naik : it is nt opening in my mob plzz do smthng.....
john kidumu : good game... thank you
lee o : i have always loved trials!
tony balog : super addictive.... play everyday!!!
manuel romero : i like the controls and graphics it might be a little hard but i like it.
karen susee : this game is so sick
maverick : it's a good game
a google user : it's a bit of fun
ben west : it's an awesome game
a google user : it's a nice game
albert soto : it's pretty lit
bharti chaturvedi : play on this game it's amazing
bobbi davis : i love this game.
a google user : awesome game for bike racing livers!!!!!!
arnis glusnevs : very good. challenging
lucas calhoun : it's so good
kaesyn batchelor : its a realy cool game
robert fuller : this is a very awesome game
bev thomas : this is a awsome game i love it
bode mmh : alot of ads and why you want my contacts and photos??
a google user : it is really fun
micheal griffin : really good game to get
parveen rani : very very beautiful game
sayyedh.suprabhat sayyed : awesome graphics good animation
a google user : cool
alexf fernandez : the best gsme ever-!!!!!!!!!
amadeo smith : it's good
rhiannon watkins : great game
j brown eyez : everything trash
a google user : that's amazing
teguh arya : nice motorcross game
rakesh kumar : so hot games
a google user : i love this game
kodi mack ii : i love the game
swati talpe : its very intresting
michael bailey : great fun and challenging
ram prakash choudhary : i love the games
a google user : this game is good
a google user : very nice game
madeline burgos : it so cool
asma maniyar : this is a good game
andrew pike : awesome fun
edwyn rommel : love this game
daniel brown : great game
joseph kemokai : its cooool
duane phillips : super challenging
hooky11 : pretty good
mikal newman : its awesome
wesley groves : great game
kole paltzer : great game
a google user : awesome and fun
jakir pathan : try and understand how is it
levi walton : great game
gary beaubouef : awesome graphics
romeo tillery iii : very addictive
sons of anarchy : cool
muhammad aslam : cool
a google user : cool
shanez waldner : cool
wave boy : cool
milan jeremic : cool
jayden thompson : hate it
xplantpotx : don't miss this,
a google user : isuper game
fahim ahmed : its a osm game
tqtgsh143scf25 : tooo muchhhh adssss
nijara talukdar : too much ad
kapil dixit : assom
frank pearce : asome!!!!!!!!
robjayb77 : when i am forced to agree to allow access to my personal information, no
matter how cool the game, it gets uninstalled. ridiculous.
a google user : its ok but impossible to earn enough coins to buy bikes.
a google user : this game is very very easy a lalantaap wow wow it game is to good. i
request to orner of this game please add a free mode in this game for bike
stunts
billy modglin : a great game for wasting time or just to play
anirudh subramanian : cool game.......... challenging levels that will make you want to throw
your phone. i'd recommend it
khalid sharieff : awesome game good graphics but you have to put exit option it doesn't have
exit button
dylan garst : i want a new game of it but more realistic and better choice of outfits and
bikes
a google user : amazing game iloved it easy controls best bikes and i reqeust you please
trial xtreme 5
jerry redman : tough but once you get a feel for the controls it's a kick. very addictive
shivam : i just fall in love with this game
douglas cutter : i like it but needs to be easier to make money
colt strunk : wish u could have a career mode not online
md omar faruk nayeem : great graphic,,, better gameplay,,,cool game,,better than before.
mike vandiepen : addictive and awesome!
dejour king : same as trial fusion love it
april aldridge : it is awsome yxndbdjd ridmdu
a google user : good controls
djono ngoto : cool
dennis pickett : cool
josh : stricken with minimum $5 ad buy out. you won't be able to earn enough coins
to race one time without watching 1:30 ads
lee smithies : the game would be far better if you removed advertising every two minutes
or when the game is paused... game play should be seamless, why don't you
apply the advertising another way
kill ian : the game itself it very fun, only reason it doesn't get 5 stars across the
board is the ads. give us a paid version without ads please.
shashikala dandatikar : waste game and takes lots of storage so don't download it please
long-dong von braun : love how the developers throw those ads into the game right after you win.
maximillian kincaid : can't turn of the game music
chris : not sure what i played more of, trial bikes or final fantasy bullcrap ad.
osumu nakahara : its splending for people that have the dream to be a dirtbiker im one and
it really helps to learn new tricks
f schoeman : very awesome game but will love it even more if the bikes sound more like
real life
andrew bedwell : fantastic fun game that gets you hooked
scott olderog : its is the best game but fortnight is the beast
sarthak jibon banerjee : it is very nice game. the graphics and the gameplay is awesome
steven clarke : goodgame pain in the ass sometimes but good
a google user : it's amazing game ever
afzal malik : it's better than other
matthew pearman : it's a fun game to play
a google user : it's a awesome game and enjoyable game
tinsae melese : me really like this game !
sheeba sonu : i love this game very much koi bhi game aisa nahi h i love this game very
very very very very very very very very very very very very very y much
gurjeet chauhan : i acheived 3 stars in level 3
amanda pinell : it's a awesome game
beni gogoi : the best game ever
carley wilson : mad graphics and very fun
a google user : loved it:)
a google user : very nice game
sapana yadav : very nice game
a google user : this game is like real
satyam vats : free mind
gair talboys : great game. only criticism is, when your racing with other players where
there are lifts etc. they can bypass the lift and go over water like it's
just not there. and like others have said during tournaments the leader is
like 10 seconds faster and supposedly on the same bike. there must be
hackers there is no way at all the bikes fly or hover. come on guys get a
grip on this so it's fair for everyone
travis boyington : literally fu** this game! i've spent money on it and racked up a ton of
coins and lately all the buttons will suddenly stop working in the middle
of a race and i've literally lost all my money on the game. if the buttons
worked and i wouldn't have got screwed out of my actual money i would give
it 5 stars. and it's not my phone i have a brand new galaxy s8. edit- i
gotta give it to their customer support for fixing the issue and refunding
the coins on my account. game also stopped freezing up after updating.
a google user : great game. ads have gotten worse but not horrible. have noticed it is less
stable lately but still a great game
dylan k. taylor : game is ok, but keeps showing me the same interactive ad for final fantasy
xv over and over and over and over again. extremely irritating, and i'm
definitely never going to play ff because of this.
adhil cp : this is the most worst game in the world . i'm not lieng
gordon macphail : it's great only one thing about it 3 level you need 40.000 to open it
sai : amazing performance . i didn't like those trial xtreme 1 2&3 but 4 is
awesome . i am proud i am playing game . but the problem is ads remove it !!
rob cale : advertisements every 10/15 seconds. even during the track you will get
small one right in the middle of your screen! absolute rubbish!
elouan mailly : very good game but unplayable on my nexus 5x
rhianna thomas : burgh hugh but night hub hjkjjjkbhhnmmmkmkkk
sonic the hedgehog : i love the stunts there aswome
stetson niehoff : i think thqt this game is better than sex
anand sadavarte : not working in my phone west of data
s suja : i love this game very much
haven fay : its really fun to play
a google user : it's the best
ajay awa : nice game and i love this game
logan hoover : hated iy
johnathan woodson/jp : this game is awesome
elmy morales : the game is great
a google user : its awesome
daelyn womack : great game
manoj sharma : nice graphics
mr. perfect : its awesome
khuram javed : recommend it to anyone
david boyle : addictive
a google user : top
mark rhodes : reality is the key
dnr moore : the game won't even start up just shows a picture of a ramp and stays there
does nothing else.
a google user : i have always thought outside the box and i love to get some air in jesus
christ mighty name amen.
connor helwig : i like how there's lots of bikes to choose in and i'm sorry i like playing
the game and makes me not bored and it's fun game and it is so fun i always
play it and also i like how is the missions that you can do the first and
everything
alpha leader : i recommend not downloading this game i ran into 21 hackers in 21 races and
that is just in one day and i only did 21 races and out of the time i have
been playing this game 99 % of the time i got matched up with a hacker this
game has more hackers then honest players and they don't even give you a
option to report a player for hacking
nikolaos zois : im not easily impressed by games on the phone but damn this is by far the
greatest game ive.played here
a google user : this game is important for children because this game has many talents and
it will help them for their minds.
wesley thornburg : its a good game , really fun , but im tired of trying to get through a
level and losing repeatedly because my bike gets stuck in the ground or a
ranp plz fix this problem
thotho coza : i love it , i've always loved it since day one i have played all the trial
game
seane pogi boy : this game is zo cool and the graphics are so cool and the controls are so
good but soem time i get mad in the cores
austun perl : stupid all the level glitch out i'm done with this game
david lawton : i like this game because it helps people's skills get better
devendra chitara : the game can't be played in fullscreen mode.
austin bedsaul : more game time offline would be great tho
painting master : this game is the best of all bike game's
evan seedorf : awsome game ben playing it for years
aryan pawar : this is motocross freestyle game which is awesome
dazz : totally amazing game ....i've been playing for months now i love it
matheus stvz : all my live i lay games the same this, now i can have it with me,thank you
chris cochrane : awesome fun game online & offline
mohan sai : graphics superb...addictive game
georges bou rjeily : i love this game !
michael collins : need more offline features and a way to make money offline.
naveen rawat : world's amazing game
a google user : brilliant game very addictive
deepak sharma : good graphics and control
dee davis : this a good game
830-g- hitesh tiwari : really it is a fabulous game
a google user : very adventurous game
adi shinde : awesome a w e s o m e
benjamin gilmore : really liked it
gareth busby : great game
h4zzak k : great game
gabriel garcia : its cool
a google user : that was so kool
bro bro : cooled game ever had
natalie brandon : nailed it!!!!
brady olsen : bitchin
t-bone blevins : honestly can't really think of anything negative to say about the game. the only thing that i think should be changed and its just a minor change; the amount of money you make compared to how expensive all the upgrades are. other then that, its a great app, awesome gameplay, pretty good graphics, and controls are pretty much on point. thumbs up deemedya inc.
reeaz ali : the only thing i don't understand is the guy who finishes 1st in
tournament....his bike seems to fly and the tyres don't seem to be touching
the ground
heyomike : good graphics and amazing detail i love this game it's just that please make when you are trying to play but you have no money please make it to where you earn money when you are not playing.
nathanhs1986 : absolute rubbish can't control the rider and some parts you bail even tho you made it.
chaa braa : games a scam. i ha e won multiple races but the money i won does not show up on my total. russia #2. i won 9500 coin but 0 coin was added to my total. this has happened multiple times.
a google user : we have to work hard to buy a new bike but i'm student, all days i am
studying hard
sajjad hossain : i think it,s really good and nice for playing the app and i hope everyone
will like this app and one think i don't know that how can i put my picture
the profile please let me know
cole baranek : i will never play another minute of this unless there's an offline mode.
it's too hard to begin playing. i loved trials extreme 3 more.
matt jones : i do like it it's blows time and you can beat people all over the world.
a google user : have a problem touching the multi-tasking button wichita spawn commkuwh erica's you see while i'm racing. and it's my favorite gjjg .dwu ame. thanks
georgie georgie : well its good to get a little excited while bored just play this game
paul burns : good game, however it locked me out of higher levels and unsure why.
isaiah van wiltenburg : what's funny is i can sometimes lie on the ground and survive and the continue the level
pavli virant : this game has so many bugs it is unplayable. waste of internet to dovnload
andrew weibye : glitches, controls pause the game all the time, maps are inconsistent because of lag
gagan chahal : all is good but one thing is bad when we are in air then race is stop so
check this
nahid banu : this game is waste of internet the game is not at all working plz.. help me
a google user : superrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr only one thing that 8 level is very hard
noel trujillo : the bikes sound like lawn mowers not like a two stroke or trial bike
andrew swartz : wish there were more levels and you didn't have to beat someone to play them.
a google user : too many ads. upgrades not easily attainable.
a google user : i think you should be able to drive a variety of vehicles rather that just off road bikes.
jyoti sharma : so boring game i hate this game because of its graphics and it take a lot of time to loading
andrew kerr : this game should be called crash extreme 4
saumya mishra : i have lost all of my coins suddenly today, i was at the last stage where i had few sets remaining, what could be the possible reasons behind my vanished money? i need my coins back.
curtis renly : its hard at first with.more play time it will get easr. .
abhilash prince : i won't play games much but i give star's to them good luck
james tennecee dennie : i spent coins on upgrading the vehicle and now i have to pay 200k to play i want my fkn coins back.
sihle cele : good graphics to many square bends and it still co ol
ron duckworth : great game. but can't really upgrade much without spending money.
karen roose : a must great game one of the best . you got to try it
a google user : thw game is amazing and the controls are very easy to get down
richard thistlewood-price : just can't stop playing
dare devil : in the best game ever i play it all the time
nicentia nightly : great graphics awesome gameplay and levels fun vs against players
amit k : easy to play, great graphics, nice control , sounds also good
sushila topno : first it is like a real and there are very powerful bike. make more
powerful bike
chandra sekhar : oh yeah super excited while playing thanks deemedya inc
a google user : i think the game is really fun for me to play and i like that i can race other people.
ben medcalf : great game love the game buts the levels cost a lot of money
a google user : this game itbis fun and you do no have to have wfie
furqan md : this game is absolute garbage. regret downloading it
jon hoffmann : good game.. it's fun and a good way to pass time
matthew boone : great game to pass by time at the doctors and have a blast
anthony shogun : awesome get wish there were more levels
saifi : this is to good game i rally love it one of the most parfect game
balvinder singh : fantabulous game i have ever played
syed ahmed : best game in racing i ever played
mehsan khan : this is a very interesting game that i feel
a google user : really good advice i would get this game
manak agrawal : i loved the older version. new one sucks
ali assegaf : good graphic, good gampelay, adaptive
mirza abid ispahani : amazing game great for free time and it is also an addictive game
dylan jones : it's hard but really interesting
grant ferguson : nice ads in the middle of the screen lol.
david lantz : good time waster to play for free
schaefer myrick : it's too hard to earn coins.
a google user : one of the best bike racing game
ahsa : supperrr addictive love every bits of it..a master piece love doing all those spine shaking stunts in hd graphics....love you so much devs...im so glad this game exists ...i want to make a game like this...recommended for everyone....it might tske a while to get on with the controls..but then the experience is like riding on a roller coaster...make the next masterpiece plz.best wishes &
wolf 253 : best game ever #1 awesomest game in the world
the grey wolf plays : why does it have to be wifi only i want play everywhere
steven czaplicki : smooth game. addictive!
pratyush pal : this type of before i never seen so totally like this type of game
a google user : it is a great game
204 705 ganapathi : soo nice game i ever played
jake knoeck : not bad at all.
andy hall : great game!
kshitiz raj : found a bug, tire got stuck in air what is this?
tipu mirza : is a amazing games... well graphics....
mehfouz foyjoo : should add more bikes..
the king04 : its good and i recommend it
bill stommel : fun but always asking
hunter dailing : best way to pass time
mark evans : what a game one of the best
a google user : it is super easy and cool
vuyolwethu xolo : it's marvellous
nick agosti : it's fun
a google user : it's cool
sandeshbhatta15 : it's intresting
jack of all multiverses : nice addictive game
a google user : cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
amalraj a : thanks for trial xtreme 4
a google user : is super excited
ethan montgomery : its lit bro
aman mishra : good game interesting
a google user : the game is great
nitin jain : i love this game
daniel dugger : i love this game
rodelito sazon : great controls and graphics
abbas prince : wonderful game excellent
a google user : good game want this
adyn ely/jarvis : the best games
jim dewar : great game
tom rice : love this game
demetri brewington : its nice
zack rodenburg : definitely fun
gurpreet mohar : love the game
a google user : great game
kingedward23 : great game
randy crain : game is awsome
sai stitch : it is a good game
vuthy kong : awsome game
avtar bamania : everything is perfect
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
emerald johnson : this was badjay
aveek chaudhary : it iz bhery ghood
wandile nhlapo : thanks
lucia carpenter : piece of dirt and i hate to be so harsh but thats the truth. terrible controls and everything costs money you dont have, so you can't even play cos money then you can't race. i've played the others in this series and quite enjoyed but this is by far the worst as its solely focused on trying to get you to spend money yet this is never gonna happen as i'm not spending a cent on a game if i cant even play it to enjoy it. removing asap
chris cook : i liked the older versions of this game, but this one is horrible. there's ads constantly, any time you resume playing from the screen going to sleep, or if you wreck there's one right across the middle of the screen! every time it connects to the server, it takes whole minutes to load. sometimes i set my phone down, the screen goes to sleep and then i have to watch another ad! if i was waiting for it to load an ad in the first place, i have to watch that one first, then a second one as punishment for the screen time out. not cool loading times plus ad videos constantly, equates to more than time spent playing. it's miserable. lg v20 on tmo and 100mbps wifi
dova kiin : it's great fun!! my only problem is when i watch first position in events those fast bikes look really fake. i hope it's just how it looks and it's not the actual game physics when i unlock those bikes. my biggest problem is tournaments. they have different categories for entry cost but the high speed players can still enter and win any tier tournament below thier skill level. they should not be allowed to dominate lower tier players
p read : bit hard to get used to at first. but when the bikes been upgraded and machu pichu opened game gets much more enjoyable and less frustrating. smoth graphics with good gameplay. any purchase gets rid of ads but at nearly 5 for cheapest purchase it's a bit steep (and you get very little for your 5). but, all in all, a very good game that's worth sticking with.
uvesh ansari : if there is anything that would make me quit playing this game, it would be ads. i don't mind ads but ads are just way too much and take away the fun of this game. apart from that game also freezes sometimes and there are some glitches too.
stabi : great game. only after the latest update, it stopped registering my race wins and best times and although i did win many, they're not marked with a star and i can't move any level up.
bruce mcmillin : cool game, i find it very challenging. it's going to take me a while to
burn out on it.
zach devorak : good motorcycle physics, takes a little bit getting used to. great time waster, i love this game
rith pat : cherishable app! i love it, just some minor problems: - has plenty ads and never skip once when quite competition. - its controls should be customizable. - partners' profiles should be viewable. thank you for your help!
matthew raymond : thank ive really enjoy this you have too many restrictions on the growth side of bike & rider . ease up on the goal of a few more bucks as to the loyalty and enjoyment of the consumer ,you 'll get the pay off in the long run . thanks again.
abu ishak : it feels extremely annoying due to the abundance of ads. sometimes due to frustration and ads. the desire to make the game uninstall.
starfireajax : prices for upgrades and new levels a little frustrating, but a very playable successor to number 3
skela t. : that's crazy you allow hackers to have the highest score and also show the video. say that person isn't cheating and i'll show you a video where he shows how he does it. a-hole.
nathan christopher : i don't usually rate games. but this one has asked enough times, so i'll be honest. its challenging. and that's great. even though it irritates me sometimes, i actually like the game. and it only irritates me cuz i suck, lol
ben hutchins : i like it, but it takes forever to progress without making pricey purchases. it will never be pumped bmx in that regard, but it's still worth playing, don't get me wrong!
mykael spano : this game is good but when i jump and then then land it says that i crashed pls fix that
chris h : i should not be forced to give you access to my photos in order to play this game.
justin buchholz : this game is criminal. it has stolen months from my life because its so great and i just cant put it down. well done y'all.
josh gatty : i guess it is sort of a simulation game and competitive game but not to competitive that i can't win therefore i like it .
rob rodgers : really fun game. lots of levels. really like tournament and duels. i feel like there's some cheating in the tournaments. when i watch the videos some people seem to not be touching the ground. that's pretty lame. other than that great game
mario gaglioti : newer version is ad ridden. makes it too irritating to play anymore
jj frame : if ur gonna make all the tracks as crazy as they are at least take out all the glitches and bs thats on all of them
a google user : this game is really so bad it take so much loading and warts your time
sumit bishnoi : ot is time wasting game , ye chutiya game h so dont waste your time
roy hefley : amazing, addictive racing/motocross/physics game. smooth, good graphics, just wish there was a way to pay to remove the ads.
a google user : it wouldn't let me play. it won't let me play because it wants me to let it see my photos and videos
piontles : it is a good game just fix the glitch when you die plz thank you
benoit trudeau : greatgame,, would love to know whhat bike your aponnent has before going agaist them
bill boguniecki : this game sucks! you guys are all game reviews. the controls are horrible. i can't even win a race! i practice and nail it then race someone and can't even finish the same course! screw this game
a google user : contains many ads.. i am frustrated now
maj : its very adictive and fun to play. i like it alot and im sure you will to
anthony barnett : if the ads weren't so bad, i'd give it 5 stars. the advertising is out of control though...
quincy negrete : this dirt biking game is pretty cool graphics are pretty awesome hilarious when the dude flies off his bike best one i've played from the google play store app so far two thumbs up
ryan mchugh : i love trial extreme 4 it gave me a lot of excitement when i first started playing the game.
nolan dalton : great game but the motor bored level could be cheaper
jeremey schnecker : extremely challenging! flawless gameplay! and totally awesome crashes!
kenny shane : the buttons will freeze up but i love to play it still
mckinley eberlin : great game! addictive as a8 but graffics could be better.
youngdeadpool 50 : terrible game....but does have good controls... i would honestly suggest playing trial xtreme 3 before this....definitely not worth the ad you have to deal with popping up every race.
a google user : good and straight to the point. absolute time kill.
caleb hildebrand : bin playing the series since the first one came out when i was 10 on the computer i love this game!
jenal lampa : fun...until you had to beat an opponent to proceed to next level. these opponents are too much of a jump up on the difficulty of that level. so can't pass...no longer fun...uninstalling
manthom phenace : honestly it's super fun kinda hard but overall really entertaining
a google user : this is the worst game really it was nice but in duel race it just stuck and stop moving and also bike become cycle and didn't speed up and you lose always so sometimes it react really bad
curtis brown : this game has glitches and this sucks
gary patt : awesome game, new tracks are a little tougher , makes for a great challenge.
adnan : worst game... making people fool. game is not getting start
mark wortman : so many ads that it makes this game suck ass.
00 : great game go ahead and download it you will be late for everything from now on :-)
haile woldu : i love this game. but i would really appreciate it if you made a trial extreme 5. i wonder how fun that would be!
maysa sarraj : rlly good game love it but it's the ads that i hate if u can remove them it will be the game ever everyone will play it and u would make more money
a google user : really good game, loved it, but could have better , more realistic bikes
mohd salihin : lame make it a little bit more easy still just do it
johnny john : i really enjoy playing this game all the time! addictive but simple like excitebike
a google user : it's a really neat game and fun to play when your bored
lavanya dasari : this game is very good game in this game we had to complete many hardlevels in last overs we had to jump on track that was very hard for me and for anyone that was my problem in this game
aurang zaib khan kakar : good and difficult game. i love this game.
dax reid : i'm rilly good but it is cool the graphics are good the controls are easy its a rilly good game
jme penz : fun game too expensive to upgrade though
rich packham : no longer works, i get the loading screen and then it stops loading
jeremy goodman : i've only been playing for 20 minutes, but i love it!
luis figueroa : it is really cool maker you should make trail xtreme 5
iti lunglei : its good for me rhere is offline mode and online so i like this game
a google user : i myself really do like motorcross and these stuff and this game is reallyyyy bringin it on
k.k. art : i like this game ...but not a awesome it just tp to play...this can't a make excitement
david ralte : i love it, but the graphics could be better.
roberto miranda : best game ever really good grafics
caleb sumner : this game is very good if your bored
scotch tape : have loved extreme trials since the beginning! great game!
sahil soham : i love this game and the controls are verh good and graphics are really good
sheakh mohammad metul : not bad...but you should have upgrade this game more
sean hyde : love the game. adds aren't too much of a problem.
chad rosales : good way to pass the time, fun game.
kimberly sharkey : its a good game but it could be better! its hard to get to the actual game part and not the duel's...(scratch that!) its impossible to get to the real levels... do not install this game!!!...its awful!!!
jones scott : i like more than any game
a google user : one of the best game i had played ever
nifkhan rose : im a raider then ilove this game
rajesh singh : it is a good game and has good tracks and good way of getting money
chetan ingle : i loved this game very much and graphics are superb
a google user : it's a awesome game that i love it very much
trey buck : loved it super fun and a good way to pass time
cj miller : great game it would be better worth no ads
brad rowland : keeps me entertained while waiting around for something.
mike oest : best physics i've ever seen in a dirt bike game! seems real!! very fun! you got to try it!!
anthony ratcliffe : horrible game don't waste your time
jose rivera : best bike game out there
henry vanegas : great replay value. awesome graphics
tyler c : fun game with lots of levels of play.
ahmad bryant : i love this game so much
utkarsh vaishya : looking real when i was playing this game
asha kedia : i lov you who created this game
exs_ fl1x : it's fun time wasting and fun
vamsidhar alluri : nice but ads are so annoying
muneeb baloch : it is also difficult game and i love this game
a google user : great game fun to play and challenging
d. hall : fun game with some challenging levels
a google user : it is a beautiful games i like it
sharon bridger : it is really good for children
a google user : awesome and amazing and beautiful and comfortable game
watty gilfillan : great time killer and good physics
cole gustin : make it easier to get other levels
rahul poldas : do not downloads is very bad
vicky colquhoun : i think it is a rally in good game
michael moore : addictive deff keep you busy
a google user : the controls are great and the game is addicting
nelson ferguson : great game. its addictive
sumanth dudam : addictive.. gud controls and graphics
sriaditya roy : this is a amazing game i'm really enjoying this game
abhi banrj : ots beautiful.. control r good also the graphics... vry well gme... thnk u sir.......
michael carlson : fix the bugs people can cheat and skip through a minute long track in 25 seconds theres glitches bugs and cheats game is fun but hard to comoete against bs
ryan crawford : pretty awesome ads the only thing that sucks
trip trip : awesome gay, very addictive
dennis g : great game, good controls
a google user : i think it's a good game
christopher stokes : it's definitely challenging.
anand : never boaring.. good controls
prem sai : suprb graphic.... and its very adective game... i loved it
paul lines : it's a good game
dayo lawal : great work guys..... i also wish it has multi-player
a google user : all around good game.
angierifur estep : it's a very cool game
sayan lv : this is a very good game!
chris ross : made it about 2 races untill i needed to purchase the in game currency.
mirza ganic : game that you can play days and days...
mr.betto bet : awesome graphics, addicted...
swxy clxps : amazing, challenging, and fun. a must play.
riad hasan : it's a amazing game, love it so much
guy settlemire : great game!!!!! i love the challenge
moe demba : love is the key
sosa chief keef : i love this game
a google user : it's a lovely game
nivedya : amazing than trial xtreme 3........
a google user : it's lit
asad khan : it's a good game
a google user : it's really good
dragracer #98 : really dont like it
james brown : it's definitely addicting
suresh kumar : it's only good
a google user : it's very cool
ansh bhandari : this game is interesting..
dusty davis : game is great. look forward to more....
jim bishop : wow i mean wow! its a keeper! i mean wow!!!
matt nelson : addictive!
travis love : fun way to take a dump
henry stevens : great game!!!!
fast dad : very addictive good fun
arun shah : i love thise game
young nico young nico : best mottercross game ever
tracy eubanks : this is a veary awsome game
mataji electricals : the game is very good
vasudha beedu : awesome game super quality
spencer kelly : awesome make a 5th
michael donnellan : its a really good game
scruffy hunter : this is a really fun game
curtis stone : it is a very great game
tan tan : the game is very good
kissana explore. adventure : very good and nice game
akshay kotkar : easier than part 1
maria hayes : one of the better moto games
padma kumari : really love this amazing game
michael rollin : good game to kill time
maxwell carter : it's challenging
noob rider kt : it's awesome
shafin zubair : it's awesome
reef marinan : it's good
a google user : best graphics...
navid golforoushan : awsome game...
blas miranda : great game.
awang aiman alauddin : love it and the funny glitches
mateo pollit : good time waster
carter romes : my favorite game iv ever played?
a google user : hard slow
k duke : really challenging game
joel robles : super fun and challenging
hossam yakout : thanks for good game
rubel sarker : best game of the world
dakota koceja : awesome and very addicting
a google user : very good graphics
daniel windsor : really great game
mick bath : great game brilliant
retrorob 91 : exactly what i wanted
mason laffartha : it is a fun game
a google user : this game was awsome
a google user : it fun to play
yugesh mula : i love this game
king khai : i love this game
techdown a-k sharma : very nice game
binnes musombwe : its very addictive
layton dawson : its a good game
tipu sultan : the game is good
a google user : very nice game
alok kumar sahoo : this game is superb
pritom saha : this game is awesome
carly lf : wrapped up bro's
richard emery : great game a+++++
abdul mohsin : why its not working whenever i open this game ???
jamie 123 ruscoe : mint and cool
blitz en : awesome and fun game
a google user : yes it is a good game
linkin beeck : it is an awesome game
zip zero : thanks for the awesome game
a google user : this game is challenging
a google user : good addictive game
daniel earhart : great game
a google user : it is a grate game
keanu petzer : great time waster
muhd amir : awesome challenge
jonathan coon : pretty good
a google user : awesome thanks
shane pace : it is great
balvinder kaur : master of faster
a google user : love the game
ace goodnews : great game
cale turnipseed : love this game
sultana razia razia : a best game
anju sharma : love this game
a google user : it's a crazy game
a google user : it's ok for free
robloxjotarokujo : cool
sawyer irvin : cool
a google user : addictive
jeff haskell : about time....g's
a google user : its fire
patricia carter : it's ok
xelati : it sucks
a google user : it sucks
a google user : itsnicebutnotperfect.
john tahana : its a algood game
martin sokolov : boss game
parimal biswas : third class game
michael emmens : wicked phone game
grant nagel : it's fire
ranjana gaur : action
dale wareing : allright
tony repairs : omg rubbish. why can't you do a game with out all the ads. uninstalled after 2 mins.
john south wilson : since the last update my app has been very very glitchy. has been very aggravating at times trying to do tournaments.
a google user : this game is absolutely terrible, game controls are terrible, very hard to get coins, everything is expensive its complete garbage
maddoghunter50 : this game is one othe worst games ive played it has terrible controls, ads every 10 seconds, and the overall design is just childish. please go bankrupt deemedya, your game is trash.
promod fernando : graphics are better than other games . but controls are not easy to manage. however a good game . awesome
a google user : i love all of your trial extreme games, they are all challenging, the graphics are awesome, the controls are easy to use. great job guys!
lala_hai_07 : we will like to see tx5 please make it easy to earn money. and iam the
biggest of tx4 thanks for this awesome game i have suggested this games to
my 10 freinds also.
owen buckley : bad graphics, long respawns. even the third game was better that's just sad.
harry diggins : actually a decent game! enjoyable to play, levels are pretty challenging but overall good! just a shame the other bikes cost so much gold coins and you don't earn enough in game to buy them..
deleted ions : it demands access to play. like i need to be hacked bye.
matthew mcewan : it's a fantastic game but there are too many adverts. it makes the game next to unplayable at times. i spend more time with adverts that i do playing. please sort this out.
adeel ahmed : it not just a game its hacks your all data from your cell phone so guys be carefull..
eddie moseley : i've been waiting for something like this for a long time. this game is awesome and on point! 5 stars
shubham korde : waste of down load we are not playing game just seeing add all waste dont download
tracy ekeren : some parts are impossible i have spent t hours on this one part
bradley westfield : absolutely brilliant great controls excellent gameplay and it's great that you can play other players from around the world
ken : good time killer a little repetitive. it be nice if you made money easier everything is expensive especially the levels and there is only 4 5 bikes
ollie wackett : it was terrible i uninstalled it in 5 mins of playing
a google user : i love the game.bt why it doesn't work on samsung galaxy grand prime??? it is so bad news for me cz.its ny favrt game
steven solorzano : you can lose track of time
justin frye : it's pretty fun i wish there was a profile reset though.
michael lowden : great time killer for sure. nice next round to the older versions. how do you exit the game gracefully though? i always have to force close it.
a google user : good graphics and good control and very easy to play. i think this is very good game
tohriu fuzuki : just plain bland and the physics aren't that great
boody khaled : ots excellent i loved it very much and easy controls
chad cockrell : good game. challenging and fun to play. need better bikes though
mahmoued nabil : great game but needs to move the jump button and also make more money while playing
a google user : this game is so much fun you should buy it
dr.philll : great game but it would be better if it was open world
tnt_ sypher : it is awesome you just need to lower the price on the bikes
bhargav n : it's also good but as compared to xtreme 3 is very nice game
owais baba : this game soo intrusting and super awesome graphics and others some future
a google user : i play this game and ig makes me want to not do anything else
pankaj boro : it would be more easier if there were no coins collection
a google user : i thank it is a great game and yall should make a nother one
thomas plenzich : love the game adictive but should make the game more realistic
taufik abidin : still need many improvement..and please add more track
a google user : makes me desire the trials bike i always wanted even more now!
nagendra : i would like to have a ride partner
derek levasseur : good fun game could make more bikes and more affordable or easier to make money
govind singh shekhawat : this is awesome game. controls are superb and i loved too much this game.
dustin brannon : very addicting don't play at work lol
doug hagle : pretty good for a game on your phone to pass time
tamil ram : easy to use nice controls and good graphics
saul diaz : just horrible, do not download.
iron man : very good game nyc awesome without playing
nikhil krishna : a bit difficult game but loved it.
kirill the communist : amazing game it's just that everything costs so much
davyes patel : my lil girl n i love this game
richard mcelrea : don't like the fact it forces you to play against people to get levels
kjayaraj29 29kjayaraj : this is a great stunt game in my life
buddah monk : wish u could get money easier
matt san : this game is pretty cool and fun to play
jrgreen426 : decent, one of the better pvp trials
kiean v : nice game with nice graphics that's all
george hinkle : too addicting to tell you right now,i'm still playing!!!!
raymond fernandez : me good ,wife pissed
rashi pollins : seems like it could be a good game
alan reddy : it fun when ur bord to play it
daniel rodriguez : i think it was the best game ever
benny s : very nice never boring.
snakeyio : make it completely available offline for 1 dollar.
mahi khan : how to update my bike speed
suryansh s vashistha : this game is good for trial extremely
ben mcardle : love this game played them all !!
gaurav chauhan : awesome graphics ..feel real
zino babi : i like this game it's very good
jacob jordan : it's good just hard
jack lopez : this game is super cool.
brendan dunne : so much worse than trials xtreme 3...
romit adatiya : awesome game just loved it
sharon flowers : i think that why this game is omg because when u start u get 21,000 or 25,000
livegrenadeinmypants : it's awsome!! totally would reccomend!
time for some gaming : it sucked my sick
beth tamplin : things could be a bit cheaper
neil partington : too many adverts, so many games ruined by greed!?
amit gulaskar : amazing game in the world!
toby sturm : fun game...race, win, upgrade. simple
jayden westcott : it's the best
a google user : it's a great game
a google user : awsome in so many words
eyeball mike : entertaining way to pass time
badal sen : awesome graphics best game
chris brock : addictive very real sounding
yahir mendoza : i think this is a wonderful game
jay2k : think it very fun to play
saidulamin khan : this game is really superb
chaudhary ameer : i love this game and i intall
a google user : very fun and a good challenge
bryden rasmussen : i hate it it sucks hate it
mubbashir qureshi : juxt addicted to this game
a google user : it's the the game i have ever played you should get it there's a whole bunch of stuff sometimes you can play offline
james pack : it is fun and interesting
a google user : best one yet
a google user : absolutly love this game
martino harjono : great graphic and gameplay
pravin kushawah : it is outstanding game
jake seddon : best game on android
a google user : its pretty cool
alyab muhammad : wow i love it
prasastha : need to increase some graphic
snobbybobby : fun and challenging to play
selvam selvam : very nice game
maya devi : it is a nice game
david somerville : think the games great
charles demana : its actually addictive
eddie gibson : cant put it down
tony maratta : great game
daniel mendoza : it cool
a google user : this is awesome
jose velasco : great game
scott l : this game is addicting
riley suttles : fun and time consuming
dhiraj b.k : great game
j zap : great game
a google user : it is fun
shahir alex : love it this game
preston elizalde : really fun
1fknjoke2far wertz : badass and fun
aj poynter : great game
a google user : fantastic graphics
charlie pittendreigh : it is brilliant
dominic moreno : it is great
atul kamble : mind-blowing
jesse bleackley : races payout too little
a google user : motor racing
james castle : to hard from the start
a google user : your game sucks!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
julian daniel : addicting
kristy wise : asome
mike cooper : i have edited this review. twice in the last week when i opened the game all my progress and coins were gone and i had to start over. that is a lot of time playing lost. **my profile was restored, not completely but back before the first time it happened. i still lost a lot. it has not happened again though.
a google user : this game is not going to play on my mi note 4 mobile.. it stops for start screen no sound nothing.. please solve this
pony : sucks. glitches so bad. if it wouldn't glitch it wouldn't be terrible but whoever made the game needs to die
mark paligar : the game's not even working. i'm at the loading screen but 3 minutes passed, still loading. edit: i'll try to reinstall and see if it works. edit: nope, still stuck in connecting. completely unplayable for me
jmx ate : this the best game ive ever played.this is the best.maybe in the future you game would be all over the well done .love it
cody bain : fantastic game and runs smooth but now that they added all the adds cutting in the middle of the game it's practically unplayable
puskar singh : me ye game ke ander mena hurricane bike unlocked ki hai l love this game you are download this game.
mj reviews : so many ads coming when i play the game.... my favorite game but now i hate this game.jst b'coz the nonsense ads
troll bahadur : another pay2win game.. the prize money is too low while the upgrade costs a fortune. and the bet system needs to be removed. just another game that made it to pay2win category.
tim eggleston : edit - after some frustration with the latest update, it seems to have fixed itself. it's back to being the best game out there.
roy horton : i like this game because its fun and i like riding and driving dirt bikes even though i don't have one some of my friends do and when ever i go and hang out with them they let me ride it but other than that i don't have one.
vaibhav mishra : it does not work in my phone why i have wasted my mb in this boring and f***ing game
shubham kr. : nic game...but i feel very angry when i die without any reason. when i make a jump as bike lands men falls from bike...
glenn andrews : why in earth do you need access to my photos and storage.... you data thieves
tiernon brown : had a gew ads in awkward moments but its been good fun so far.
joe brignone : great game! difficult to make money! very frustrating honestly! but really fun.
rodney thompson : it's a good go to game to veg. levels are challenging at times.
angel : game is good but its impossible to get money so do something with the money thing
sambo bic229 : no it wasted the money i earned on it and now i hate this game
m a h i : u do next update in our country doing cheat with country members ok do a friendly country challenge ok thanked for this
jared couch : super fun kinda hard but i'm still going to play
vinayak praveesh lal : this is a good game and i like this game but my only problem is my battery when my friends are out i like to play this game
robert maxie : i hate this game i5 is rage make this game better because this game is trash i hate it update it nowww
t4l3nted g4mer : i think this game is very fun it takes your mind off a lot of things and is very fun
tyler ellis : if you hit your head on something you die and you still have a helmit on.
ashley hanson : i'm stuck on thailand the one after the huge harbor jump@ the end
ramdon kid : it sucks it tells me the controls when did the tourial.
jeremy mitchell : lots of fun i think the bikes could look a little better but overall fun game
a google user : game is super fun and challenges you the whole way
a google user : this is a very good, app barley ing adds nice controls
stephen welsh : keeps freezing. refer the old version
got to weld : best game i've played in a long time i'm hooked
alolan pokes : it realy is the number 1 and all of your other ones please can you make another one that will make me so proud
sayed ali ahmed jodhpur : i cant say its a wonderful game
a google user : need bike and rider upgrades and maybe a couple different bikes
brae salis : good game five starshappy very happy.
callum044 : amazing game i recommend it if you love trial bikes or just good games in general
meegan lee : the game is rilly fun but jonny is rilly hard to get enouff to get a new bike
jill cherry : its a really good game you should bring out a number 5
hayden porter : it's fun as hell i've been playing everyday
a google user : it is awesome and give me that girl number
icy commander : my game is not opening.
wcom jay : ut a good game but it would be a bit better if they was better bikes
veselin dimitrov : its areally nice game and you ca do so many tricks is so coll i like it
rajeev pandey : superb game i like this game very much
a google user : that's a wonderful game i love it full pass the time
cole guay : this game is really fun and and i like trilel bikes
a google user : it's just one of the all time favorite game series
son_gokukun 6 : amazing just like the 1 in the xbox
a google user : make if not flinch as much
cameron pengra : the best games ive played
a google user : all and all it's a good game
sanjeev jv : awesome game n realistic graphics!!
james clarke : good fun but hard to up grade.
sugarmama : it so cool that men i do not.know what to say
shiv chitradurga : best offroad/stunt bike game from past, in future & ever...
bikash chatterjee : very good app and best app in 2017
pepelen 15 : best game with motorbike i'v played
younus mehrab puri : game is very addictive. ...school going children's away from this game plz.
..plz
tony stark : best game ever i m in love with this game awesome graphics must download
a google user : nice catche game,...
a google user : this game aint working i have been waiting for 5 min still this game is not starting
ste oglanby : recent update has robbed me of all upgrades emailed makers to be told just buy them back so i have been robbed but the makers think its ok i can just buy my upgrades back does anyone else think this is fraud
nino_ stresow : its so worthit trust me and its for free too like....tf!?
derick munsey : it's all good
danny najera : [hoodricertv] worthy
pankaj zemase : really very nice game, but it hang....
west coast corrosion protection : very good so addictive
anik akand : yeah better than previous
pinky bhavsar : this game is not bad
abu bakar : very nice and good games
jordan lanier : great for the ride to the job site
jamie mobed : game is great like a console
rodney miller : very fun good graphics
shamim yeasar ifti : the game is vary stylish
pranita adsule : it's brilliant
austin albrecht : it's fun
joshua hopkinson : the handling is perfect
trudy thompson : i love this game
allan garex : this game is awesome
paras sah : this game is beautiful
shellee cook : the best game in the world
hunter 42 : all of the game is amazing
vincent santacruz : it is a cool game
pranav jha : great game
brendan colligon : great game
a google user : great game
andrew kephart : great game
a google user : great game
abdul rahim khan : addictive
harsh srivastava : cool
angshuman pandey : tough
lee sumstad : challenging
sanchit sharma : pathetic
anshul second : cool
nether gaming : cool
michael hosking : it's ok
ayman abdelli : server is sucks
zeenat : very cooooooooollllllllll
chaelle delosreyes : find playing
benjamin barnhill : ubetcha
christopher leerodenby : keeps freezing during loading i tryd to play on my s8 got past level 1 and crashes
rebecca henson : it won't even start it would load for like 1to 3minutes then it. goes to google play store i hate this game
pure nobody : it's a great game and i think the developers should make more games but there is one thing i dislike and that's the fact that we can't play all levels offline. other than that the concept and control of the game is great
jerry scragg : love the game. but whoever designed some of the tracks needs to be kicked in the butt, because they are ridiculously over done
qstrange : lost it after 2. started to feel like a arcade game. seems its all about clothing now. and its the same levels over and over. but they do look different.
jack marshall : controls can be a little twitchy at times, but great graphics and good track designs. 4/5 overall
logan kleen : this game has so many glitches. i'll be riding through a level then out of nowhere i wipe out. i would not recommend playing this game until the bugs are fixed.
kanza arshad : worst games in the world it's not started . do not download this game . waste of time
chris fitch : just like trials on x-box. same hurdles as any other free game.
zane martin : super fun game digging the duel mode so far can't wait to have more money to do more tournaments
abdul khaliq : it is a nice game but gets stuck some times otherwise it's good
rr echo : better than the other bike games i've played. i thin the game is great personality, nothing wrong with it
anru ackerman : i hated this game it is dumbest game ever hate the controlling and it doesn't stop glitching
tyler boyd : fun game, advertisements are freaking ridiculous. spend more time watching them then you do playing the game. remove some of them and i'll rate 5
thomas vickers : i wish it was easier to get gold. i want another bike but i can't get it because i have to buy the next map.
saiful islam chowdhury : i think that it is a amazing game to play when you are bored or you got anything to to do
m kamran afzal : this game is good.but i did not like its online feature.because sometime we have not network.
daniel reynolds : it helps you think of alternate ways of doing things over and above the normal way
brett banman : great game. gets frustrating but it's a good challenge.
samuel hatton : this game froze up on me. it sucks.
lorrinda hird : best one so far some slight glitches but otherwise brilliant
chakrapani pandey : this game is easy to play and also has awesome animations.
manpreet hunjjan : can't believe it is so good
funnier than 25 : this game is so bad the physics are terrible
cado 2064 : love the game. it's awesome! great simulation, amazing graphics and not alot of ads!
treasure wuji : addicting, stay away from it seriously
zeeshan folly : nice game very good control and nice graphic i would recommend it as "the perfect game"
ferdoushi sultana : why i'm not play this game
wolf bros : the best motorbike game i have ever played
awesome mtb : really good game but they can make the bikes cheaper i'd recommend getting this game
leon king : it is awesome game for boy and also for girl and now how to hack i know bye
devin _33 : the graphics are bad. blaring. just terrible.
richtvplayz : very fun game its like im riding a motorcycle in reallife
nicholas rickard : very fun game enjoy it very much and not to many ads
adni g93 : it crashes everytime when trying to play online.please fix it
lagan oraon : it's a really nice game.new version is so coooool.
satya pathak : improve terrains, make it more interesting and achievable too.
crazy colony : superb graphics nd sounds is to the point..
natasha marshall : it is a great game i have recommended to everyone
aaron cornett : like how good the course is made out sweet
cole- 23 : think its good but 3rd one was better
earl burton : yep. works absolutely fine on my htc10.
natasia masters : it is cool and the first thing that comes from the fact is cool
michael wayman : awesome game. excellent graphics and challenging courses.
udit maran : it game is very nice and his game is best
ray : bitchin game great way to burn time.
jesse kelly : its a good game nice graphics
rebel krider : love the game fun to play everywhere
shubham sharma : awesome version of trial extreme 4
ray benjamin : super fun and so much new
cesar campos : get this game i'm telling you
danilo gobbi : set up to clearly milk your wallet.
abyss : just a bit gay can't lie
happy gamer : very nice game salute to the game maker
ankita nandi : i love this game this game is vry intresting
better nugget nugget 2 : except the best. racing game
chris roden : hilarious! and tough. keeps me amused.
muhammad aryan : it's very good game
omri _27 : it is very beautiful gmae
ebrahim kholil : it's great game... i'm played all series...
emile mynhardt : very cool game.
ramos neto : its the best game ever!!!
sanjeeb mahapatra : absolutely a awesome game.
john mullins : great game!
maruf hossain : it's really awesome.....
neelam gupta : it is very bad
arabinda biswas : it's fabulous !
jackie qualls : it's an awesome game
ricky lima : great in all aspects!
dr frankie fingers : great. gamme addictive
matt ripley : great game.!!!
jabes lacefield : it be alright if their wasn't so many adds and didn't have to pay to race. basically gets you no where's.
lilbigtimee : better than the third one
explosive chicken : just freezes up at the start, ?
newlin carr : it's cool.
iiroze hazardii : good game to pass time
anthony onochie : best motercrost game ever
saltytboi : this is the best game ever
billy jenk : good game to pass time
keith featherstone : love it best one around
a google user : i love this game it is amazing
shashwat sharma : addictive
charles sears : the game is the best with the torments
reaper gaming : it's great
henry marshall : beast game
lucas b : sick game
a google user : i love this game
dylan harvey : the game is so good
kev howard : top little game
alan cornelius : great throne game
youtube_314king king_youtube : this game is good
wandile dlamini : challenging but great
money savage og cash : great game
linda pierce : lot of fun
daniel rogers : love this game
saiful islam : good apps
hayrichard films : great game
larry thomas jr : love this game
wesley simon : great game
a google user : realy fun
arshad baig : lovely update
frans pretorius : great game
tousif ahmed : this is wonderful
dalton wallace : thanks man/woman
dip saha : where's the tilt mode
noob 462378 : cool
joshua cantu : cool
sct15h_07 : loved it
fortnite god yt : incredible
a google user : it's ok
ashim kr ghosh : plese donont play this game
gaming nate : to hard
video man35 : its
a google user : im hooked on it
manisha kenjale (jeevan) : the graphic shou
umesh kumar : alright
jl r : uninstalled. the more i played it the more ads kept intruding on the game, to the point of making it unenjoyable. early stages of the game also became very frustrating because of some seemingly dead ends. no way to zoom out to see how to get past. potential is there but overall not fun for me after the first 30 minutes.
dirgha raj shrestha : i very much like the game. it would be even better if i could use my upgraded bike in offline mode too. betting, duel, tournament must be online but just playing different levels shouldn't. so, please do add such features in offline mode too so that i can enjoy the game when i'm out and not connected to the net...
carl gallagher : new update needs to fix duel mode. when i race a ghost the moveable objects like catapults react for him before i even get there. if i miss the launch, it's gone for good and i must restart.
tim hughes : it's fun, but i wish there were certain features the console versions have like driving backwards. i also wish there were faster ways to make money
josh andrews : everything is awesome & fun, but don't like that it wheelies constantly without trying. when i lean back it should wheelie, not during basic acceleration.
stephen may : rubbish game don't bother getting it. graphics are bad, some levels are unwinnable.
jayden fyfield : machu pichu 14 just doesn't work, it won't let me accelerate at points in the level. fix it and maybe you will get a better review.
a google user : add a little more power to the front wheel to even it out sometimes i can't lean back forward
paul crego : great game to pass time. hopefully you guys keep making add ons or even a new trials game
harshit pandey : tooooo adictive... don't download this game dude,it will break all your time tables b'coz you'll spend your whole day in it
holli sheppard : it's a short game you can play like when your traveling i just love it thank you
cody johnson : used to be better now there's too many glitches in duel mode
phiwa mthembu : amazing game, great graphics and control. totally worth it
rob orwin : great game and great support experience when moving from windows to android version. especially max!
rudi henze : best game i've played in a loooong time. download it, you won't be sorry.
the gamer : it's a great game for time pass as there are bets and much more
sagar garg : the graphics ain't worth the size of app.
sohail shaikh : best update and best control and best and attractive game this is coooooooool$$ game download and get fun
grayson allen : i love this game it is so cool and the cool bikes you can get in this game are the best and i love the grafichs on it just awesome good bye
jerrylee haight : could go for some off line racing as well
fin abbott 58 : very good gets really hard quick tho
warren campbell : plus nice wish i could use a game pad with it
a google user : dirty game in world don't play this
zachary herman : made me wanna karate chop something
jaden templeton : pretty hard once you get farther in
a google user : really fun to play i'm good at it and i think you should get it
a google user : it was the best motor bike game i have played
a google user : it has very dangerous stunts and i enjoyed it very much.
conner perez : i love the game i think it needs more rewards for every time u go on the game
dylan payne : this is so frustrating i hated it
a google user : i am now addicted to this game
tinymighty : it's a funny and goofy idea i love it
a google user : its owesome game a good strategy game best gameplay and storyline of ever played riding game by me
jayachandran g : it is a great game , everyone should download this game.
nazrin adam : good graphics very nice to play this game
brandon smith : absolutley love it, everything is amazing and no issues at all.
james dawe : amazing i can't stop playing
shraddha rasal : best game ever just you wil forever
legendarybigboss : extreme and excellent game for the ever i like that im played this game low 1 and 2 and 3 played
darknite nite : its a fun so cool and funny when u fly
sheldon scharer : woukd b nice to have checkpoints to restart from
david sanchez : i don't not even like this game not even 1% at all
tanner campbell : it is truly fun to play just when you have the second bike they put you up against the hardest people with the fastest bikes still really fun tho
gerald chambers : awesome fun realistic physics which i look for
brandon robertson : awesome wish there were more levels
john mcgeachy : great game easy controls addictive as hell
arlop : you have to het more money
ommy tarzan : it's nice game by ommy tarzan
p.c. tech. : best game i ever play this type of game
a google user : nice game i love to play it
a google user : i love it it is so cool
miguel calixto : awesome game it really gets you in to it
savage king : i love the game it is fun to play
dan o'brien : fun distracted tion from reality. lol
satish kumar : this is my world favourite game in the world
everything with deathsquad : best racing game in world.
anthony fraser : great game and very addictive!
john pendergrast : it crashes too much
simon amran : i am playing this game from last year...it's amazing ...i like it...
a google user : very hard....bt addictive too many adds
stephen parker : the game is ok just wish it didn't cost loads for upgrades as
sh ah : i hate this game
vijay majumdar : yupsss it's awesome....
kingston shirley : i never played it because i am down loading it right now
james whitey : cool game!!!
sabrina gutierrez : it is fun to play online
ravi wakankar : it is a very rocking game
a google user : i just love the flips
gaming king boy channel : very nice game
mika suarez : i love the
waleed mirza : why does it require access to my media folder!?!? delete!
s r rajak : nice game and very god controls and graphics !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kj : fun time waster
a google user : i think it's gnarly
crash bigg : its a cool game
chris wright : i love this game
rohit singh solanki : superbly playing game
kaleob poreider : it is a good game
stephanie cook : fun challenging game
jean-claud lobar : i love the game
vineet goswami : good time pass
expanded metal and wire meshes : it is good game
jason johnson : fun to play on the go
michael casanova : awesome game love it
a google user : really good graphics
frowsty : it is fun game
darin decker : i love this game
gerhard engel : it is fun
def qon : great game
ashesh nayak : make it offline level
a google user : adventure is more and more
rustyrag gaming : where is trials 5?
renier brand : cool game
jason gravelle : its good
mayson nevers : the best
jason smith : great game
elle bee : great game
mohsin akhter : awesome addictive
andrea kodra : very addictive
arturo argumaniz : cool
steffan evans : cool
the worst youtuber ever : takes way to long to open
a google user : bus thek thak ha
vision frass : can it be like only you
kern scanlan : my thinking is that the game is ausome!!!!!!
alexis guzman : it sucks
jassi mehtabgarhiya : how to play it
mahendra sharma : it is super game
scott oconnor : must need a better bike then the one i had to pass some levels. took to long to figure out that on some you have to gas it while up tight to the block in front of you to move the landing under you. wasn't all to bad of a game but not the kind i would say yes download this game. i might say it's just an ok game.
william parker : it's a pretty good game, considering i only downloaded it because i couldn't find the one i was looking for. it's a decent consolation prize. bikes and parts are really expensive,and there's only 3 levels with like 15 or 16 levels in each. so it's really not worth spending money on the game unless you just want to make it super easy and just blow mommy and daddy's money so you can zip through the game. so anyway, i like the game it's a good challenging time killer and that's exactly why i downloaded it. good job developers!!!
tim g : good game i just dont like the idea of i need to do a pvp race to get to the next level mostly due to i cant upgrade without coins but cant gain any unless i beat an opponent but my bike isnt good enough to beat them. i hate games designed so that you have to purchase coins to move up. im being generous with 3 stars im also unistalling this game.
geet arora : trial xtreme 4 has stopped working again and again after opening i spent a huge amount of internet not satisfied
john darsey : i love this game., but what happened to the free for all tourney? can't just play the level without watching a video. ok once but any restart means another video. and these are not 5 second videos, it's 30 seconds each time! guess i'll quit playing that part.
sean blasko : cannot control music/sound at all. no way to turn off that generic overpowered metal soundtrack. uninstalled.
sudhan walke : worst game, worst graphics always pop up to buy coins don't wanna spend money on this worst game.
mr_redemtion4 : what's with all the ads, i have played this game for over a year, and now it's unplayable
a google user : too my adds its very annoying,, poor making opponent, coin are verg hard to gain don't dwnld it
marc marc : it notified me that i haven't played in a while. this is unacceptable in 2017 and that's why i gave it a low rating
cookie the deer : would be all 5 but coins are way to expensive for what you get and can't build up enough free coins for bike up grades
dhaivat trivedi : i didn't enjoy it. paid 15rs for getting double the coins thinking it might be helpful for a long time. all upgrades are ridiculously costly, not visually appealing and shabing gameplay. the graphics are good upto an extent but than again, the overall experience is bad !!!
ultimate anime : i love this game but today i made a purchase of coin buying. my ac was debited but i didn't receive any coin. don't purchase any coin pack guys.
bruce wayne : i could play this all day and not get bored with it. although i need a lot more practise. it's challenging ad i just love it.
kishan yadav : i was stupid to download this game and waste my time. highway rider and traffic rider are better than this. they are free and offline to play
sanjay palanivel : very simple game but spacing more than 300mb . not too good,just okay.
daniel miller : trials extreme 3 was perdect. with 4 the camera angles are terrible, way too many ads. and the coin system is terrible
a google user : do not even download for not being honest. u have to pay after few levels to unlock further levels. which is not mentioned just an 'in app purchase'. going to delete it.
lisa : the physics of the game suck. get stuck on nothing and bike just crashes even when you land like you are supposed to
ruben campos : it's great but i don't like the fact that the game makes you race and the fact that buying coins is expensive and new bikes are expensive but it's sooooooo fun
angus gg : really excellent and entertaining game. my only gripe is that there is no option to buy it to get rid of ads
ykpaull : this game is amazing but you just need to add a couple of things,for example, new bikes,new bodys,and new tires,also maps but so far this game is amazing
mnis k : awesome game really time killer game when i star playing this minimum i spend my 1 hour i don't know how
a google user : fab game, very addictive only slight downside is it gets a bit laggy/glitchy playing online.
fpv scaff : it's a great game but it needs a slider control option, it kind of ruined it for me
jason nichols : it is the best thing i have ever played and really fun. but they could fix somethings.
a google user : very enjoyable game shame about needing too many coins to upgrade etc. overall great game
roanin lee : hated this stupid game worst game in my entire life levels are impossible how are you supposed to do the first tournament the idiodic character always hits his stupid head on the ground or the stupid loops get rid of them and the teeter totters get.rid.of.them then maybe, just maybe, ill give it a sliver of a chance!!!
chasten parker : it's a fun game until you get into it. then you'll realize the only way you can make enough money to buy new bikes is too join their club for $10 a month. there's way to many ads!!!
joydeep das : good .but we can not play this game with particular friend in multiplayer.this is huge problem of this game.plz make it if possible .
billy knarf : cool. good variety of tracks and stunts/obstacles. i was surprised at the cool realistic trials obstacles
adam herbert : it's a cool game but i hate it when the ads come up.
skylar zimmerman : hate the fact you now have to watch a video to restart the first tournament. if it doesn't go back to paying on credit i will install this came
a google user : this app is not work in my device when i play this game's title screen
martial fly : no single player put me off instantly. very disappointed.
aisha b : it is a really great game because at first i thought i would never when this game but i won the first try and now i'm on l i'm like on a high level
marco leister : no instuctions first 4 levels are oke then ,it's just trying 20 times irritating.
junior juni : bad game if u don't like it thats just cold .
being aayush : once i played machu pichu16 level with someone i won the game but my wifi network breaks and i lose my coin please give me my coin (you can look my history with someone in machu pichuuu) please give me break maintain this setting)my wifi breaks at that time when i won could you do something
matthew lawrence : love the game high qulity and smooth graphics just wish there was more customizations to the rider and bike but overall good game i am hooked on it.
abhisek mohanty : the game does not start. i am using mi note 4.
jeff : great game, worth the download. could use some help on "offline mode". make it to were you can unlock tracks offline and make a storyline .
babita barua : i love this game i am not a child my years is 10 my brother also play my brother said that you also play you will also like this game
shaik nagoor meera : it could be better if my upgraded bike will come in offline mode so that i enjoy more even in certain places where not availability of internet/wifi plz solve this issue and allow my unlocked bikes in offline.
rakesh yesodharan : superb game keeps you busy for hours. best thing is you playing with others and also very challenging!
yakuto yakuto : did not like the way the bike handled. very unrealistic. hard to control on a large screen.
a google user : adverts freeze the fkng thing entirely and you can't switch the stop add button. uninstalled!
frankie ryan : i love this game but i hate the add and that u can nearly make anuff money for bikes
usman khan : when i play this game on lineage os in oneplus one it shows the game will stopped unfortunately
venom boy 007 : i'm so glad that i am playing this wonderful game for free. its a game that everyone would like to play
ashish gupta : the task of dis game r vry difficult but overall excellent game.
ajay kumar : it can't be open in my phone but i think that is my phones problem but it's game problem becz it can't open in my frnds phone also so frnds it worst game ever
dave battle : great game but the upgrades and bikes are too expensive once you get past the simpler levels
bloody bunny : just by the comments alone tells me to stear clear of this game
sital bohara : the only thing i dont like is the level should be opend after we completed the previous level so we could enjoy but iy asks for coin .
adam ruth : fun game, good time killer, but the adds are getting a little extreme... after every race is a bit much.
rick mountz jr : too many damn ad's then they expect you pay $20.00 a month i beleave. just to get rid of them. other then all the ad's it's not a bad game.
omprakash sharma : bad news for you to the right to the right now i have been a while to
gareth coombes : i used to love this game but it has now been turned into a money making game that is full of ads. some of the levels that used to be free now need to be paid for it's so frustrating and i won't be playing it anymore
hunter thompson : simple aspects of the game are great controlls are ok and the graphics are epic but the game play sucks i'm stuck on the 4th level because of a glitch and when i get passed it after trying 220 times it restarts me and my controlls don't work so that is my review i remember now why i play these type of games on console
a google user : very bad game this game is not active freinds not download this game vary poor game
ronnie johansen : killer game, especially for free, and next to no ads. you guys did a great job.
a google user : why on the free for all tournament are some people competing on bikes that are much better than the supposed restriction of "wind" category bike? have i missed some sort of upgrade or cheat code?
meena bandaru : awesome game i have never played such a wonderful game
mohit dewara : its the second best game in my life because firstone is clash of clans
rick garringer : most of the tracks are awesome but their are a few the get way to difficult
sumit rawal : not good very bad improve all things
dan risk : it tries so hard to be a good game. fails.
rthh group : any one say me how to start the game its hang on starting no function work
doug r : game has an extremely steep learning curve. get past that and it's a good trials game
a google user : this is the most popular game since, by the game graphics is amazing and game also faadu hai bhai saab mast
aman pratap : i m download this game and play this game after the permission it is not working this is wrost game in my entire life
paul hood. : great game , takes a little long to make cash for upgrades...but all part of the fun.
yarasani guru charan nagender : worst app we can play only online for easy levels and if we go offline means there is hard levels i don't know why they will prepare like this stupid stuff
yessenia rodriguez : this game is awsome it's a game that u will get addictide to u should get this game right now while you have the cance!
albertod garcia : awesome game so addictive best way to kill till time.
alan bentley : i " hated" everything.... not because it's a bad game.... but it f'ing locks you into it! there is no way to exit... i had to restart my phone. if you think you're going to " force " me into upgrading.... i'm out!
pramod c : it's just awesome. playing online with others makes it more interesting.
akshay kumar : very nice game but in offline mode should give more levels!!!
random carry noobs : y local tournament n other tournaments are erased
souvik biswas : crashes. too many ads. hard to play. hard to make any progress.
bryon williams : pretty awesome game kills time and and is fun to do once you get the hang of it.
joshua coyle : games terrible ads pop up everywhere
shanawaz ghori : worst bike games i played ever
baji andrew ringu : uncontrollable very boring it is a waste of time
joshua skelton : it is really good and really hard but it is still fun best
sara rahman : i think you don't need to change the game because it awesome
mayilan : this game is awesome. great time consumer. i really recommend you should download it
rony sordar : its a highly graphics game. so i am very much interested to play that.
camden thanars : i really this game would be
revvin kevin : great game, but some very minor graphic clutch on striped surfaces.
amir mushtaq : this game is amazing. graphic so nice nd good controlling. love this game
trent ray : fun dirt bike racing game. challenging but not frustrating. great graphics
jason shepherd : this game is so rad! love it!!! played other games and this is the icing on the cake
eddie garcia777 : really fun, just accumulating money to upgrade your bike and character.
anthony williams : it a good game to waste time and rather challenging on a few maps
bruce andrews : y'all make the dumbest maps to race
a google user : i love this game very nice good game and ma na ta install kar ka racha ha 400 mb ka ha aur bachut aacha laga and best game
james upton : this was a fun and addicting game that passes time quite well
a r : i would like to know how do you get custom helmets like the canadian one
a google user : brilliant games addictive aswell recommend to anyone who likes motorbikes
sidharth bissoyi : nice game and trial extreme 1and 4 are only good
dude of all : it is very interesting and challenge ful game. so i love this game too much.
pamela thompson : this is so fun i can't stop playing it
aryan singh rajput : booooring game try to improve city theme
ashish : awesome graphics... although most stunts are the same as previous game
jeremy ziegler : fun game. definitely challenging. keeps me busy for hours.
somnath chavan : this is the very best gamr i am the fam of this game
harman matharoo : i acctually liked trials xtreme 3 a lot better
sumi ranjan : i love the game but there are only 4 different bikes available in the game
abhay abhilash : the game is really fun but you should think about adding multiplayer
ghost_r1002 : best game ever but wish you can change your bike and guy
a google user : i love this game so much thanks for making it xxx
john polukort : its so cool and you can make your own guy or girl and you can make a bike
joseph saukuru : had 74,000 coins two days ago, went to buy a new bike yesterday to find they'd disappeared? other than that, i like the game.
romantic boy : awsome graphics and games i like it soo much and waiting for trial xtream 5
rohan shrestha : i love this game but mobile is charge 100 1mint of
sanic5678 : its a very good game for all ages and the levels are actly hard
catalin : 5 stars if you tell me how to turn off the music
dipika tandel : the game is too good but it take lot of time to load
abdul kayum : one of the best stunt games that i have ever played in my life
suraj biswas : i love this game very smooth ctrl and well graphics
ramesh choumiya : owesome game but you want to unlock some bikes and add more bikes otherwise game is good
ant mccallum : good fun just not earning coins to quickly
sonia sharma : i love this game i want to say company to launch more game like that
vincent hughes : it's the best game ever i like tractors
cornfileyks : unfair races ,too much bugs
raging red : how to costomize your bike ca haracger
jony boy the awesome gamer97 : it sucks won't even connect to the internet so it won't let me in
realcaptain ok : why do you have this game
pavan kumar : game doesn't open. it says connecting always
kamlesh singh : i like this game vary much
andrei paul petrut : the game works very well
4theloveovmusic bounce happy : as a trials player on xbox one this is a really good comparisant really enjoy game nice work developers
joe swart : has good graphics but some spots are almost impossible to make it past needs to be made just a little bit easier in some places
blueboy plays minecraft and more!! : the game is awesome because you get to buy awesome modersiko
chris pher : great game amazing graphics very addictive easy game play
chad tinen : absolutely terrible game. feels cheap and nasty.
tracy annabel : amazing and i would buy it i would get it right now
a google user : great sorry for short response too busy playing :)
john michael shammy : i love this app. but we need some sahanam.
tina singh : best fun game in my life i loved this game so much
jhe 194 : good game easy controls good fun
shambhu kumar : again a great game made by deemdedya inc. i am waiting for trial extreme 5
nwosu gabriel : it's cool with alot of difficult stages... but it's better
taylor sigmund : great and simple game to pass the time!
a google user : its cool but sometimes i do it have meno gb coins so make the races prize worth more
bobby cothern : good for a free game but definitely wouldn't spend money on it
pariahs dead : love it fun challenging love the multiplayer challenges
a google user : after every game, it shows a pic of a girl. i don't like it.
arghya sarkar : i think it is a good game and all should try it
abhishek yadav : nice game with good graphics and also passes time
aditya sam : it is amazing and full of action and those stunts were amazing
ruben romero jr : takes a bit to catch on to the tricks, which makes it a challenge which i enjoy.
haris muzammil : it's good but it's to hard to win
vicky landge : it is good but this game is very high mb game
robertas m. : can't launch. crashing everytime.
a google user : certain features attributable to motox.
gulrez khan : its is a awesone bike racing game i ever played
a google user : i like it cuz its very fun
a google user : vvvery good game. iam wating for trial xtreme 5
neo ireland : this game stop play in ten minutes
bryan studey : i love this game can i get money though
kaven. g : it is the best game i have played yet
travis blain : it seems fun but too many ads
gajen kumar : this is the best game i played in my life
elton brown : keeps me occupied and i have fun playing it
karan dave : i have nothing to say bad about game because it good but why there is nit fre for all tourny
altaf patel : no option to mute music, ridiculous.
a google user : worst game...too much adds and needs money to play a race....worst ever
garrett caplinger : takes a lot of time to unlock new level packs.
tragiic_23 : this is a great app if u don't download this app u dum
alex m : great game if you invest some time to get good at it....
david rodriguez : best trials out there hands down!
dawn townsend : cool game to pass some time.
a google user : this game is very good by playing this game good time passes
mixu _:_ : really addictive, so happy till it got frozen, i had to reinstall againnn.....
pedro cortes : been loving this game for years. awesome
rushabh vora : good for time pass and online playing
mahimai raj c : must improve the graphics other than that are awesome
nikhil thakur : awesome but the upgrade price is very high
logan myers : this is the best get because it has bikes
owais ilyas : it is a brilliant game everyone should get it
tapas thapa : geme is tough enough but i enjoyed it
zach bowers : fun easy to play good game setup
peter kitonga : its a very nice and simple game to play
mahmoud abdelmoumen : the best motorcycle game so far
vicky sharma : this game was dashing man i love it
coffee boss : it is very hard but still fun.
riotkxng : it's fun good graphics try it
ross malham : best motorbike game i've played in a while
luigi kaloudis : this is a fun addicted game to have
vinh le xuan : buying upgrade will give tougher opponents.
jatin pathak : not opening plz tell y
girdhariram choudhary : i like this game very much
johann jacob medrano : it's so xtreme and cool
a google user : i like this game good game friends
sacheen wandhare : quite addictive, but too much ads
harshul nav : this game is very good and very osm features.
jaiden ritchie : this is one of my favorite games on my phone
a google user : i like it because you get ti upgrade. your mirtorcicl and get to. other level and play with people.
hussam saleh : i was forced jk it is awsome
jafar khan : nice graphics amazing control like it
mark longman : great little game good graphics
bikash khulal : but it only online and need more money ...
manish singh : this game is challenging and very tuff
prakash thorave : amazing game it has abest graphics
gilbert t : the game is awesome and easy controls
a google user : this game is very interesting and nice
akhilesh 7 : good race and good time pass
ryan berg : perfect game just like on xbox
xxdeadshockheadknockxx 2018 : really good game keep it up
kajal rajak : very nice game i really like it
liftoff : the game is good i like it
dhanush raj bahadur : app made me not to sleep. playing playing playing.....
nome _399 : it's download is very hard
cole freeman : awesome game to play when your bored
rachel wrench : what a wicked game it's mega good and good graphics
kimie adam : this game is so fun!!! download it now
andrew blackwell : ok but but to hard to unlock th3 levels without loads of cash
natedizzle 716 : what happened to the free-for-all tournament did you guys do away with it?
fran mcgowan : bring back the bike and physics from xtreme 2!
joe daddy : my kids and i play it play it every day
aijana miller : i don't know.
a google user : great game!! really enjoyable.
jekyll hyde : great game. good graphics. lot of bikes to unlocked. easy to play. very addictive!!!!
waqar meon : subway surf very very good game
a google user : i like the game i use to play it on xbox one and they made it on phone that got me hoyt
kyley payne : really cool and awesome game.
charlie harrington : awesome physics-based game!!
sushanth rathod : super game super aemrts bike fasting and roring
a google user : this is so wonderful game.
dalton stecyk : it's amazing no complaints
kenchan waki : just very addictive game.
a google user : good graphics , nice game
scott r : just needs mini games, like the pinball game on the original trials.
creative window : it's just awesome,,,,, but for me it's not easy game ,,,,,,, if you can make grfx more realistic... thn it's.......
a google user : this game is fab ... best for phones
john doe : great game plays fantastic!
a google user : it's a good game yo
will raby : greatest thing ever know!!!
a google user : it's a fun game to play
connor pope : i love motor vehicles in real life
a google user : very very best game
haroun moujahed : one of the best motorcycles games !
swamy mareedu : awesome game..what a graphics ..really great
pynzy thbz : it won't let me play the game ...
tanay khairnar : why the game need access to my photos n media .
mys7ic pubg : hey reply me this game i installed and game cant start.
vickey adhikari : it's really a good game.... i liked it.... it's graphics and control are good.....
deepak goyal : game is good , but it isn't worth @400mb's
crazy zane : its not like other games you can actually control them
manoj t r : maps r really bad
fbi : the game sucks the physics suck the whole game sucks can't improve
a google user : its trash dont download it
graham eiser : most awsome game ive played my android 8" tablet :) .... :) ....... :) ....everyone must try it !!!! heaps of adds online & need online to unlock levels & earn money... but game is worth it i think...
jonathan & brittany cross : solid game, love it.
dylon jay : its pretty fun.
khizar ahmed : i thing i want a new bike
pukar shah : i just addicted wow
sohil rarvariya : this game is very bad
claudia cossio : it's bella good
a google user : best one yet
derekcoolkid : it's my 2nd favorite game!!
dibyendu sinha : good concept and awesome playing....
amit dixit : parts are too costly and reward is quite low.....
harpreet singh rai : love this game so much....
mud trumpers : i think it's good..that's all i'm going to put
chris campbell : great game!
dikshant poudel : this game is very much good.control is also good.
rishi thakkar : it's the best game
niranjan bhat : best time pass game...try...this
rohith bevera : it's really fentastic.i really loved it
a google user : awesome race...i like it....
jeremiah nasr : this game is garbage
fusic squad : this games insane
hiren patel : i hated app
leonardo valencia : i loved this game
aayush tyagi : very bad game
suchita yadav : don't download guys this game was wste of time n mb also
a google user : this game.e is very interesting
gregory tillman : love the game, addictive!!!!
karthiga senthil : waste waste waste game in the world
adrian deh linus : force close playing on my samsung s8+ ...devloper
a google user : it's 100% super cool
chandrakanth : the game is not installing it is just downloading
imtiaz syed : best of the best!
aakash babbar : cool lovely game..
a google user : i love thise game
seth gillespie : its a fun game to play
michelle goodwin : i totally love this game
a google user : it is a best place for racing
ss 3d designs : cool pit bike game
toby wilcox : fun and challenging game play
a google user : very hard game love it
dr. thilagavathi : shadow fight 2 is better
paul jhay loay : i realy like this game
mohit narwal : adictted game i love it
lake geneva scalers : best trials game yet
akshay bagde : awesome game try once
a google user : i think this game is awesome
justin hawes : awesome game super addicting
amaree munir : best game rigbt know
cruz newton : it is really good and funny
a google user : best game ever in the world
mario barron : its the best game in the world
rizvan ahmed shakib : i loved this awesome game
ghoshkumar dehariya : perfect game for time pass
a google user : it is so good to play
a google user : this game is so fun
bharat lunagariya : it is very nice game
joel austin : definitely the best so far
adil khan : awesome terrific exilent infinity
prachet yadav : really i love the game
muhammad mostafizur rahman nomani : who stupids'crazy make this game? mental
a google user : its to good.
suraj kumar : i love this gameplay
gary grissett : i love the game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!.
amos marcial : i think this game is a cool game
a google user : it's cool
caroline andrew : it's awesome
j o'donoghue : great time waster
ryan parsons : sick game
jon foster : it's an alright game
sonu rana : beast game
alpha ff : it is bad
mohit hardasani : waste of time
elliot hardy : sick tricks
deephill media : worst game
mrbradford1989 : awesome trial game
harsh chhabra : very nice improvements
a google user : it is a good game
ashton dover : fun and awsome game
vinay kumar : they are good game
siddhesh warry : i love this game
abhijeet dash : i love this game
joey reid : this game is fun
stevesr bebonang : its lit bra
nagasiva srimanthula : this is the knowledge game
vandana verma : i love this game
sara bekker : the game is amazing
suraj : one of the best game
a google user : it so thrilling
mahesh kumar : it is good for play
a google user : thankyou for this best game
gamer boy nathane drake : it is coool game
assaniya : it is best game
ayush raj : world best game
bhushan tatiya : it is good for me
gaming world : this is good game
a google user : i think it is awesome
extreme gamer : i love this game
a google user : this game is awsome
harjeet kaur : world best game
a google user : finally good controls
trevor joseph : good addition to trials
ethan phillips : its good aye
ram milan : because it was amazing game
knc c : love it straight goods
banoth akhil : its so nice
kamal khan : i love this game
satish kumar : you developers are the best
mohit soni : awesome super cool
rust : it's lit
luna theeng : very nice game
darium neubert : cool
a google user : it is a super action game
brayden johnson : i love this game
mahesh meena : this game is awesome
melinda murray : love everything about this game
jake beaton : is a great game
aidangamer123 beck : loved it its great
vicky abshire : awesome game recommend
sahil mollick : very beautiful game
a google user : this is a great game
therren zak : its very fun
a google user : very nice game
gokul s : this is a good game
sunil pandey : this is game good
eliseo sands romeo : great game
pauline murphy : cool game
a google user : i love this
a google user : its good
phil massie : cool game
aryendra singh : really good
debojit rajbonjshi : great graphics
jad zoaiter : great game
christian barker : addictive and fun
tim : the adverts suck
harsh jadhav : very nic game
heartless voke : the game is ok
a google user : i think it is asowm
sachin kumar : boring
debra link : horrible
prakash limboo : nice addicted game
amit gautam : awesome thanks
ramsajiwan : good controls
jaswantth padmini : great graphics
dheeraj tanvar : this is the best
sahaab hanif : very challenging
a google user : it is cool
scott ruple : very challenging
dr munalin sadangi : brilliant work
tony v. : the best
a google user : love it awesome
mike watts : all right
jeremy trahan : great game
aidan winters : good graphics
matt spring : great game
ed thomason : it great
imani money boss : it is cool
luka : very coooooool
rhyan green : good app
lyn scrap : well cool
a google user : great game
girban deka : mind blowing
nizty : cool game
lofi. lix : the best
johny sampang : awesome overall
a google user : it is great
mukesh thakur : fantastic work
ratih dewi pramesti : pretty cool
mohammed naseef : its good
andy cruz : this i cool
mohd danny : nice and best
fred norris : fun and addictive
leyton matthews : thank u
craig harding : it's a right game
amita mota lodaya : cool
a google user : bored
rajiv malhotra : wow,what a game
kylejay jackson : just go for it.
micah hawkins : cool
goat : cool
lacboy 24k2 : addictive
anish dey : addictive
a google user : cool
smalles ghar : a so much of racing
m.sambath kumar : it's ok
deepanshu dahiya : just click on install !!! that's it!!!!
arf_ arc : addicting game ..
imdad khan : that,s owesome
j s : make a 5th
manju saud : it play with together
ox-capricorn-xo kote : what a disupotmet
matthew bugeja : very race
dan simpson : too much upsell
kj wright : sucks but
mike rogers : class game
jon doe : its grate
naveen manchanda : entreating game
selvin mcewan : its fu
aditya singh : what a app
mradul vaishnav : or you
vkvb sankara rao : improve graphics
javed shaikh : the game is class
estefana barron-houghton : asom
priyanshu kumar rana : aushom
paul dozier : addicting
a google user : owesome
aslam khan : aweasome
a google user : i've been playing this game for a while and recently it is obvious that someone is definitely trying to cash in on it. used to be no ads without purchase, free for all tournament didn't cost 1 coin ( not that that's a big deal) and duels you to be the sum of both players bets. still a decent game but it is frustrating to see a game like this get cashed in on and promote purchases more than ever before.
a google user : it's one of the best android games out right now controls could be better but over all i give it and 8 out of 10.
shane lane : well froze on me o i can't get no ware all i see is a wood ramp an it's stuck
mantas sturys : the game looks nice and i've seen the gameplay video but i can't open up the actual game, it just closes.
a google user : the game is ok but the cost of in app purchases are crazy. who really pays this kind of money to play. total ripoff.
mike thomas : i'm playing this game nearly from 3 years and old version was good and they've had updated it quite good and updated version is pretty cool.
thora joynt : i really started to like the game till the 7 level tial and it got stupid control need to. be more easy
lucian kereskenji : some levels are almost impossible. 14th level on thailand is 90% pure luck. if you get easily annoyed do not install this because you will throw your phone in a wall. but it's a nice game nonetheless.
vitali korzov : sometime is heart and make me nervous and need more bonuses but the rest literally it's fine waiting for 5th
robert urban : i would like my money back please. i tried to go ad free but it didn't give me my coins or give me ad free version but happily took my money. so please send me my money back or give me what i paid for
noxic kid : ripped me off! i spent 20 bucks on 170 k coins that i didnt even get! no good.
tony hines : this game was great till the recent update. waiting through 20-30 seconds of adds before starting each race makes it a deal breaker. been playing this for 2 years, about ready to delete it.
robert jenkins : ads are pretty bad. and game play kinda doesn't make sense.
aleks idzikowski : awesome game even if i get angry be ause i get player that have the best bikes and then i can't win but still this is a good game
jadon mitchell : i was looking for a motorcycle game but all the ones i found were really low quality, but when i found this one i was super happy i did.
david labouve : this game is fun and highly addictive! i got to say the controls are pretty difficult but the graphics and gameplay more than make up for it. i keep coming back for more!
farid khan : it's waste of time and also data. bad graphics and boring also.
dak r : don't know why i'm not getting to play this now... has not worked since last update
calvin fisher : lost my progress twice and had to restart my entire profile. unacceptable
nathan yates : great game, really addictive, great graphics, and awesome controls! i would have to say. so far one of the best motor cross games i have ever played! i would say this is a must play game if your into these kinds of games!
julio rivera : i can't stop playing the game. that's enough said
joshua piper : this game freaking sucks... i am not happy w/ this game what so ever
monil jain : it is very good and addictive game and it's difficulty level is also good.
michael brudenell : good game quite difficult compared to previous games but good time killer
flipster swisher : its really cool and fun to play and to kill time on long trips
joe b : it's ok but some of these levels are impossible
savannah mayhue : this is one of the best motorcycle games! it has hd video! its the best
cole toombs : i hate it,all of it,terrible
sohan dabideen : great game could use a bit of improvement like better sounding bikes etc...
jonathan pushnur : it's truly a very nice game with well maintained graphics and controls
durance sims : good game i've played something like it on xbox 360 and computer.
wivviz : im addicted to it, it's so fun and challenging.
i'm monsta x trash : the only thing i hate is the occasional glitches the game is fun but it can be frustrating in some levels especially when you lose all you're cash lol but overall a good game
ewan turner : slow down load into .
abdul rahim badababu : super bikes this soo better than trail extreme 3 nice graphic designer game thanks for the games
a google user : amazing bike game probably the best one i e ever played
russian pancake : the game in all is awsome keep it up
cameron kellum : change camera view from side to behind the driver so the player can see what's coming
alex herrera : who ever likes bmx then you should play this game
sujeet tiwari ssa : a real stunt baick racing
austin hock : really good game love playing it with friends
xx_warmachine_xx 27 : graphics good physics worth a rats ass
zahid khan : please set offline mode tracks
sunil rana : bikes are so costly but i love this game
kanna sridhar : i liked this game and this game is very awesome and different types of levels oh what superb game man and its my first super no 1 racing game
one of the dippin chanels 1 : good game just hard to make money
kingdonnis141 plays : i'm lit really lit right now
samarth mahatta : great graphics great gameplay and awesome bikes and custumes
ashik uzzaman : trail xtrime winter is better than trai xtrime 4
eleen osama : the best game ever i sure you'll love it
ruben lubbe : the game does not even go in stupid game
tlc darktwitch : the energy game fix it up
c. waldon : would have gave all five star if it wasn't for the ads
dev arya : please more new game in wwwe
colden gillett : good all around time killer.
mesutt lukman : super excited about this game
bill cook : i have been waiting for this true trials game. thank you!!!!
san desh : very good game it entertains a lots
joe hubbard : its cool having fun playing it
ashley armitage : half decent game and its addictive
mihir barnwal : it's a amazing game with high graphic
kalidas r : awesome game download fast.
leo kemp : it's a really good game
jon rich : great game, lots of fun
babi tiwari : why is this game not working in my mobile samsung j5
danny irwin : it's a really good game
h.gautam krishna : nice one but .... need coins to play that lags
28. made pranajapa xii mipa 7 : please add more levels and no need to buy with real money
karan veer : vey nice game and cool i love this game
a google user : great love it never bore's me nice game
a google user : i don't like it because it takes a lot of time
almighty aa : i don't like it because the graphics hurt my ese
vijai krishna : i never played this like super game with pakka graphics and control on racing
prakash mahadik : its awesome.... superb game ever
dakota franklin : it's a great game
lisa grob : the graphics are a little bad
suraj singh : cool games and nec
torque watson : good way to.pass time
beast : this is a good game
glenn hudson : it's a fun game to play with friends & by yourself,
ryan eggert : whats not to love about this game???
edwine ochieng : an awesome game!!
sue 01 : i love this game...... its amaizing...... its so awesome.....
andrew williams : greater improvement on previous release
narender merugu : i love this game ........
athang 5 : very nice game superb
mk : it s a great game
ben veitch : very addictive game and challenging
christopher soto : love it but the controls and logics
the 117 spartan is here : is is the best game ever
upasana pathak : what a speedy game?
vamsi tanniru : very very bad
avijit mondal : this game is very beautiful
timothy stoker : fun and challenging!
my son is awesome : it is a bad game
a google user : very cool
muhammad isa : exciting game.
vaibhav palve : intresting..
kevin clark : it's awesome
anin hossain : its good.
comment mondiwa : it's nice
viking voyage : totally fun..
aiden warren : bomb as hell
riley drake : i love it i love the controls
j c : simply a fun game
amit malhotra : easy to play and loved it
shital tavadia : so nice game this is
urmila manandhar : it is cool game
sagar d : super awesome game
raima khan : its so so good
kasper burd : i love the game
joshua gault : it is lit fam
a google user : this is really fantastic
damo 1000000 : it is an extraordinary game
decore gaming : it is a good game
serfie gontcharov : really really awesome
carlos funk : this ist the future awsome
mike young manganiello : great game to play
shopify : love it a great game
tim mathess : very fun and addicting
ravi j : nice additive game
sharan kumar : i love the game
xanthyny degenstein : its pretty good
paul fitzgerald : awesome game fairplay
c4 2x : i love this game
garratt ringshaw : your cool
mark taylor : hours of fun
bd rap and boxer : it is a great game
preetam sarsambi : its nice
a google user : awsome game
chris thompson : addicting and fun
dan sowers : awsome game
sanjeev kumar : awesome gameplay
anthony williams : its awesome
james gilmore : vary cool
kate mullen : hated it
maxx : pretty good
a google user : so addictive
a google user : interested game
vishal kumar : filled with adventure
a google user : this is bad game this is good game
toxic 47 : cool
rajesh halder : #1 racing game
merc isyos : cool
kalundo james : keep the crazy coming to the game
mahesh kumar : it s a awwwwwwwasome game,,,,!!!!!!!
zenaida radjail : this is so
talon davis : its a blast
adam ementon : what a game
a google user : it is super
a google user : lovd it so much
tyla boardman : alright
miscellaneous 3ntertainment : addicting
admiral ackbar : the only thing decent about the game is graphics and those aren't even good, first why do you have to pay to race people? if you win you only come up 600 coins lmfao oh and you won't win, i only won 1 match and that's because the bot had a late start yes they are not real people they are bots of people's characters lol this game is garbage if you spend money on this you should probably go have a physiological evaluation
onlyonevanders : i was simply bombed with adverts. coupled with the inability to change controls back, once you have changed them. thank you for your responce, yup i can see where you are supposed to be able to change the controlls..... however when i press the controlls button i am spammed with pop up ads that take me out of the game. so, what you are saying is you can change the controls back.... but only if you buy the game without ads? no thank you
a google user : gutted.. been playing this for a couple weeks now and just lost everything as it reset the full game and put me back to the start...
ajith hebbani : sometimes it restarts.. rest all gud .. and initial load taking some time hope it may be reduced
phil watson : it's lost my progress and made me start from scratch twice. disappointing as it's quite fun.
amrut joshi : game is good. but too difficult to play, sometime gets frustrated than joy. since we lose coin if we loose the match, doesn't feel like playing it again. it would have been great if we just dont get coins if we loose.
hiren salla : it's an awsum game i have ever played on my cell to much addictive very smooth controlls best time passer 10 on 10
arpan dutta : the graphics are excellent . the game play is also excellent .please download this game it is very good . and if you like this game please rate it and write a short review on this game. shout with me, trial xtreme is the best game. peep peep hurray! peep peep hurray.
richard harrison : insanity has it it's limit's and we'll folks, this game is one hell of a limit pusher! in such way's as to have ones own hand physically become one with the device ,thus allowing the imagination to escape into places unseen.. live without limits become one with the vision
fabes 1985 : you need to make a similar one with new maps. the only problem i have with this game is little glitches here and there. getting stuck in things. and the color has been off for a while now. i changed my rating to a 2 because the support hasn't been great
brandon : still has some downfalls, but i've played them all and this is by far the best trials game available on mobile. if you know what trials is about, this is the one you've been looking for.
a google user : good graphics, good play. it sorta sucks having to always be online to do anything really tho. but is a good game
dajon reed : i have no idea why they match you up aginst players you know you cant beatthe developers of the game are so retarded i win 2 races in a row then after that i continuously lose every race after that...this game is so stupid... the only way you can progressed in this game is if you invest real money in it
josh woodby : this is the best game i've ever played ...but trail extreme 4 why are u charging us for "free for all" tournaments ...guys it's free for all because it's free ...that 1 dollar adds up over time ...what will it accomplish besdies making people spend there own money ..that's why i bragged on this game is because of the free for all tourney and now that's gone so money will have to be spent to earn a few thousand ...
robert newell : shame on you i really wanted to play this game but it keeps closing the game. shame on you
trebor hensley : boring. pretty much have to buy stuff to get anywhere in the game. it sucks
jordan seschillie : it's asome i love it i have all of them if you can... can you make another trails extreme...thank you hahahaha your also the best trails game ever
a google user : this game is fun i beat and reset the game and on the 6th level it won't let me pass that level but when i did it the first time i passed it in 1 try but it's and good graphic
who's ___ noah : this game is a good time killer but it has to many ads and after level 5 it wouldn't let me play on .even my little brother said it was bad and he was better than me
tirath mani sharma : trial xtreame 4 are u kidding me this stupid graphics i hate it trial xtreme 3 had such a nice graphics i expected more from creators bt these are worst graphics i hate it
tim iyke : very nice game. believe me, i think it's philanthropic to give it almost free. control is great and makes the game easy to play. i must confess, it can be addictive.
rob forney : fun game, great graphics! unfortunately, it keeps resetting my info and making me start from scratch.
charlie rucker : very fun time consuming but sometimes the bike get s stuck in rotating wheels
a google user : good game i love to play but without going online u can't unlock next level dissapointed about that
tatunde tubucwe : i think this is the most racing bike i never see in world
yevgeniy churinov : 3rd time i lost all progress! i'm not starting over again, this is ridiculous. uninstalling. message me if you want my logs/journal files
nick burley : ive lost all my progress twice now after getting quite far. used the email function and got no reply, just lost my progress again!
a google user : this game is great i mean really but i hate ads but i still love
michael buckley : great game best one yet jest some times it works and then it don't plz help
david brown : game keeps crashing a d lose everything
a google user : what a great game! i didn't knew it will be great
fiqqi sixth : i think you need to change the control ok so people can plsy easy..
austen : i love the game you should change the course cause jumping on poles and flipping all the time i hate it so now i just uninstalled the game. improve it then let me know !!!
seja ramatseba : i love this game but the sounds the guy makes issa no no
scorpionking21 lloyd : but very hard and expensive
joshua riley : awesome thanks for the update and for the record i have a bunch of nice things to get
a man : talktalk racer is a good place to race against the rats _
iain armstrong : awsome game this. heavy time thief
mo gaming : it is a good game but you need to mach up the player with the same level person but good
a google user : i think this game is very addicting i keep playing everywhere i go i highly recommend this game
aman patel hole : this game made for people
dev kumar : very interesting game good graphics and very nice control
viktor viki : crashes all the time, lost all the money
kruge van zyl : its really cool but there are not a lot of motorbikes
the gaming idiot : i like the game it is fun but it keeps resetting me
arden tonge : the best motor game i have ever played
richard green : it is super! and i mean it you have so much fun coming
kiran chaudhary : good i think u make more games like trail xtream 5
a google user : this game good graphics good time waster and very fun
vedant patel : worst game please don't play
jayden lowery : its a great game never had a problem it is very hard but like everything practice makes perfect
logan s : i truly love this game but not as much as my son he plays it more then his ps4
debnath mondal : i played only the trial xtreme 1 that was awesome. now let's see this
trent beatty : awesome awesome game love it so much
darren penman : all it says is please complete tutorial so i press play nothing happens!!!!!
eric : fantastic game ( i need money for the next map) xd
itz digiiital gaming : the graphics need work but it's a cool game.
dev judyani : a very nice game good graphics good crontol very fine made big game
etravares craig : good graphics and good controls cool clothes to
a google user : the control by tilt feels natural and makes this game better than others like it.
paul mayfield : like how the game lets you do backflips and very of other little tricks the game is it okay for the most part
jake lorton : great game could make bikes more realistic
xaria boone : ok game fun but the controls could be better
logan veldsman : i like everything i can't just like one thing of the game
nguyen xuan tinh : good game. i really like it
reece berry : amazing high detail realistic game
adil fraz : superb game and i am expecting more game like this
justin moore : i think this is a great idea and i will be there for sure
josh radley : i think this game is really good the only problem is how expensive the stages are to unlock also the upgrades are very high too other than that great game
champ13 : ithink this game is fun and can't wait for a new one
chicken strips : it's yhe best game in the world
arvydas kasparavicius : it's good game, fun to play decent graphics, nice stages, overall good game.
donatal woldeselise : so good and awesome you should play it
leigh gordon : good game tl keep going back to
ian johnson : a great game they offers a challenge
by gaming : i liked the game difficulty and it's a good game
daniel blakley : it's tough, but super addictive
brad morefield : awesome game. very addictive
stoopid dirt bike kid : i love the game great to see the evelution of the game
eugeneacus nunya : i think it's the best motorcycle game ever
caleb bentley : good. needs more opportunities for money for beginners.
hassan farooq : this game is really very hard
dilip jain : i've just downloaded the game and it's not working
jack the gamer : subscibe to my youtube channel please
a google user : it is so cool
ethan brown : this game is the best motorbike game i played
vishal bharti : it is my favourite bike racing game.
ryan polson : great game really like it alot
leena mary philip : awesome game awakens the rider in you
jaime shorts : it is awsome i loved the bike
ross borneman : greatoverall time consumer and fun as hell
ben pope : the gameplay is better than the graphics
santanu maharana : awesome my thinking is - this is the world's best bike game ever..........
a google user : it's the best game i ever played
ethan good : it sucks every time i enter it go to home screen
kpakash 143 : f****** game very bad plz dont download its waste
abdul rehman : i love this game very very much
mike bo : they game does not save my levels always need to start from the beginning please fix it
a google user : games is super but wen game opend green color wel come tell me solutions
a google user : well....i like that type game......its quite ok....everyone play this it is nice.....
saurav kumar : interesting game &solid graphic quality
adrian garza : i think it's a great game
a google user : it is the best game ever.
pinky : this is so cool dudes omg but one problemi always loose but dosent mether its so edicting evrywone have to play omg i love this good game server
sxfn : this game is really awesome..i complete trial x 1,2 & 3.
volfan 537240 : game crashed today and lost my progress. sucks!!!
vipin chauhan : nice game. i love this game.
krisis : it was great i take my hat off tho you
live4bmx party : i'm addicted it's the best
francisco silva : it dosnt let me push the gas and it doesn't tip for me i uninstalled it
a google user : this is extremely superb....1 of my favourite game
ky gregoire : this is a good game play it all the time......kinna addicting
pradeep dhiman : great... graphics can be improved..
cartoon fun : this is the worst game ever
bumblebee x shildes : i think it's fun
icespudha : love this.game soooooooo much deserves all five stars
kris anagnostou : wicked game. super fun, fantastic controls and graphics!!!!
mark harrison : latest update has deleted 2 months worth of progress!
epi loz : no other game like this fully addicted
rajpurohit suraj : cool. game ... i need some mor bicks
jimmy leighton : love this game, can't get off it!!
david barnard : awesome ...cant put it down
nick fiorentino : if you don't play everyday it starts from the beginning
ankit dobariya : superb... animation and theme fabulous...
medha korde : it's a great game
john charlie : it's a nice game
rahul kumar mahato : this game is awesome.
isaiah quiroz : it's so fun
viper playz : i love this game!!!
master ryan : it is a good game..
soham dutta : i love it and it is awesome man
demian c : it good and a fun game
lorenubia rivera : good game app thanks
fredi romo : great game!!
rayyan rashid : a good game of the year
a google user : honestly my favorite game
justin10 stanford : good its just the controls
adlan arsyad : this game so good
kutbi patheria : this us truly extreme
a google user : it can be more better
randy rowe : i think it is a good game
saad hayat : the game is very beautiful
a google user : i love that game is cool
nduati nduati : its really fun and intresting
deepak kumar : awesome game enjoyed a lot
r.d. blake : bad ass game i love it
liam biggs : i think its cool
t.h.k /god : coolest game ever made
tom gregory : great game well worth it
blake flowers : are you feeling it now mr. krabbs?
david williamson : cant stop playing
ishrak niloy : it's just awesome
ahmed ali : it's entertaining
shotgumasterz damaury : it's the best
cliff clock : it's the best
gianni kingsvlog : it's good
syed eibad ali : i love this game
mohamed wann : this app is awesome!!!!!!!!!!
lorraine ghan : this game sucks!
ehsun : how do i control the sound on this game?
christine mitchell : it's great
gerald spearman : boring sucks
bunyod soatov : it is very great
parker rhoades : love it so much
garth e. burch ii : cool not bad
kayden edwards : definitely download this game
michael ayala : its a cool game
a google user : pretty cool game
a google user : yes the game is nice
fachri simon waagmeester : the game is great
seandoesgaming12 a : awsome with grate graficks
sunny mandloi : the game is wonderful
suraj sarkar : good game to play
madhu sharma : this game is good
frefeater adams : fun and not borrowing
giovannio alamo : love it a good game
craxked _stxxpid : it is the best game
tii sovaz : this game is great
a google user : it is very interested
bigboyb : it is so cool
aiden lukes : really good graphics
a google user : awesome and extreme game
pankaj kumar : awesome and challenging game
simon fortsch : great game addictive
seth egan : its beast
braedon lee : awesome game play
james rounsaville : really addictive
cameron breedlove : love it wha
mitsubishi2301 : great game
dayvion shelton : its lit
joseph mclaughlin : hard to earn money
ukasz kazmierczak : it is an awasom game
arsh singh : too much adds
a google user : this game rules
jayesh shende : name suits the game
justin culp : this game is extreme! !
samuel simon : every thing is great
riah cuev : it is fun
sunil verma : love this game
the trouble makers : nice osthir
maximumjt a ten : great game
austin white : great game
sendhil murugan : i love this
donna mahan : it is great
ubaid habib : this game is awesome
cameron murillo : amazing and intense
moto : it awsome
diamond x : pretty good
mikiebiggumlol games : it cool
alpha_ ceso : love this game
jennifer desnoyers : cool
ronnie bowers, : addictive
sayantan sarkar : addictive
jordan lo : fire game
anil soni : very exiting
marshall shearman : it is aesome
thereal maria : it is allsome
saurav kush : it's ok
buffy queen : ilove this
joshua vandermark : i learned, this game is a un-realistic get away from reality. the joys and excitment from the stunts and obstacles are great. yet can be very challenging and difficult game at the same time, obvs it could be better in areas but for a free download i think it was a well put together program thank you sincerely, j stacks
mohd noor : a+ grafic bad need to improve.. to maaaannnyyy stupid error in game cant go to fast u wasted. go slow can't reach drop point wasted. so so so easyly wasted. crach almost at every spot with out any problem on road. downgred bike when upgredding... sad nice grafic bad game play. please improve. tq team.
chip moreland : great game. challenging and fun. my only beef is with the monetization and ability to buy levels and upgrades. i always support developers and purchase stuff in games i like, but the coins are just too expensive to justify it for this game. opening new levels and upgrading your bike cost a ton of coins and the game is very challenging to do so by simply earning them. i am at that point where the effort needed to progress isn't worth it and i am getting bored. i might retire this game soon. the developers need to either give you more coins for the money spent to buy them, reduce upgrade costs, or increase coins earned. i understand that they need to make money but this strategy feels a little greedy and i think they could generate more revenue if it were adjusted.
phil goode : what a joke. this used to be a good game. now no matter who you're against or the bike you're using, your opponent will always smoothly cruise past while you discover every rock on gods green earth. used to be fun. now i can't even be bothered playing
zane christiansen : do not download!!!!! if you're like me and like to play games. don't play this one!!! i like every trials extreme game but this game went all out and effed me. it gave me a bonus 20k to start off the game. but then it took it back and i haven't bought anything. and it's trash because leaning forward on a dirtbike doesn't make you flip over your damn handlebars, i guess in this world of fake physics it does. and then when i'm pulling a wheelie and lean forward instead of putting the front back down like any regular person in real life, it just bunny hops. so how am i supposed to get up a hill while my bike is hopping through the air and i'm doing endos all over the place? tell me how i can play this game and i will give it a full 5 star review. come on guys i used to love phone games. now it's just, let's see which one can piss me off the most today.
martyn n : 189.99 for the 2.5m coins is outrageous! and for this reason i will not play or pay into the game due to how unbelievably overpriced it is. i most certainly wouldn't rate it the best game on android and it has probably the most expensive currency i've ever seen. even rockstar don't charge this much and their games are infinitely bigger better and have had far more hours put in. google should cap / ban this robbery.
timothy andersen : way too many adds. get rid of most of them and you got yourself a top grossing game.
austin ostipow : i love the game, but if you run out of money they trap you into paying no less than 5$ for more money to keep playing. kinda a bad system in my eyes . they are about to lose a paying customer if this issue isn't resolved
jason : best dirt bike game out there. that i'b seen. only thing that is sort of bad is how expensive the other bikes are.
matt klein : i really love the controlls for the game and that it works on a bluetooth keyboard i can't stop playing it my favorite game right now and it probably won't change
suppremer : yes it's fun , but there's countless bugs and glitches which is really annoying like when you jump from a high surface and you land really fast , then you crash . and also bugs in other maps , like catapults props etc . and mostly it's annoying when you just lose a tournament just because of a bug or glitch which just wasted my in-game money . needs a lot of fix before a 5 star rating .
a google user : this game is addictive... i find myself playing this game lot more than my other games
russell conley ii : nice game. they should be able to let you crash more than once. but one crash and you out is cool too, make it more realistic.
allan tumuhimbise : nyc game.. quite challenging bt u can't open some levels offline
jeremiah bossen : cant upgrade the bike fast enough to keep up with game progress. loose too much money.
damian chetty : excellent and competitive game. it might not be the best of graphics but a great way to pass spare time.
thepizzaguy : please please please! make a view at the back of the rider. only thing that could make this game complete. please let me know if you have succeeded in this enhancement
red tears101 : same song over and over. i can see the budget was astronomical here. not much to do. and the bike and guy looks weird.
aaryan patel : this game runs only about a month then this doesn't runs this is the only problem in this game but the game is not too good it also shows many ads
ralph galvin : the game is not good and the horrible thing is they take away 99 p per race i didn't even thought i should give this game one 1
yug l : great game, more about memorising tricky tracks, than real racing, but quite fun & addictive, as it happens.. shame there are so many ads, and so much marketing video to download, though, but at least, it's really free, and very playable without spending the slightest cent..
jonah feirn : see if anyone accually liked this game it would be on the popular list of games. this game makes no sense. i t makes me want to die myself with a burrito. dark black
cieran culver : its good but every time you win a race there has to be an advert. just why and also the coins are to expensive as well. so make the upgrades less money. if the developer can reply back. i will rate 5 stars
calvin washington : the best motor bike game ever, it has good graphics and very challenging which makes it a great time killer. it is good that it can be played offline.
vibin abi : why u r asking about my contact details thats my personal and why should i allow you to see my contacts and also my personal photos and videos its more than 380mb and also i have downloaded it but you r asking permissions about all my personal details..............
jay alberici : its a great game but i payed for all the ads to stop comming up and it took my money but all the ads are stilll showing
a google user : latest update hosed the game. have to sit through ads constantly. uninstalled.
a google user : its so good but i only have one problem. well, every time i play my rider is like a shadow. he's pure black. but if i take a picture of my rider dead, i see the face of my rider. fix it please
andy mcniven : really fun game. love playing it and upgrading the bike to get better. online gaming with other players is a great touch .
britan morrow : i love dirt bikes and this game is awesome and hase nice graphics. not only that but has some nice dirt bikes.
a google user : a bit lagg when you fall on your head but it is still a good game
jacques harrison : it is the shitest game i've ever played! firstly it is extremely unrealistic and even more so because i had a trials bike. then the opponents are sometimes really op and can do routes i can't do any time and it is full of ads.
jcbusto122 : lots of fun. kinda slow loading. might just be my phone
mark o'neill : good game. bit money grabbing. but can just take your time with log in bonuses and free tournaments to build money up. just takes longer
dylan atwood#1 : loads and loads. it says connecting but after 3 min. kicks me out.
ricky ferguson : it ok but the controls are bad when u r on tournament i keep on getting stuck where there is a ramp and pipes
samantha evans : this game is awesome at have lots of skills and control and you can do challenges download it now
anandha sundar : this game is a good choice for a game addicted persons but more adds disturbing playing times.
john : gets old quick. new tracks cost $ bit so does upgrading your bike. so u end up playing the same tracks over and over. no thanks
sahil : wht the rubbish the game is not play i click on icon the game is on then 1 photo is stopped game also
kartik walia : this game is just a piece of **** please dont waste your data on downloading it. trail extreme 3 is thousands time better than it.
daryl kazimbu : there is no othr bike game better then this one
stewart buckwell : nice entertaining game and quite challenging...seems hard to accrue money though h
dopplegamer x : frozen at opening screen. wouldn't play. never got to try it.
mit saharkar : not able to play with gamepad deemedya plz in new update i want to play this game via game pad
garv boyat boyat : from when i have start playing this game u have improved my cycling skill so thankyou for making this wonderful game
rohan parab : to many hackers. no hack protection. people hack in tournaments.
shelbie lynne : everything is good other 5han all the top ranked people cheating.
matt slater : good game but it keeps pausing when playing the game so i've decided to uninstall it.
shubham jamdade : worst game it don't dowload friends... it do not go to main menue .. how i resetting game
brandon j. : good game challenging but not too hard, addicting, cool customization and upgrades
steven bosworth : the dumbest game i've played in a long time. horrible.
aryan asthana : its not running on my 4gb ram phone..
sparjan jude : love it but xtreme 3 free button control is not there in this game.so mainly controls are worsr
shrimpking 205 : great game and i love it...but needs more stages...getting bored now have played all levels and stars...please add more levels
divesh chatrani : very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very nice, challenging, addective and can't see the time when we are playing this game i loved it so much who has made this game thank you for making this game it's very nice
focal point studio official : awesome game !!!good graphics everything is perfect but it's too hard to upgrade your bike. please do something. anyway good work, keep it up
harold nakooka : gatta fix the controls out of place
skittles : really hard at the begenning but the money can't be seen
ridge morvant : this game is the beast thing ever
j : i've never really liked phone or tablet games but this game is as awesome as it gets if you like dirt bike, or racing and even obstacle courses a great time killer for sure!!!!!!!
jamie forsyth : not too bad, could do with some more singular play.
up the creek : extremely fun to play. but it takes way too long to earn coins. uninstalled.
yash parsodkar : this is very much boring game
sajith narayanan : extremely time passing game, i lik the multiplayer mode. seriously, a challenging one...
montanique winn : this is the best game ever. i can clear my mind
kyle rutherford : it is way to hard at times.
kay a. : i think this will give people a whole new view on 3d bike racing games.
donald long : great , plenty of challenges and time consuming.
sujata sarkar : i have never played this type of game in my life it is awesome
battery plays : i love trail extreme 3 and about the time i started thinking i was like when will trails 4 come out and so i started searching for trails 4 and i found it.and you have done a lot of work on the game
jacob mallard : this game was great then i coudnt lean / jump and couldn't play
sanjay sharma : different types of games have different types of things to play with thats why they have different ratings but this game has been the best game for me
misliyah mohamed ridwan : i love this game is very fun people who does not now please learn about this game thank you
chappie ultragamer : i think that it is so amazing i can't stop playing the game
a j : this game is awesome but the bikes n the assessory r costly
james gray : the best racing game flat out
gamesinfinite : this game is crap there is no offline and everyone you verse is pretty much maxed out it is impossible to win anything
nick_pears 0 : great game i think it is amazing controls are easy to use and graphics are cool and 3d
aaron dylans : it's a good game but don't play if you hate bikes
menace da finnesser : i like it controls are simple and give you buttons or tilt and not only that but the different race tracks are a plus
liz peterson : this game will not load on my tablet
a google user : greedy would be a light way of describing this developer
a google user : really good game i really like the controls best dirt bike game i come a cross
sanjay ambadkar : best game ever i played!!!!!wonderful this is the best game of offroad u want to download the game of bikes this game is best u can download it!!!!!
debbie martinez : just the graphics can suck my banana
ojasv sharma : best graphics and i loved it because it have tough levels
michael bisset : good game to play when you have wifi
a google user : it should be in new update more nice than this s
sean cornell : i like everything but i want to be able to unlock levels offline and i want more of a selection of bikes
devon lamphear : its alright could be better if you could build your own track
amrit brar : this game is very awesome i will give 5 star
a google user : you should give googels for the helmets and make the race longer please
a google user : great game probably the best bike out however when offline let us make money still
debasis rath : the worst game.. it's not working on the phone.. just wasted 500 mb
edward j norton : i love the game is so far the best android game ive ever played
pratham luthra xii-c r.no:36 : this game is outstanding this game is very good we can do the stunts in this game i love this game thanks for reading and please download this app
iordache beniamin : i like the game very much.
devin priddy : the game had great graphics and the controls are easy and the options are good
jaat jaat : game is good but without good bike can't progress
a google user : i love you who ever made this game
karl anthony barba : love to play this kind of extremes but the offline mode is a bit dumb specially when you cant play with other stages without online
shane bexton : could be a little smoother but for a game on your phone pretty good
logan black : this game is tons of fun and pretty challenging three out the game
joshua houston : i hate this game because it had been messing up my tablet trying to take control and showing a television gray screen
adid baker : does fine but on as much as trial frontiers
diegoverse : awesome game, with several resources and a great gameplay.
zohaib khan : it's great game so much fun and very good graphics. .
ashwinn kumar : i hate this game.it is very very ugly game
kevin kirk : it's fun give me a money cheat
jeffery goolsby : super addicting and easy to play. love the customization options and head to head races.
jayden yt : it's a good game not the best
a google user : amazing job very interesting and fun. and the graphics are incredible
markmyself 666 : it's ok not perfect like 3 was but it's good to pass time v(=_=)
kshitij jain : its very good game and graphics are really awsome
christopher teague : awesome game truly love great job developers
dj hollowman : physics are like driving a unicycle.
daniel : ...a racing game that won't play unless you give it access to your contacts, media files and location...
robert hudson : it's challenging and good drinking game.
andrew yurkonis : the game. way better than other trialbike games
tyler mitchell : love this game. fun time passer and pretty challenging
big boi skirrt : amazing so much hard work out in to the game
karmal mouton : better than any other game i played
its bryan : i like triel xtrem 4 becouse is cool
a google user : terrific guys think u should try this game
newton fernandes : it is awesome game which we can do stunts
arpit chaudhary : this is the best stunt game i have ever played
a google user : great game with good grafics, can be hard and fustrating to complete, but thats a part of gaming right? plenty of levels to complete
andres vaiphei : its amazing it got a good graphic and very addictive
ajmal batza shajahan : provide control edit.. i want jump button on my right side..
emilio hernandez : it's a really great game and i love the graphics
bradley ellis : great addictive game ! i recommend
israel azekhuoria : cool, but the ads are too much
abhishek gupta : very good but not hard
salad-dodger1234 : best graphics and great sound effects.
wyatt underwood : best game ever make trials extreme 5 it should be the best game ever and have lots of different riders and bikes please i love your games
cheyenne lopez : it's a cool game i like it
jaikishan bhardwaj : controls not work properly please make it work properly
luke devereux : good fun, challenge on every level
a google user : the game is awesome but the graphics graphics could be better
ghodam nagorao : outstanding a great bike game download it and enjoy the game
giancarlo gavilanes : i think this game is xtreme and awesome
kyle joseph : fun addicting no issues .
kirti verma rathore : great game but internet connection is required
gareth de klerk : it is the best game i have ever played
corey robeson : this game is my favorite i love it
amith kumar : itzz super n good for time pass
jonathan oller : addictive and fun best game hands down
alex harvey : way more challenging than previous versions
kye piche : its good but it needs to be more challenging
naman bhavsar : i am explained in one word fabulous
ec_005_rahul chaudhari : this amazing game you to download this thax
faysal islam : that is very excited games i love it
a google user : server down but you managed to take game money? thieving bastards
janu : addictive .. i love this game
a google user : it is a very v .. good game
gabriel boyd : i love the game so much it is unrealistic
william mitchell : this is asome i all ways was looking for a game like this one
dirt bike mike : this game is one of my faves
andy cotgreave : too few coins per day
aman kumar sharma : this app is not going in my phone
matthew schmidt : fun game, like the head to head
moultrie family : it is the best game i came through
aundrae giles : the most addictive games out there.
daksh saini : a superb game and u should install this game
ashish vaishnav : very nice game suuupppb graphics love this game
simplytom : it is the moooost best game ever
anthony osullivan : awesome game well worth getting
shawn haas : great game has great pictures
sarath kolappara : cool its a cool game and hard
odin dickson : the game is so fun to play
mahendrakumarktt kumar : this game is amazing download it fast
diogo duarte : seems pretty good until now
qasim raza rajput : i love the person how made this game
sarath siva : this game is good and tough to play
rekha bajaj : world best game with lots of fun
sandile majola : it is awesome greatest game ever
bilal khan : this is awesome bike racing game
adrian ricci : the best trial game of the world
brock miller : its fun its a good game
guy cyford : great game love the smoothness and action
dr asmita patil : this is best racing game ever
julia seivewright : it's its expensive
m hasan munna : motion sencors should word offline also
jon inniss : its a pretty fun game.
westyk52sparky : if you spend all your money you have to watch 3 ads to do one race
dylan ades : it's so fun and addictive.
c. waldon : ads,ads,ads! if wasn't for that,it would've ruled.
faiz akram : it is really an awesome game.
mandeep kumari : i love this game it is hd screen game
beautiful cakes : bomb ass game....keeps that hamster wheel spinning sun !!!
jacob farley : i love this game is amazing!
c.k4lb : levels r so hard and not matter what bike u use u cant do some of the jumps and for no reason it took all of my ingame money its so bad
brayden 420 : grapics are terrible ..... phisics are worse .... terrible
a google user : worst game ever played
matthew weldon : the controls are alittle slow at times
akash singh : truly 'the #1 racing game!'
frank bridgford : it's a cool game.
ty flow media : great game love it !!!
abhishek pande : superb game...loved it...waiting for new versions....!
clyde dalrymple : love it all!
shawn dixon : great game!
rubber duckeytm : always love this game!
atharva kulkarni : good racing game
richard pollard : good game to play.
tracey mcnalus : love this game. great game to play.
chad domschke : lots of fun!
karthikeyan k : world's best game
james & erika u : it's a good game
a google user : it's a nice game
shelton antony dalston : useless piece of junk
vivek sharma : very boring game
a google user : super entertaining & awesome game
xac : great game!
abhishek kumar : nice i like online paying with others..........
munim hasan wasi : good game.....better....and best also
satbir singh : i love this kind of games
tito tomper : is a great game play
a google user : the game is very sexy
the_ hungryboom : how to play it in gravity mode?
pahanas : cool game...
i c : challenging and fun!
emcplayz14 : brilliant graphics amazing controls
ahmed rapiee : good game with perfect gameplay
a google user : it is a best game in the world
george milonakos : i think that the game is great
mitchell sutherland : great game fun as and adictive
shillelagh films : fun game to pass the time
janardhan yadav : one of the best game in the world
misiani ogara : hey guys make this easier
a google user : very easy and interesting game
raymond john : cool game enjoy playing it
ankur singh : it was a very addictive game
abidur rahman : it is a good game and cool
arlen richmond : addictive like crystal meth
reece turner : overall not a bad game
ari schiller : much better then i expected to be
zay brown : you need better graphics
skyler winder : it is a fun game to play
arsh dhalla : its vey good game
mathew meredith : really love it thanks guys
blayze nix : it was awesome really fun
fighter group : my i love this game
james butcher : by far the best games
jadan 514 : i think it is a fun game
shelby henson : good game great controls
bartyas marten : addictive!!!
linda sadler : ducking hate the game
galaxy603 304t : the game is kind of hard and hard
olivia .! : awsome!
malik hussain zain : very bad game
francesca reynoso : it's great
nasir saeed : it's good
james goolsby : amazing love will tell everyone about it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
normal things : it is fun.
a google user : i hated it
kanha meher : very nice game
gareth serico bass : pretty good stuff
jedi joshua : yup love it
a google user : i love this game
jesse minchin : awsome challenging game
shubham chandra : love it download it frnds
rajat kumar shinde : the best game
harley cox : its realy good
shoaib rajput : very good thinking
a google user : the game is amazing
michael vaughn : i love this game
jamie vester : awesome apart from the adverts
sousheel kalakoti : super and awesome game
a google user : this was a superb game
imtiaz ahmed : vry much intrsting gme
tazkeer hussain khan : the graphics of this is like a real world
mcjohn seleke : we shod race on line
ganpat bhalekar : the game is so adventures
akhil aki : this game is very super
m u h a l : top game ever
syakiir kadir : the best ever
glenn tablizo : cool and easy to play
akhilesh sharma : ko professional and personal
chris a : this game is awesome
schuey : awsome game love it
shahzai b : awesome app thanks
garry cole : cool could be better
aaron davis : i love the game
deepak saxena : must recommend game
joshua mcdaniel : great and funny as hell
bacon president : it is really fun
harsukh bhadresh : i love this game
william adams : awesome game loved it
nefeli kyprianou : this is an excellent game
a google user : this game is innocent
shridhar ganji : animation have to better
ishan jharia : best challenging game
dylan robinson : awesome i think
thegreat1 bruce : fun and addictive
aaron h : awesome and addicting
lilboy __ : love this game
eshaan verma : great game
emma bateman : great game
christian galuszka : great game
brian goffart : great game
a google user : love this game
mohammed wasif uddin : awsome game
raymond raiche : addictive game
danny langford : great game
francisco lizarraga : pretty cool
gaming insect : challenging and thrilling
aaron bates : awesome and fun
alex silva : great game
johnny gutierrez : great game
corbin talton : love it and enjoy it
shea belle : love this game
a google user : fine this game
marius picu : the best game
kaleb davis : it is fun
a google user : awsome game
arul mary : great game
a google user : love this game
shivajee patel : nice for day
christopher l v : good graphics
hirat te rangi : a shot review
fear -_- ful : get rid of the ads
a b panday : thik thak hai
sanjay basfor : how to hack this game
prajitha rajkumar : graphics more required
maui kairau : wicked time consumer
michael kolb : it was a one gemalto
asi mussan : overall agood game
paul knight : not what i thought.
yogesh verma : great game
kristen ford : game is great
amber haney : awsome game
bryan carter : great game
landon shearman : it is fun
ravi verma : nice graphics
kevin king : could be better
stephen morrissey : unbelievably addictive
a google user : love this game
gayatri yadav : feel the bike
emperor vishnu : totally excellent
bikelife chris : great game
toddarius thomas : awesome souce
mel denman : great game
frankz medrano : great game
jake portelli : it is awsome
ezekiel ahwang : it's an alright game
jordan roddy : fun and time consuming
john havili : the best game
harshit soni : not cool
julia wennell : it is sick
stealthfiend 0698 : hated it
dylan ugi : cool
brandon nieves : challenging
mir mansoor ali : loving it
christian merrill : cool
darrick jones : challenging
slay 85 : cool
1k sprintboy kyyy : cool
jordan coalandz : it's the tetz
ginger slapped : i have never play it
bill kelly : it's ok
alvian maulana : no think.
wy-vette robinson : game is
shashank agarwal : world game
rafil calino : entertainer of this year
a google user : ilove this game
sree kumar haridasa : not coming
mahesh kshirsagar : owsome..
karan amin : nothing
tyreece gyemore : alright
craqiswack : hreat
connor troyer : suck
isobel howe : adictive
amanda flint : it is really good adept the controls re bad
robert eatherton : can't play unless you wait for hours
gary klein : good but don't like the money proses
blackbullet76 : fun for the whole family
arun das : awsome game
sudheesh : addictive
j j : so im using my wind bike thats got all mods. so how come i can mever beat jess? im guessing there are too many cheats
trauma vildhjarta : used to love this game but now the acceleration pedal cuts out by itself constantly in the middle of races so it's completely annoying to play now. also the same small handful of people win every single tournament, with how random this game can be they're obviously cheating.
raymond mutchock : this game looks great but the controls are way off. the bikes are super unresponsive and the controls are ridiculously off. i would give it 5 stars on looks but outside of that its terrible. i keep going back to play but i wind up frustrated and just wantimg to delete this every time i try. uninstalling
kenners : "the #1 most frustrating game i have ever played." just when i think i've got the hang of it, i then spend the next hour restarting the same part of the same level before realising its impossible to pass without a godlike skill level. when i eventually managed to complete a level, the game ignores me - no time set, no medals/coins rewarded, meaning i have to spend more in-game currency to do the level again. this is happening every time, on 2 different devices. even after un/reinstalling on both. absolutely frustrating!
owen cmunt : this is not as much as a review as it is a rant. not about the game itself but the people reviewing games. do you people proof-read your reviews before you submit them? these developers work hard to produce games, and the last thing they need is a moron who does not know how to use the basic concepts of the english language. good game though. multi-player needs some work. i think adding more upgrades and dirt bikes will improve your game as well.
james kirk : been playing for what must be over a year, maybe a few years seem to keep coming every day for the tournaments. the scenery is amazing, gameplay is ok, and, well, the levels are interesting. i kinda wish there was an offline play, where you can race and achieve things and make money without having to race people, because that kinda makes it pot luck if you'll pass the races, as to who you have to race against. aside from that, it's a good game! worth a download definitely! so much detail on the backgrounds, really impressive, and amazing graphics for a mobile game!
vishwas l : vry good. but i am not getting my purchased bike in the older version. so please permit me to hve my bike in the trial xtreme
a google user : used to be a brilliant game, but please don't keep changing it with the updates unless you have to. very frustrating. now the game will not load. just comes up with server down for maintenance. what has happened to the tournaments? were have they gone?
paul cree : downloaded the latest update, game won't load and when it does load it crashes during gameplay, very disappointed.
patrick cane : this game is as good as it gets for being free. i don't understand why anyone would complain about the adds when you are getting the game for free. one of the funnest mini games ever
mohammed sameer khan : it is a superb game and excellent adventure and graphics and so many options it's ossom and i'm very thankful for this game creator and i hope that he will keep on making more games like this
james kilminster : i've installed then unistalled game gets to a screen can't tell if it's loading or crashed. wanna play the game but just gets stuck every time disappointing as the other versions were good.
brian burger : very entertaining, love the challanges and tournaments. dont know how some get the times they do when were all using the same bike.
justin prince : love the game, but controls stop working, after playing for a bit. tried uninstalling and reloading it, several times. it didnt help
iso x kuroko : best bike game ever very fun to compete with friends or people online. love that you can practice before hand
max potter : brilliant game play n always entertaining tracks haven't had any problems with it so all good
jeffrey a. pelzer : controls are pretty unresponsive as a matter of fact, they are horseshit, other than that it has its moments. sadly deemedya inc you will never get another dime out of me.
aaron lambert : the physics are certainly off a fair bit, granted half of the stunts wouldn't be possible in the real world anyway.. thus room for exception.
morph mite : just when you get started in the gameall is good then you come across a level that is impossible (level 4).deleted
leigh tidyman : frustating to master, but i enjoy it for that to pass the time when comuting. duel's are fun.
benny gun : its a good game, but its to difficult if cant see the road, i think it will bw better if we can see the road first.
tim weaver : great game. and the support is excellent, i had a problem when i got a new phone and they sorted me out immediately.
deyone wilson : i remember playing trial extreme 3 and i was so addicted. i played number 4 and it feels so different
lil shadez : good and addictive game but can't get daily bonus coins easily. pls fix that
aden jones : it's not working at all. when i installed it, it just crashed my phone. i didn't even get a any sort of gameplay. everytime as i launch the app, it shows the intro pic and a landscape with a ramp and it freezes right there. pls fix this.
jean-raphael poulin : fun game, but they seem to have a lot of server issues. i spend more time looking at the loading screen then actually playing.
blaze maynard : it's so bad i'm sorry but omg the controls the spring
alex alex : it's a nicely done game, but if you don't pay real money, you just gonna be stuck one moment and not able to make money anymore to open new tracks. you can't win races, no money to upgrade bike, no money to open new tracks.
zach brown : make it easier to unlock tracks/earn coins. i dont want to play this game for hours on end to unlock a few tracks
nameirakpam romesh : it's a good game with good graphics,but the items are bit costly and it's hard to earn that coins for a biggner
joseph chapman : only thing that needs attention is the wheels 6ou have to drive in to the are glitchy as you like new bike also
jean nuaman : some races are difficult to win, sometimes impossible, also it cost alot to buy or upgrade
trent miklosovic : great game the graphics and the way you die is sketchy but good game overall
dakota crowell : why is this program sending messages to my skype contacts? this is why phone apps are garbage and why you'll never be taken seriously as a game developer.
tony montgomery : great game, been playing a couple of years now, only problem that i have is i don't like betting cause i hate losing, so i've played all the levels and now i'm getting bored with it, more levels would be great or some kind of change to make it more interesting for ppl like me that hates losing coins, but thanks for helping me to kill tons of time!!
leslie liew : i love this game so much, but among all game i've played, it drains battery super fast, heating my phone till can't hold it, have to stop playing, this is the only down side.
mohamed tarek : please devs optimize the game it takes so muuuuch to load even restarting the game still takes forever i have nexus 6p and it's a drag in loading since i downloaded it
javed thomas : game jumps on and off, turns my screen black and then freezes my phone after
pratish shrestha : it very nice but the control of the buttons are little bit hard for me..
a google user : this game makes me so mad i want to throw my phone across the room
jeff morin : needs update for samsung s5 unplayable after samsungs software update
dakota klofkorn : takes forever to load and it kicks me out every time
vijay sahu : why we cannot unlock stage after completing level
christopher fowler : actually the most boring game i have played since getting my s6
jack mccavana : this game is the biggest pile of ebola it gave me crippling depression
yeshu singh : this game has very difficult levels which makes it boaring sometimes
jackson yuile : it's a great game but it won't allow me to watch videos to unlock new levels
druva s : actually there are too much obstacles and is worst game but clash of clans is the best awesome game than this trial xtreme
ash : very fun...my only complaint is how long it takes to earn coins
mani konz : i thing it is very interesting game that i have ever played.. i love this game...
lyle haywood : brilliant game and very challenging at times. i love it!
akshay d'souza : stuck on connecting screen from days.. useless game. deleted
justin claiborne : was a great game till i got to day 7 then out just stopped working it won't load so i didn't very my 11000 points thanks
nino sadia : i loved the game so much.but the daily logging price are not acurate
freedom : i love this game but maybe add different music on different maps? also add more realistic features like when the driver falls on fire the driver gets set on fire? besides that i enjoy this game
megan place : i've been playing this game for over a year now and i really enjoy it. i can play for hours.
thomas mcdougall : great game only thing that is off is i can't seem to stay on the bike
nicholas backlund : i like it you can create your own character you can change your character upgrade your bike you can customize it it's really cool
jamie lee : fun, tricky and addictive. the graphics are decent too.
max bowden : it is a good game but it can be very slow sometimes
etienne de villiers : addictive. keeps me out of work
uthman okunola : it's a good game .more beautiful than i expected
devon royal d'souza : it iz a nice game to spend yo time when u r bored
sardif bhuban : good but kochi somosha ace aita ami bokta parsing but it's good thanks
mario capponi : over all i love the game. great time consumer, and easy to control!
jose casiano : dude this game is crap. just because i hit my back i die? thats just bull.
john smith : nice game, dosent keep up with consecutive game play rewards. fun
randy robinson : would rate higher if it wasn't currently stuck in the loading loop.
ethan little : awesome game but could of spent more time on the graphics and gliches
robert boretz : downloaded this game to pass the time, very intriguing and challenging, well thought out levels.
ryan boucher : i love this game so much! make a trial xtreme 5!
jd barnum : just started playing, so far it's challenging but i'm enjoying it.
d h : was a bad app/game and it is kak
khalid mehmood : it 's the worse game.never this game
dharani kumar : great game but i doesnt go to level 8
zaphaneth puplampu : wouldn't load quickly enogh
mister sinnester : think it is great simulation and i really enjoy the game!!
waseem khan : this very interesting game l like it sooo much
vincentius geraldi : could be a better game if you make me as one of your character
gokul : guys what are the upgrades are to be done in wind bike to get maximum speed please help
pola jee : fun,tricky,amazing thrilling game one of my favs
ismael lugo : i like the game. it should be a bit easier to gain coins than it is though.
eesh choksi : the game is very good but you should improve it more
abhay : its interesting good graphic n control i love this game
beatriz hernandez : i cant pass a misson because of the maker of the game keeps on hacking
the screener : this is the great game which i have played and i am telling that because of my experience.
logicwolf : this game is very fun and addictive it is also very time consuming
vinay sonar : completely awesome game what a mind who discovered the game and levels handoff best wonderful awesome etc etc
iron fist : i truefuly love this game when i get home its a game i can play
gautam jain : must be awarded with the worst game of the century
gary shephard : frustrating at times,but highly addictive
epar arisen : an awesome app its super fun
dev x airsoft & gaming : it is super addicting and super fun love the graphics and the hot chick
ojmetro 17 : good graphics and game play really would suggest giving it a go
martyn whistance : easy to learn and some nice challenging levels
floyd lund : i love trials games and this is my favorite
subash kumar : i like this game thanks play store you chance me to play this amazing game
venu gopal : it's awesome game and super never played this game in my life
frankie wilson : i love this game it is seriously challenging at times
2-4 wheels sa : very fun. difficult, but fun
mirtunjay singh : this game is awesome let me tell it is bakers
peter pitro : this game is awesome. great graphics and great courses.
gato pacino : it's the best game to play to waste time even offline
bryan casares : need more money and races with no bet
micheal marshall : it's a wonderful game with some of the best graphics on a mobile device
dumb stuff : it is fun but i can't play with no money
ron haynes : this game is unbelievable! 5 star's
jarman pannu : nice game but control are no-good
frederick amupolo : this game is awesome.. the graphics,controls everything it's perfect. it's a must have game.
brian janssen : physics don't even come close to reality
a google user : i really like it was interesting very cool
marco o'neill : it's awesome just wish it could be bit more realistic
dustin thayer : great but you only go in a straight line
caleb clauda : it's very fun and addicting to play and the practice mode is really fun
zhaman torres loong : really having fun with this game. i like it so mich
hamish drummond : it's one of the best games like this iv come across
sunjal singh : this game is very interesting and profound effect on your learning process with the remaining pastry and profound effect on your learning process with the retail sector is not just a bit too much to lau and profound effect on your learning process
lemi mundonga : super awesome best motorcycle game ever played
justin evans : loved it a lot can you make a new game
control : it was awesome i love that this is the best game ever
conquestyt : game is relly good checkout my youtube channel
john holt : i enjoy playing this game and it's one of my favorets
send nudes : could really tell tx3 is way better than this.
goutham cs : it's amazing i really loved it
steven beavers : nice game, could use quicker bike upgrades though
ethan maloney : its a good trials game and a good way to pass the time
kyle rice : fun game but can be challenging
dgs bollox : best moto x game by far
alayaan ali : yeah it's good game i can spend my time on this game
j : fun game. not too fond of the ads.
kimberley davidson : i love it because it has dirt bikes in it
v rell : very cool game keep it up
a google user : nice game it is really a time killer
jaylen mccorkle : this game is so amazing and awesome
tariq alsuad : well the game did not start
nathan thomas : i love this game nothing beats this game like it's self
jonnie waters : game is awesome.just the right amount of chalange.good control
a google user : good but control are not good
moose chops : hi just wondering what has happened to the free 4 all tournament as of 19/03 ?
dennis didominicus : great game kicks ass on all levels.
sudhir jayant : i am waiting for new version
abhishek sengar : its amazing game. must try.
dj jesse : it's a really good game
bobbi click : it is amazing and they did amazing with the graphics and gameplay.
a google user : i think i is a good game with good grafics
andrew bear : love trials love the head to head action
ashton mckay : this is a good game with nice opponerts
lokesh mallela : i love this game very much
jasdeep nijjar : it is really extreme i love it
dilan g : fun as hell fast nice graphics
shubham ojha : vary good game in bike race
lane pavlicek : sucks big hairy monkey balls
a google user : well done very fun to play
aksh kohli : very interesting game its amazing
a google user : this game is so amazing.
bradan fickas : wish the timing wasn't so short on the 3 world
pagalni motu : this game is awesome download this game gyz
chinos savage vlogs : i like it because you can race
syed imran hafeez : very good application really very intersted
mahadev hardware : this game's grafic is cool
adam deacon : great game. very adictive
503 stinka : it's a good and cool game
clokkyy : i think this is a awesome game!
pushpa raj : yea, this game is so fun.hd grafic and more, it's injoy.
estheak ahmed : not interested,,,,,,how can be #1....
shah salim : good game... but wanted more coins asap
vansh chaudhary : plz help me out....it is not working...only showing grassland screen....wrost game ever download....
unknown user : it's a cool game!
4txken : this game is fire. great graphics and gameplay.
christophor taravella : hell yeah i've been waiting for this moment now it came yes yes yes yes
shadow noriega : its a great game it so fun...
aarnav dutta : the best biking game ever ...... i just loved it
madan neupane : game is speechless..
asmita pulai : it's so cool
jon gadomski : i love this game u should download it!!!!
pemba sherpa : nice and easy to hack.
night crawler : it's a good game
rydizzle 2008 : all right i guess:-)
roice rulon-king : fun as. hell-0
isaiah keys : y'all have a great game
sebastien sarrazin : it's simply amazing
norman adams : it's pretty good
izaya saigai : compared to tx3 this is horrible
nico murrell : it glitches sometime
lawrence townsend : it's awesome and fun
juliet caranguian : really fun!
lee jones : like playing the game but the last 2 days i just get the connecting screen and thats it wont load up or anything
srinu ambati : it's a marvellous game
bob : very very very bad really
maharshi bhavsar : super smood game awesome
kk maulana : great game great graphic
bhavya bajaj : best racing game addictive
klosy klos : it is verry fun i loved it
zhivko dimitrov : it is really addictive game
eshaa ryder4me : best entertainer game when i was tension
koty alan : poor customer service. bought $19.99 worth of coins. no coins redeemed altho the money was taken from my google play...hmmm
poonam basfor : very nice game.....
purav achary : online game but it is good
sasquatch hunter : its fun and passes time
william logan : great game 0 10th
anshdha chinchmalatpure : it was good i love it
danbam 9 : nice keeping up the updates
ayush raj : a greatest app ever
a google user : i think its great
all in one : very smooth and interesting game
nomi gujjar : amazing and realy time adicting
aditya ram : i loved this game
dhark.cascade : this game is completely trash
melissa osbourn : it's awesome
rene malan : it's awesome
hannah dylan : it's good
jayanta das : quiet good game with good graphics
mark mcavoy : best game . when is trial extreme 5 coming?????
sandeep sahu : sick game
bhavani tant house ratangarh shiv bhaghwan prajapat : nice game for bike
lloyd hayslip : hard but fun
muhammed salman.h : superb off road
sally meola : it was a lot of fun
zachary grimes : it is a great game
galib abrar : one of the best ever
jeremiah prestegard : pretty sweet game
d son15 : very fun and addicting
a google user : it is so awesome
aggro cobo : super grinding cool
triply bands : this game is fun
a google user : this game is awesome
mohammad amjad : i love this game
douglas perrine : fun and addictive game
321 gaming boy : everything is awesome love it
will efurd : it is awesome with offline
christopher walsh : i love this game
tanker 4362 : i think it is awesome
kareem babu : great game loved it
j d : it is so cool
marc akoury : nice and best game
kenneth brookes : always love this game
a google user : this is fantastic game
the bredeaus : insanely awesome game
aaron gates : fun to play by god
i am hacker rauf sdg team rauf : this game is awesome
matthew jones : if is so fun
king dre : the game is cool
sean may : cool game love it
brandon eastek : it is so fun
a google user : its a good game
pranay verma : awsum game love it
vatsal jakhar : this game is best game
diwash grg : this game is awesoom
gareth hoyle : cheeky little number
wedding fanning : love the game
rodrigo gallegos : simple and fun
dawson gutzman : great game
brett hallberg : cool game
tom rilling : great game
lancealot houston : great game
ashley moon : it is the best
william allen : its was good
krishna chandra kundu : waiting for some new.
tyrell gibbs : good graphics
muzamil ibrahim : it s ok
kl forever : it not start
lance black horn : super addicting game!
ethan adams : won of the best
sean lebo : its cool
ok bye : great graphics
lego builder : it awsome
anabell martinez : it is fun
alec muirhead : it cool
carlo chico : this is good
al jamieson : very addictive
rob james : love this game
deepak swami : cool game
robert powell : great game
dylan hartmann : great game
rupesh ram 2261 : awesome fantastic
todd yendell : its good
casey willmert : great game
cj fuentes : great game
carlos ortiz : cool
ps4 myth : addictive
dale smith : cool
beatbox master : cool
a google user : cool
kikostoyanov golf : cool
deon golden : cool
abdul haseeb : feature's more
nikhil nepal : asome game
christian shreves : it is asom
yash yadav : osm graphic
a google user : riding experience
nova boi : maybe wrk on the textures
alan g : game is way to glichy
sumit ghosh : totally challenged game
allan boyce : this is like trial fusion
sanidhya agarwal : one of the shittest game
md: ashikuzzaman : its sogood
connor goldsworthy : wicked game
seema sharma : what a real game
endless gaming : awsomeness
lee's lunchbox : shoestring
arno koopman : my previous comments were written out of frustration of constantly fouling at almost every turn because you just cant see the wider play area, you dont know what obstacle is next and have to repeat a stage multiple times in order to get anywhere when competing . and so, yet again i find myself uninstalling the game due to simple frustration of having to restart or play a level 50 times only to find its a "roll of the dice win" in the end, i strongly believe its due to visibility of the wider play area. it really sucks. and this game series was one if my favourite ones it ends up being more of a anger genenator than a fun exciting game like tx3. upgrades on the bike are hardly visible during game play, even after spending tons on improving power and jump power. other than that....
calvin guest : trial xtreme 4 used to be great but since the recent update it's rubbish. for starters upgrading the bikes is ridiculous as you can't tell which parts are better than the others as the scales show no indication of improvement unlike the original.
bryan charanza : fun game but as you get better bikes and upgrade they keep placing me against people with better bikes than what i have. makes it hard to earn money to keep upgrading. easy way to make it hard enough to force you to buy money to get ahead. i'll get 4 or 5 of the top bikes in a row and then placed against someone with a beginner bike that's been upgraded to outrun my upgraded mid range bike?? just doesn't make sense. seems like it's just rigged against the player.
pintu kumar bhattacharjee : best bike game i every played but there's some bugs where the bike tires get stuck an also some weird glitches happen & during the game and the last thing i want to know that the screenshot that are shown here can be done in the game particular the back view one's aside all this nice game and hope to make more games like this in future
harry s : i would like to give the game a good rating. it is good. the only problem is that it won't save anything at all. when i turn it off and come back later it restarts me at the beginning and i lose all upgrades and earnings. tried reinstalling to no effect.
lee drury : games great. still has a few glitches. also had issue at start but developer sorted within a few days.
andy hamill : full marks well addictive completely ok not to spend any cash hours of fun. top game guys.
derek brownell : well the obvious hackers and way to much money to get a upgrade for it let you race way higher cass bikes but, when you use that same bike it's locked =%
epic gaming : best online bike racing game with offline practise modes.awasome graphics also made it no. 1 bike racing game in the world.but only one disadvantage is that it consumes much space .. but overall it's a best game i have ever played..
a google user : played this for quite some time. got to the best bike with all the top end features. still see people blowing me away on straight aways. jumping twice as far, at what point will the dev admit they've got a major hacking problem?
r3joy : i have been playing these games ever since the first trail xtreme came out. i apsalutoly love it 5 stars
teck info : you are listening can you plese solve the bugs i have wasted my precious earnings for internet connection on this game
tom milverton : ok game, unlocking levels is annoying. too far away from proper trials
hahan zr : i think this is the funniest game i ever had when fall i always laugh hahaha. maybe this is the one of the coolest game and easy to play
harry : love the game good graphics good sound no lag at all but when i open the game to play it now this happen every time it's asking back to the first race you have to do in the game and it dumps all my progress i kind you mad and i could do it all over again and the game does the same thing again so maybe if someone could fix a problem it would be great overall his is a really good game i give it 7 out of 10
shipu mehta : a very adictive game in which you are not bore with challanges and different kind of stages
sheri finney : when i could get into the game it was great! but 90% of the time it crashes
dennis whoknows : hey guys u did a great job on that. but music could be better and some locations are too fantastic but why not! hope find soon a stuff like that but with tricks, realtime multiplayer mode! thanks anyway!
phoenix gaming : its really fun and passes time and it is fun on trip but on offline it sucks because you can't purchase anything
nicholas christensen : it's amazing other than the fact you can't really play it and have fun unless you waste money on upgrades. absolutely disgusted!
jesse hurley : whoever made this game i will hunt you down and ducking kill you
randy bobandy : terrible game no help when unsure of how to complete the level stuck on a bit in the first level 8
sangeet shukla : disappoint!!! something is missing it can be either missing proper graphics or physics in the game applied on character or environment. it is like there are so many games with similar things.
sanjay thanawala : it's rubbish i am download 300mb this game and it's not start
ben marijn : most glitchy ragey game on the app store do not play
administrator : large download, average graphics, wants access to your contacts.
seth thornton : bad games need to be shut down
a google user : it is an amazing game i loved it,it is a really good game for people who like motor bikes.
anurag vyas : super nd 3d game so wonderful enjoyed..i love this game
alberto ucancial : it is fun and addictive and it is challenging, and keeps you from being bored
matthew beardsley : it's a really good game enjoy playing it in my spear time
pradeep yd : this is awesome game,awesome graphics and time killer i love it..
corey heard : awesome game but needs some more offline activities
ray zanidean : u have a decent game but when i duel someone and i am waiting for them to complete a time...my duel disappears and i lose the money...whats going on here? i cannot archive it...its just gone
bobby mccarthy : is good but wish i could do more offline
ruth mitchell : top game and great fun kept me amused and very addictive
lee mableson : closing the ads are impossible without being pushed to the playstore, pixel
jooe : very good game the best bike racing game awosme game thanks for creating it
nsanemx72 : fun game ! buy it so that you do not have pop up adds
justin willis : its hard to catch up.
satyajeet shinde : excellent game quite addictive, the only thing that i hate is loading
thomas brisco : one of the most challenging games i've played.
dylan watt : fun but could hve beatter controls
vandy yansa : amazing! i can play this game all day long
thomas : changed my rating because when my phone broke and i got a new one and installed this app again there was no cloud save under my facebook or my google play account so now i am starting from scratch on a game that i was originally quite far in and had spent money on will change the rating if you can help
ismael rivera : i love this very much cool game
araya rusher : i love this game its really fun
nick boucher : not bad once you get the hang of it
caydan jonasch : it was ok just please do some updates
rachel bebb : it's really good but because they can help you
lovely whatsaap stutus : maja aa gaya very best game of world
a google user : only one control option? at least give the option to use the tilt sensor. the first game in this series was amazing.
a google user : i love the game good graphics.
juan carlos andrade : trial xtreme 4 has good trials
a google user : its a fantastic game with good controls and graphics
charles rowan : out of all of them, this 1 is the best
renee gibas : every level should b unlocked for free
aakash rebello : awesome graphics and levels , great work
rtk #soni : must play if you hardworker
miv williams : good game but annoying at times
richard watson : i really like the idea of what i can do
#jaxx starkey : this is a great game for all of us
yash dubey : most incredible bike game ever
vince jones : cool game been playing it for a while
dave gaches : great game but after taking ages up grading bike and doing loads of levels it has just restarted me back to level 1 and the first bike you start with so have to start all over again from scratch not to impressed
tom pannett : amazing game!!! well worth download
n7o3 nh : amazing love the ragdol physics and love game
jmorris101 : i really enjoy this game.
ankit patel : i love this game.. apsulitly amazing game..
alex kasper : the button controls should have an option to adjust/customize.
andre mackey : it's a cool game.
a google user : it's cool and fun
rana adeel : such a awsome game .
jordan seschillie : i love it keep going with the games
parvinder singh : addictive drug should taste
adrian felix : one of the best motorcycle games
vupander garaval : i love games to play
jose calderon : great game!!
eric horban : this game is great
jay atkins : pretty good game
a google user : itss good for kids
sathya narayana : control is very very good
the origaming king : amazing game love the game
josh lennen : all in all the game is addicting
yogendra sonar : nic graphic on this game
ab jus fun : this is a osam game
fitzroy roberts : great game
luke hanson : it's a challenge
ziad tarek : no backwards
maarten smid : download it
octavian patrick : bext
a google user : coool
aaron wallace : boss
a google user : cool game challingen game nice graphics it doesn't go five frames per second cuz i hate games like that i'll just delete them some people like this game some people don't wanna deal with it . i read peoples comments they don't like they would rate it like 1 star i rated 5 good job developers of the game thank you for reading my comment
kevin trinder : i have had this game for a long while now. the update at xmas sorted out all the bugs. but now with the last update when ever i play the physics are slow to react making it very hard to pit a good time. also there is no restore button anymore. when i got a new phone i lost all my progress and money which wasn't good. hopefully this can get sorted.
yusuf imdad borah : superb gameplay..... but in my opinion the tx3 was a bit better....in terms of thrills n gameplay. so may be i'll suggest i guys beef up and make it even better. but ur newest addition "dirt xtreme" which is still on early access is gonna get beaten very badly. it was a surprise as what deemedya has come up with. i mean how u've come up with such a lousy game and even the graphics suck as if we're still on 2d games and why on face of earth does the bike crashes into pieces just falling into the bog or the ditches, theres nothing much to maneuver and less gameplay. please don't release like that. tx4 rocks.
jason tripp : will no longer load game. it goes into the startup mode and freezes my device. i have to shut my device off to get past it.
jack mills : game 'lost' my profile numerous times, very stressful considering money was spent on this game.
mon valley kicks : i been playing for a year straight and now today the game wont load. i never missed a day for collecting coins. very upset
nick crosby : stupid game exits out to home screen every time before i can even play it. have not been able to play at all. if i could give it 0 stars id give it 00.
rickie slone : the tracks are interesting to say the least, but a they are good. the bikes and upgrades are pricey , but it is a decent game to pass time.
israk karishma : in the free 4 all tournament, how can someone score those times which are impossible with first bike. for sure, they are using mod/hacks. plz short it out
miguel figueroa : played and downloaded countless motorcycle action games. hands down best graphics, easy controls yet equally continuously challenging. i recommend a try.
lendzyboi : honestly, this is the best bike game i ever played there's multiplayer events and duels it's so awesome it deserves 5 stars
josh : worst game ever, graphics really bad, so many bugs and glitches, things in the game are more expensive than if it were to be a real trials bike, do not recommend downloading it, it is a waste of space.
alex veatch : has a long of glitches. it's fun but there is a lot of bugs that need to be worked out, really bad!!
amita shukla : the controls need some work. the acceleration automatically stops.stops even if i have pressed the accelerator button. fix that
cruz isaacs : you should put a campaign where you don't lose money and for some reason i instally died for some reason on level 3 of thailand.
keegan nunez : i finally started to get better and faster and all of sudden my profile was wiped every time i open the app. not to mention i paid a dollar for the beginner pack. pisses me off
joshua zeh : love all the trials games. this ones great but upgrades are a pain
aaron mitchell : the tiny little problem is sometimes it glitches but other than that its great
richard white : awesome game the only problem i have with the game at all is the up grades are a little high on price..would be better if there was other ways to make money besides racing other people...other than all that it's very fun and addictive!!
william gourley : no way to turn off the background music. pain in the ass when listening to radio.
a google user : during in game purchases, a password should always be asked but wasn't. son made a purchase after i said no. my son was able to purchase coins without google play asking for a password. grrrrr
jay carter : good game and addictive but the free version has way too many adds
christopher airey : can't put it down! keep killing my battery!!! update: still can't put this down! the more challenging the level, the longer i keep at it. it's super fun and if you enjoy actual challenges in your games, not just "tap and collect" b.s. you'll dig this one!
kenny kaye : well was working fine but for the last week it keeps saying sorry server down for maintenance which is fine if it's not for days at a time
zachary conlon : wiped my game completely even what i paid for and now puts me into tutorial everytime i open this app!! not impressed
quincy jarrett : i spent money on this game and when i closed it out i lost what i spent i either need tis fixed or my refund
logan labine : it is the best game ever made in the world and i play it every day at school in every thing i do at school l
andrew sheen : too little money given and too much taken for entry so doesnt work well
christopher hamblin : the game is fun but has a few glitches and you have to have wifi to update
eric s. : its challenging and fun. ill give it five stars probably after ive played a little more.. ok. ive played it some more. yup. its good..
angel kitty rose : really good game another one of those games that is a great way to kill time
tony fontes : the only downside of this game is the duels take way too long
yugansh gupta : just an ok game its not an super amazing game with so much addiction to it
abhishek gupta : game is very awesome but the problem is that it gives many advertisement in only 2 minutes
martyn sullivan : really addictive one of the best games out in a long time
john wade : i bought the add free and extra coins in the beginning spent it all on my bike and still can't even beat the first opponent. over 40g coils into that first bile right off the bat and can't beat the very first guy? crazy.
kevin gonder : fun game, still learning, i crash a lot
abdullah : it is a good game , dont listen to the others i like it , download it now
erin yarbrough : i think this is the best dirt bike game in the history of dirt bike games.it is awesome please get it!
bonus ducks : this is one of the best motorbike game ever played i will rate it 100 stars if i could
john cooper : it's a really good game but i like games like this.
runbandz mik3 : very fun and nice graphics and great game to boost up ur focus and concentration
longboardnc aron tussey : this game is great. challenging and fun. not to hard but not to easy
nova : it's an awesome game great graphics just awesome motorcycle game of the year of 2017
a google user : this is the best game ever it helps take time away and stuff every one should have it
jymal etienne : this is a good game and fun to play so i would give this a all the star's
terrence engel : been playin this game a year or two now never had issues with loving the new aditions
richard moore : fantastic game, can't get off it. next step? maybe stick in some tricks like x fighter style?
darren bussard : it's hard and i have bipolar.. but i love it great game
william bauer : good game just wish u could have all the bikes and all the tracks unlocked
darkhawk 253 : so fun i play it at school on periods and at lunch
salman khan : it was very nice game do download karo or play it
darren cawkwell : awesome but my 5yr old is better than me
monwarul choudhury : this is game is soooooooo much interest you know it's so nice just love it
sharma boy's : game is very good and funny best graphic images
datta randive : awesome game really feels like the 4th generations of trial extreme
lesionread : love the gameplay, the music and sexism are super lame tho
mahesh ekkaldev : good game good graphics but not containing tilt
aw5ome gamer : i love this game this is the reason why i love bikes so much
fabian arambula : restarted me to the beginning when i was far into it
sultan khan : unlock stages process very slow
david welsh : the game stopped giving log in bonuses.
chinmay kulkarni : i liked it very much very good controlls
dominic mcdonald : it is a pretty cool game but i would upgrade the graphics a little bit
a google user : it is so fun like it's the best game in the world but it's not
barry allen : not bad kills the time
luis rubio : i think it is awsome! i love this game you should make game 5
ankit rana : very good actually better than asphalt extreme all other car and bike games
the one gamer : i love this game but the graphics sucks
krishnendu banik : superb control , and very challenging but really fun to play
broseph 24 : it cost too much for coin
dave allchurch : hours of endless fun highly recommended to all
christian ross : good game but gets really hard
cole ayhens : to many ads, would like more levels and money
pavan kumar : nice game if it is in offline it will be very good
akif aurittro : this game is not so bad
tina medeiros : i love it better than trial exream 1
l1mb0333 : great game like it good all around to try
a google user : it won't load. just says connecting and never loads
sautik vats : graphics are also very good!
stephen devlin : good addictive game with some hard courses
brody fontes : rily fun game i love it
alex wilkinson : won't load so not had chance to give a better review
matt garcia : legit game with versatile levels and options.
tiggy playz : its very good i used to think motorcyle games were rubish until i played this it got my hopes up
junior : will not let me stay on the app
alex lively : very good physics and control very fun
jpmh productions : great game but hard for new players
sean jenkins : it's cool in my book it's easy
a google user : this game is really fantastic.
mike clark : excellent, fun and challenging.
mathew sutton : love this game that much
kironmoy mondal : it's awsm game graphics are so beyond
a google user : i think you should motoc
shweta rane : dont keep the coins to play online
jonathan lea : this game is brill
zachary thomas : great game fun all around
a google user : it is the best game ever lol
muni muni : the missions tough and enjoy the game
imrhythms : awesome in always
pure rage : it's cool game with good graphics
beena meena : best bike game on play store
big joe : fun game worth it for sure.
michael putiri : you don't need access to my files, contacts, etc.. uninstalled
shelly klink : we some game to play.
dan wilson : was brilliant until ypu deleted my first profile which i was far on an now u wont give me money i win shame i really liked this
zachary kalina : it could use some touch ups but over all it is okay.
rowdee elting : it's awesome
party poison : stuped game is not responding plzz fix waited so long ti down load and now it wont work game is pushing my limit plz fix looking forward to play in future thanks
dw music : it shows its connecting and it never loads the game.
scout 2626 : challenging...good graphics...no lagging
shivapremi : superb wrk...nic gaming
abrar czar : its good.... actually time killer
jake diakite : very nice...so sweet.
maxo antenor : it's a good game
prashanta sa : nice game.. i luv it's graphic.....
david clements : love this week game...
anil kumar : extremely fun game to play
marcelous freeman : this game is solo fun
cody campbell : very addicting
vicki north : great game also addictive
a google user : awesome way to pass time
a google user : the only definition of this is fun
fire burna : it is sow lovely
liam hacker : the best game ever
blue shark : it's awesome
rusty siska : fun game challenging
abhi jadhav : awesome so nice
sean dever : great game
korey jacobs : this is cool
jamesw 15 : this is a great game
baby babu : i love this game
arun singh : i love this game
a google user : this is interesting game
clorox bleach : its a peace of god
ankit tiwary : nice and challenging game
joshua de jesus : it can be use for offline
bilal ahemad : superb photographic
dwayne watkins : fun and good graphics
crystal barrow : more bikes please
michael fisher : great game
brandon ensley : it is fun
t myers : great game
ricky lake : great game
jaxson robert : awsome bro
ankit korde : it is addictive
oscar judd : it is awsome
a google user : very cool
derek fortress : great game
bradley godown : love this game
david johnson : great game
brock hornsby : the best
dayne liski : great game
ryder dobbins : cool
dil on : cool
rabden bhutia : addictive
johnny hinkley : hilarious
guranmol singh : high 5
tino herrera : addicting
bangman drako : sucks
derek piehl : addicting
tyler tisdale : assom
brian melancon : best bike game ever made. before i was mad because it wouldnt let u win and you would be forced to race against three classes ahead of you. but they just fixed that. this game is soo addictive and fun (as all trials have been) u cant stop playing. you'd b afool not to play it. oh i forgot. all u guys with your oversized bikes. u still suck
josh lubeck : there's no advantage to winning races or scoring points. you pay to race and lose points if you lose. if you do win and upgrade your bike you magically get paired with better people so you lose points so you can't even race to move ahead in the game. no matter how fast you are you'll get paired with someone who will beat your best ever race by a huge margin. extremely annoying.
mack carr : i've been racing this franchise since the beginning (bought everything). access to more tracks after mastering the free ones would get more stars. guess i'm just used to the older versions with lots of accessible tracks. love the tournament set up, though. i'll keep playing those.
damon lopez : it looked interesting. entertainment factor is there for all of 10 minutes. a lot of ads, but it's hard to complain about ads when youre playing for free. the option to do races in a single player setting to earn coins would be cool. only way to proceed with the game is by betting other players for a set number of coins, which doubles your grind time because as soon as you start winning it pairs you against more difficult players until you start losing again. so you make your coins just to lose them.
mohammad saroar : i think developer fix all the bugs & control problem in update version. so i can give 5 stars it now
simon carter : there aren't enough swear words in the english language to describe this diabolical nonsense. i also don't have enough time to describe why it's so terrible. just take my word for it, it's worse than a donald trump and hilary clinton debate.
william mccallum : i love this game, but hate the feature where you have to do multi player to get get three stars
binit shaw : the physics is not good enough as it was in trial xtrm 3...the bunny hop and suspension are very hard ...plz fix it
jay holme : terrible game. don't recieve money from completing tracks. i have the best bike in the game fully upgraded and it lost at against the worst bike. basically a grinding game.
carl simmons : great game. far too many ads. not enough options to remove straight away
glen boonzaier : uninstalling as the game forces you to watch video ads. the game is also very glitchy. fun for a while but then just mundane and boring.
mark hawes : great game but each day i start from the beginning even after paying for the app. very disappointing. samsung galaxy 6
tony martin : xmas update is awful. made the bikes slower and makes it impossible to win anything. after months of enjoying it, i'm uninstalling it
meynard magoli : why do players cant earn gold or coin in offline mode.. and why dont u put an option wherein we will gonna race for a price ..i mean not a bet its because i'm a begginer of this game and im starting to hate it its because i'm used to matched up with friends that had a stronger bike than i am..that's why i'm hopeless to win and i can't earn cash for an upgrade.
paul a c : installed this as i've got trials 3, was expecting more of the same, instead its been trashed with ad's, more buy this crap and the worst mechanics i've ever seen in a game, did you shoot the chief programmer half way through making it then just say ah that'll do?? absolute waste of memory and bandwidth. terrible game.
jefd clark : addictive game. loved playing and unlocking levels as i progressed but now i'm trying to come up with the coins to unlock the last level. glad ya'll give me the daily allowance.
chris stewart : first it's very difficult to get started and earn money. but that's fair. but your game is very glitchey and i just watched the first place tournament ride and it was apparent he was cheating cause he hovered over the whole course and and went through buildings so what's the point of even playing a racing game if u can't win unless u cheat fix your game.
paul sefton : i had this game on my iphone and loved it but since getting it on my samsung i've been forced to start again 4 time meaning the levels i had opened and money i had won is lost! and all upgrades to the bike have also been lost, i've tried again and still it's tutorial first and no money!!
hugo hill : i dont mind ads in a free game, but when they are in the middle of play i get f#ucking angry
rex harland : its a blast to this play. but could u add an offline mode like time trials where u still can earn coins for your character
flow wolf productions : it's so fun bad graphics i think a improvement would be good but the game is fun i recommend this game
ackrite11 : you need to fix the glitches where it throws you off track.
gid po : awesome! new holiday courses regularly. you can spend money and beat it fast or be patient and the game rewards you well for coming back each day! needs new courses though. lol!
daniel purvis : spent more time watching loading screens and trying to close ads than playing the game. given the complexity of everything you have i shouldn't have to wait a minute or more between takes
dylan forsyth : fun, time-killer. extremely overpriced in-game purchases and overly buggy.
shawn peterson : diverse levels, great tracks, fast and interactive. ive been playing this game for years and its still the best. figured its time to rate finally. top notch customer service as well, that can be important. thanks peeps
klypz x : the prices are too much money and some clothes are ugly pants
hieu minh : if you want to win, you have to waste a large amount money. that why i uninstall this game!
jayden yates : i like challenging apps and this has jist that plus great graphics with a choice to have tilt or controls.
kevin corrigan : i loved it it is one of my favourites but one thing is his hand keep disappearing
a google user : the absolute best moto game on the market. 10,000,000 stars!
vasim inamdar : if you love bike games this one is for you certainly......various difficulties and controls are very fine...loved it.
james fowler-pasch : game was good until you took a bunch of the gear away that i spent with my money, all the air force and military style hoodies and the nice helmet
sk das : not so good graphics, average game play
xx xxkanexx : it's a fun game with great graphics and solid gameplay.
marios georgiou : very nice game, excellent controls, graphics and support from the development team. highly recommended.
ray maddi : wowoo ....graphics some laval r very hard but this is cool game i love it...
younus khan : i'm playing only trial xterem 4 this game is looking real
cole zollars : great graphics overall fun game to play i'd inspire this to others to play
brad jacoby : great way to pass time. uses a bit of battery life though.
redlox : in christmas festive there is so many ads when im playing in the duel the ad pop up fix it plz
rylee h : garbage. impossible to upgrade without paying. uninstalled.
jaylen bushong : best bike game i ever had and good graphics and more
ddr_shadow mozez : awesome and more cheap prices and some maps should be easy
amj mechanical : i loved cause is the best motorcycle game
tony coyner : can't stop playing
debojyoti dey : it is the best motocross game ever i have played.the graphics are also good
kenny salazar : love this game. really fun to play.
rahul vishwakarma : please make all game offline
ali driver : takes too long to get money
char lie : very fun and extremely addicting
shahbaz ahmad : this game is crazy bike racing i like very this game
kevin corbett : entertaining and pulls at ur inner competitor
daron o'fennell : way better
jake brand : awesome found absolutely nothing wrong with the game
dank panda : but there are some bugs
tony straub : great game. addicting! competitive!
ethendo : it wouldn't let me play
jake edwards : can cost 4500 for a race and only get 2000 a day? absalute shambles of a game
aman shiekh : there should be more maps and a stable bike.
hayden moreno : it wants all your info
van lambert : need more tracks. great game
kushagravi singh123 : this game is hard but so good i love this
thefunkster : this game is the best trail extreme game in the world
lewis floyd : the best control ever
seth lyden : love this game
matthew weber : alot of fun to play
neela batumalai : bad stupid game ever in my life!!!
a google user : you should add streets
euan de bruyn : can not save the game
khan tushar 2 : mediocre ,,,,, it should be upgraded with new graphics .
corey brinker : this game is very fun i had actually stopped playing it for awhile because i had reached the point where i had everything for the bikes done but now that they added all the different bike mods it brought me back to enjoying it again
ravin hurhangee : 10/10 , addictive game !
zander peters : i cant stop playing
dominic davis : can't mute the sound, weak.
haitham elgamal : it's good game
dylan guilliams : love it. challenging.
ekpal singh sarai : so addictive
sukumar mishra : graphics is so good
ryan l : very cool
m nix : great free game
hdb shizz : great game
austin : great game
hardik patel : this is superb game
tapas kundu : its awesome
mark gault : great game
derek horrell : cool
sidney courtney : great game
george morgan : exciting
brandon carskadon : passes the time...
david oberhausen : it sucks
nicholas scaccia : this game is never-ending fun. they throw a nice twist at holiday time with bonus levels and challenges. ad's are minimal, compared to other free games, but can get annoying on the free trial. for a small fee you can get rid of them. regardless, this game is constantly entertaining and they always throws unexpected twists to liven things up.
eddie. set. go kennamer : i had problems with the update and the tech team really worked to resolve the issue in a very speedy time. kudos to max also for constant communications during the issue.. 5 stars across the board
tim caisse : loaded on my new s6egde+ played a couple times all my bikes and money were there went to play the 3rd day and it started over lost everything, pissed what the f#&*
jesse sorokowski : the halloween version was fantastic and i played it every day. the new christmas update is terrible and i really dislike the game now. used to be my favorite game
hmm don't get it : gameplay is good, but matchmaking still un-balance. racing with other people who already had a better bike makes the player had to pay-to-win.
h0moph0b1c g0at : the new update with christmas i have no problem with but the new controls are horrible and makes it frustrating to play
steven white : halloween update was awesome. christmas update is not.....the physics completely suck. the bike can barely keep on the ground! why fix something that wasn't broke. was loving this game up until now. sort it out please and ill gladly give 5 stars
furman smith : the most retared dirt bike game ever.
a google user : lost everything i earned since the upgrade pls fix everytime i log in start from scratch whats going on pls fix thsn it will be 5 stars not starting this game from the beginning no way its hard enough to do all that again.
tbz : i've played the xbox one version, nice little picket size, free version. not bad.
t farr : i thought there would be settings
dashing mahar : very nice racing game really love it !
roy hutchison : love the game need more games like this
ryno harmse : the last 2 updates suck . the deuls expire and im supose to win but its just gone .
abhishek ranjan : graphics
aryan dogra : very nice game
gopalkrishna bhambri : the best
adnan haider : very superb game
andrew clitheroe : love the game
stephen clark : addictive and fun
sachin savkare : there are ways to earn coin in game, you play a race if you win you get double coin you paid as entry fees.players will defeat you again and again. so you will end up upgrading your bike by paying coins hoping you would win. as soon as you upgrade it you will be contested with tougher opponent with more upgraded bike in the same race track. the game doesn't even have real time players. it records and makes you race against that recording of other player. you can just progress by upgrading but cannot earn .
simmy si : tried to load the game 3 times. and waited 5 minutes each time. just for it to keep crashing and freeze my phone. maybe would of rated better. if it had actually worked to be able to play
ishita desai : game's good but the new update isn't better than the before one yaa however it's the best bike game out there
dustin blocker : fun.challenging.awsome graphics! it really only needs more levels,upgrades and less adds.very addictive.
comedy king : not good every time i go onto it it only shows the title and goes back off again
matthew williamson : the game is a great game and i have recently had a problem that there support team was quick to resolve and fix for me. they fixed my app back to the way it was within a couple days of me contacting them.
shiva viplove : good game graphics but it difficult to complete next stages
amk studios : it's a good game but it's gets hard a little bit
barzakh project : a great game so funny . no lag love it
shane abrams : i think it's a great game but also tough to earn money
elena stickel : thanks for a good game. 7 year old boy
md akash : addicted games,good graphics awesome it is a really really very good games in the world
hector rivera : but could use some tips on how to get over obstacles that are too hard and maybe make the biker guy jump a little higher
stephen pepperdine : this is a fun game butt if you get a time high enough to get into the top 10 it will throw an error at you and not give you your time i've tried over and over
coy block : uninstalling.....won't let you play unless you give them full access to your phone.
mary george : controls are awesome
eli wilder : the screen is black.
ratnarao valluri : nice!it's about the soul of bike racing
a google user : i love this game so much
sudip das : it's a great game for android....but please make the game off line and change the mode of unlocking levels... . . . . please make it off line....it's a awesome game,i ever played
harsh jaiswal : for bike racing lovers the game is osm so download it and take the real experience
chris farrant : love it, great game to pass the time
anuj : the 5star is too small for rathing this game
j mohamed arshath : it has good graphics quality ,and good gameplay
pablo : this game is addicting you should install it.
jessie jones : great game.
foxy 590 : it so cool to play so so so cool to play
game zone : i play the game......and it seems awesome....
aurangajeb molla : this is it
vlad vasiura : cool just remove the ads
bayron sandoval : multiplayer online game this is lit
riaan tiearney : evwr
watchdog 165 : i don't play every day but then i lose my progress but if i do paly evryday then it saves my progrees. plz fix then i will reinstall
jemssarv : this game was my favorite for years until the halloween update. it now has horrible lag, and the bike is very unresponsive and glitches out if you hit a jump too hard. i have also lost hundred of thousands of coins in duels because apparently 24hrs to complete a duel is only a few hours in reality. i finished my part of a duel at 6am, and by 11am it said i had missed it. i hate to delete this app as it is my go-to, but it has become unplayable.
logan a : while it is a fun and addictive game, but it constantly lags no matter how good internet is. this can be extremely annoying when trying to do something in a tournament that requires delicate timing. can happen multiple times per match. take it for someone who has had this game for many months, they have not fixed it and do not seem to have any drive to fix it. p.s. the new halloween update made it worse, which i did not think was possible...
andrew fournier : seems like every time i get really close to being in 1st place on a tournament that it magically displays a blank win then reset to the home screen and my place hasn't moved. update still having a problem with construction level 1
martyn watts : the new games physics are totally off and have made this go from one of the best games ever to totally awful. also, i play mostly duels and am ranked highly (top 100 in uk, top 1000 world) but the 24 hour time given to respond to an opponents time isn't working properly so when i think i've got time to respond and then go to take my turn i've lost the duel because the time has ran out in as little as two or three hours! will play this game no more. big shame.
cleanshotgaming chillnewfie : sooo rotted!! spent countless hours building everything up and beating lvls to open it one day with everything gone, now every time i open up the game it starts everything over. not happy, for that reason i am deleting this game, not happy and only for i have to rate it to beable to write it a review i wouldnt give it any stars.
marmitejim : better game play and graphics but i'd hate to have to start with a crap bike, my one moan is after every round you have to go through the menu again to get back to your place whereas before you automatically progressed to the next course... it's a pain in the ass ?0:
l mb : come on deemedia, you've made 4 great trials games, what the hell happened here? go back, play tx winter, thats how a trials game should play. tx4 handles like a poor flash game imitation.. also get frame stutter on my 8 core 2.5ghz device
a google user : very tricky. as soon as you think you got the game down the next level throws you a curve keeps you playing
james fitzpatrick : took a great simple game like all the other trial extreme games and ruined it. i was glad when i seen there was finally a new trial extreme then literally 10 minutes latter i uninstalled it. the grafics and movement are worse than tx3. i found myself completely anoid and beyond disappointed.
jeff brittain : most retarded game i have ever played. if i could give this game a negative star i would probably put it at a negative 57 star. if i made this game i would run my head into a wall for a couple hours then jump in front of a train
steve hinkelman : game was fantastic, key word there is was. running very poorly ever since the halloween update. please fix and i will give a better rating. until then, every day is one day closer to me deleting the game all together.
matthew hegarty : i have been playing this game for ages and always enjoyed it till this latest update, bikes are harder to control the new river map is over complicated and very difficult to get 3 stars on, even when i did win a race it still didn't give me a star for it, wish i didn't bother updating it now.
clint o'riley : the new update is horrible, to much body movement. was just getting the older version then u had to do the update and changed it all. my no longer maxed out bike are no longer maxed out.
laxman p : previously before update, game is damn good...but after updated to the latest version...it is toooo bad. never try to download this game,untill bugs gonna fix and confirm by the developer.
travis taylor : there must me a cheat to this game because i've raced some of these courses almost perfect and get beat in the tournaments by 10 + seconds. there's no other logical explanation. it's impossible to go that much faster!
raghav dhanda : old version of this game is really awesome but this version is very complicated.
james stevens : you're supposed to get 24 hours to respond to a dual. this game is giving me less than five then telling me i ran out of time and costing me in game money. fix it and i will change my review
devin bustamante : you can literally watch the lag slow your character in air when jumping
matthew richards : this latest update is awful. when in a duel the timer counts down from 24 hours but it seems that this not the amount of time you actual get. i've missed my turn in the duels a number of time when only a few hours have passed
raihan han : good game. kinda technical though. when theres something wrong with the game, i emailed them and they revert quickly and solve the problem. great!!!
jessalyn s : i am.obsessed with this game! this game is so addictive! i encourage all, to install this game
arnu : lost all bike upgrades!!! bad update bike sucks upgraded engine again with no difference! ! this is pathetic cheers until you bring out new version that actually works.
sohail rangoonwala : i am not liking this new update..its very childish...please make it better again..halloween update sucks
elijah roucka : halloween up date lost this game 4 stars! less responsiveness in bike rotation and more bugs and glitches
parkour kids : soooooo many bugs it wouldn't even let me go and every time you die you have to wait 900000000000 seconds before even get to to continue and your opponent is passed the finish line by then
david green : it helps pas time and if you are really into games, it can make you mad.
nick allen : loved game until update. my bike all of a sudden has no power
mitchell mcmullen : its a good game ,it plays like the trials but it don't feel like a trials game
caleb robles : i thank this game is fun because you can play as person or a monster this game is realy fun because i could do backflips.
pe nady ro : i like it, but there is something wrong in speed button while playing
gareth hodgson : the new update is really bad no control what so ever
kevin buchanan : great graffics & good overall game. i had some issues with last update & trail team made everything right. 5 stars!!
mahbub hasan shojol : its very addictive & great graphics & the best xtreme i ever played before
jamie townsend : just pure bullshit now this game pausing crashing etc
jacob whitney : such lag lol what a terrible code
tommy anderson : game is very unrealistic with bad motor skills and graphics nothing really needs work all around just sucks
luis martinez : waste of time and storage
irfan khan : loved it... real good work by developers and support teams
cameron ackers : the update is horrible
toxic ascend : was good but when i race in online it is impossible to controll
j fraser : some times controls won't work for me not sure whats going on
greg cushman : don't download
daniel t dowd : won't let me play!! closes upon startup every time
bryson andrews : you can t really bet this amazing game
monty carlo : what happened i updated game now it suck please fix
reinhardt schmidt : the new update is by far the best
a google user : it's very good game but some of the levels are to hard
dan waldron : sucks ass
genesis : you can do a lot of stuff in the game
faisal alam : doesnt sync my progress when i factory reset my phone
zeke swords : i have beat the top 10 time in free for all at least 5 times and after i beat it it sends me back to the home screen and doesn't record my time??? why?
black shark gaming : very good graphics and very nice game.
nobody atall : this is an good game but it is a bit anowying
fun xd therapy : play ,then see urself
jeff morneau : very fun, different and challenging
sanu ghosh : i heat that add .coming to my face all the time
suraj rawat : thats the best chalenging game...god graphics....
christian coleman : immunity nomination!!!!
rainbo6seige : good morning to you. the game is ok but when you get to a serten spot it starts to get rily hard when you get to level 8 or 10 the picture is not in the game because they want for you to get the game oh. it dosent have molti player! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
tony mears : very addictive
shiv lathwal : great online game
ryan gue : used to love this game
tanner deweese : tons of fun
a google user : i love this game
gautam saurabh : great graphics
josh roberts : cool
subhasish choudhury : boring
simon chapman : got loads of ads
rob riley : this has been my favorite game for ages until the latest update. even though i have the best bike i could control the worst one better in the previous version also the levels have been messed with slightly which changes the way they are run and take a lot longer to do.
joe garcia : very fun. my kids and i enjoy playing this a lot!
adam : screw you using my limited data with your damn video ads......
a google user : my cousin likes it but i don't now because i never play
rahul sheokand : graphics r fab.....
dave lebowski : the gameplay is awesome. the graphics are very nice too! i love everything about the game, except that it almost seems to require you to purchase coins. i've reached the second league and every person you race against clearly has purchased coins. it is impossible to win anything, so you end up stuck with no money to buy in to races. the only way to obtain meager amounts of free coins is to watch ads in order to race more people that have cash bikes, lose and get zero coins. that really sucks.
sean fox : i cant go over stairs and i get stuck randomly. the other thing is that the bike stops every other restart.
shane robertson : i have played this game a lot! i've really enjoyed it but here recently the glitches are are becoming very aggravating. i've been stuck off the map several times and have had to forfeit duels over it on several occasions. please fix this stuff!!!
anthony guffy : love this game been playing it for awhile and it never gets old
alankrit gupta : i have downloaded all of this games now this would be best
nathan williams : i love the trial extreme games.....for a mere 89p you can get rid of the ads.....sooo much fun love it!!!!!!
sajid hasan : the bests game.by connecting with google i got many free coins
gitimaya choudhury : a very special game for those who love stunts
tarek elrify : i'm always losing with no reason
rajwinder kaur gill : i really like this game
a google user : i think this game is great from the first one to this one
kristyna kinclova : this was a 5 star game until the last update. i loved it so much and probably played it a couple of hrs every day. now i cant be even bothered. free tournament was such a great fun and now that has been taken away from us. you can only play free duel after you watch 30sec advert. if there is a way to change it back, please do it. i can see many ppl is pissed off in their reviews so please do something about it.
scott strong : unfortunately the upgrade cause all sorts of problems with my kyocera brigadier. jumpy sporadic and terrible graphics interface. uninstalling now.
richard pedley : great game, had problems with update but the guys sorted it.
bob dobs : love this game but the new update is twitchy af.
james boyd : update makes my bike slower and video studdered so i lose the race everytime. and i can't tell if there's more rounds to go in a duel?
dixit jain : dont download.... a very bad update..my all progress is reset ...give only 1 star
daniel urzi : great game
tyler seehuetter : new update ruined this game for me. duel formatting is confusing, no more free tournaments, no longer displays total amount of coins, lost all my previous progress from the older version. major bummer because the gameplay is so good.
ricky patton : had to uninstall and re install after update and have lost all progress and money! thanks a lot
mark partington : spoiled it for me ... where have the free tournaments gone where you could earn some coin to upgrade your bike and i had to reinstall as it locked up my game .. kept my coins but lost all my progress
kristin rogers : i hate the new update. took the fun of the game totally away. lost all of my progress, so i basically through a lot of money out the window.
deon visser : new version bit more difficult. but still awesome game
tad emery : update messed up all progress, have to start all over with bikes, and levels
anthony cerrato : after the update the game won't open
charbel sf : my game is not working after the update. if i uninstall and install again i will lose all my money there and stages done already?
aditya dabas : my game is not working after the update......is there any solution for that or need to uninstall it n reinstall it..?????
shaun snell : these reviews are accurate, you can't win or even participate without spending money. your beginner bike is paired with a tier 2 bike. once you upgrade thinking you have a chance, you get paired with a tier 3 bike. lose 500 coins on a loss, but they give you 300 for trying, can't race unless you have 500. quite possibly the worst of these type of games out there, don't be suckered into buying sub-par games.
p foster : my back wheel keeps getting stuck on things. it is pure luck at times if you win or not. no matter how good a race or run you have the opposition always seems to win. even when you upgrade your bike to the max. i find this really annoying hence the 3 stars i have rated it. would be better if the back wheel stayed fixed to the bike.
virgil anderson khyriem : seriously ! i mean i waited too long on the same screen (post multiple attempts)that i was forced to write. there isnt any game as such.. this is fake. i dont recommend to anyone.. i will definitely sue you :)
newjerseyjay : i just can't get the whole how to get money for upgrades in this game... every single person that they place you against " this is how you earn money.." literally stomps you so bad that you have no hope of continuing game play. maybe that's the entire idea... you must open your wallet and pay with real money to continue to play. but to be fair the graphics are awesome, and the motorcycle responds great. when a 200,000 motorcycle can beat a 700,000 motorcycle something isn't right.
brian cohen : i've been playing this game for years. it's a fun and challenging physics-based racing game, and i've finally 3-starred every single level. but the game has a problem where it can't connect to the server for days or weeks at a time, and it's not playable when that happens. a little investment in server infrastructure would go a long way.
jamie warner : i baught coins and they didn't come through but fair play to max he resolved my problem very quickly thanks max. the game is the best trips game i have ever found i have never had a problem with it if you carnt see the competition's your probably offline but overall this is a cracking game carnt wait for nomber 5
michael derossett : i thought it was cheesy at first.. but after 6 or 7 levels i found myself very challenged.... n not a day goes by i'm not playing it.. till my fingers gets number... so check it out for urself. n but be sure u have a otter box on ur ph.... because i promise it will pissed u off n make u wanna throw the ph.. it becomes very challenging
admiral addomma : poor graphics, poor gameplay. don't like this game at all. i have played most of these including pc and console version's and this version is pants come on guys you know you can do better!
a google user : ads around every corner and i shouldn't have to play multiplayer just to progress. that's very annoying and it shows poor game design i will not recommend this to anyone, unless they want to get frustrated with poor gameplay. if you want to play a good game that's official just get trials fusion it's an official game and it plays better than this game.
max maxwell : best trials bike game so far. amazing ! and if you have any problems during your game experience like had! not to worry, the trial extreme 4 support team are always there on hand, and will go out of their way to solve your problem i'd also give the support team 5* for solving my problem. thx guys, first class.
aidan erceg : it's a good game but it would be better if you could sell your bikes to buy new bikes because the prices are so ridiculously high on them. and i challenged a friend to a race and he didn't show so i lost money that kind of sucked too.
furqan khan : ist a very good game i have ever played, the tracks and the graphics are little bit good than trial x treame 3. but please tell me how to earn money to upgrades, if you fix this problem i will give 5 stars
david weger : people complain about it being too hard. it's probably because you suck and their are better players. i've heard it all in the reviews before downloading the game. i think it's pretty fair. well i'm good at it so i have fun. good times.
rick mckeegan : was working great for a while. got all bikes unlocked and now the game won't boot. really don't want to uninstall and lose all my progress. really aggravating. it doesn't even boot to the main menu. tried clearing cache and force stopping it and no luck. going on 1 month like this
phillipvinall : it's hugely addictive, u'll soon build up good coinage & buy the first 2 bikes & upgrade fully, but, after that the game cheats.u've built up all ur money to buy the last bike & just before u can, the game switches so u're only pitted against opponents of greater game than u.say for instance, u're level 10 the game will only give u opponents level 20. the game also has so many cheaters. levels which are impossible to do in 50 seconds no matter how flawless your game, ppl hack the scores to do in 19 seconds
arron wedlock : still glitchy and still impossible to reach first even after a flawless ride, over certain shortcuts. definitely not improving things people have wrote about. you have replied to me about my last comment on here and you've fixed nothing!
matt gossett : just turned phone off to charge and when i got back on to play i've lost everything. had all bikes unlocked and just unlocked last set of levels and poof gone.
anthony bedont : this game is so addiciting it's the only game i have on my tablet. really easy to pick up and the online multiplayer is great.
lyle lyddon : i used to like this game but then the customer service went completely down hill day road races where there's no way they can be done there's no youtube videos about how it's to be done don't have a video for every race out there except for depot 13 which they know cannot be done so they're basically saying f*** you we don't want our customers to succeed in this gameo
woody specials : fun game but it doesn't allow you to lean forward going up hills, little tricky to get used to
joseph henson : constantly freezing at initial loading screen. i have installed and uninstalled a few times
zooted- bs : i have the fastest bike in the game but you can't beat any one. pathetic
jared lockley : absolutely terrible full of glitches pressing the buttons works almost 50% of the time and the in app ads are the worst i've come across
rik jager : it is very good and popular game of motor cycle race. if you play offline it will not be much interesting but the online mode is better than interesting.
jas man zn : feels so unfinished hitting random objects. eg. hitting a ramp after a jump a falling off just not properly tested or loss of interest making this game
benjamin macdavid : this game is awesome, but sometimes it seems like it's a little too hard to fall off your bike, and making your own levels and making overpriced things cheaper, like the second bike, would be awesome! i will rate five stars if you fix it being to easy to fall off. also, maybe fix the hammer on level 11?
woomdawg : i enjoyed this game a lot but it crashes and freezes constantly. this has all been fixed. you need this game
jerome turner : let me add a bit. after playing this game it's obviously rigged! the profiles are fake or they're hacking the game. there are tournaments that you play and you're aloud to only use certain bikes for each one. after a while i'm pretty good and after making a perfect run the top ten are 10 seconds faster! how is that possible when you make no mistakes and everyone has to use the same bike? it doesn't add up! you play it and pay attention. i have even beaten the top score and it won't give credit for the win.
the z_dread_z : i was doing good it it , i had everything unlocked , and it reset me back to nothing , screw whoever made this game, if anyone i know wants this game i'm gonna tell them what bullshit it is
paul baines : spend most of your time on your back wheel trying to climb hills. if you want to make it a good game then fix that as sometimes you roll backwards nearly upside own on the back wheel when you lean forward your back wheel lifts and you roll back down the hill on the front wheel. it is all or nothing. very very poor......
nathan brett : i go on and it gets to the title screen and cuts out i then tried this 7 more times the same result please help i love this game already as i played on a friends phone but please help i'll give 5 stars if you do
pete mottram : good little game but immediately tries to get you into the micro transactions. pay gold to upgrade bike, pay gold to race other players, pay gold to enter tournaments, gold gold gold and what better way to get gold than buy it. i'm not against micro transactions in f2p games but this is among the hungriest, greediest games i've played.
a google user : this highly addictive game keeps me coming back for more and each version is more detailed, more immersive and more fun.
andrew : rider is shaded i can only see a black thing shaped like a person on the bike please fix because this game is so cool
julie carles : a:it takes ages to download.b: im rubbish at this but i am awesome at it on the xbox and c: it's just a bit bad but i kinda like it not really though.
conley gravier : super fun makes time go buy the only thing i don't like is it doesn't pay enuff coins to unlock other tracks
james beatson : how come when you start a race the person you are racing against is already at the last check point? no matter how perfect your run is you will always be at least 10+ seconds slower than the top score...... i will give 5 stars once you sort the issue out to make it fair.
taj md : using samsung note 2 the game jerks even in 2gb ram quad core processor
jonathan hoyt : great bike game. challenging and worth playing. can never put it down.
zaphod beeblebrox : love it. people that are moaning are either just ham fisted muppets who cant work it or need a better phone.
ryan : ive now bought 2 packages of coins for 6.50 or close to that but haven't received any of them but its took both payments so needs sorting asap
nathan graves : great game and graphics. plays well. just so hard some of it lol. but i'm a fan
terrence pestell : this is a good game and i would give it more stars, but its ruined as you cannot get anywhere in a tournament because of cheats.
edward imray : better controls than trial extreme 3 and better graphics and good complicated maps but with hints to help you, would recommend :)
qamar shafeek : this is a pay to win game. if you have the cash for it go ahead and play but if you don't you will most likely go against those people who have paid to win and you will lose
craig muzashi : spent money. tried to restore purchases. did not work. also, what is with the devs these days. no exit button? quick way to piss off customers. edit. sorry. not interested. i can purchase a full pc game from steam for less than you guys charge for in game purchases.
curtis borowsky : the game is fun but zero chance of ever being in top ten of any tournament. a perfect run and i'm still ten seconds off the leader? occasionally the bike will get stuck in a rock or something. deleting this game now solely because it will play an ad in mid race and completely screw up your run and cost you the race and your gold. that's some bullshit right there.
matthew heuser : fun to play and nice you dont have to wait for more "lives" or refuel you can just play for hours. alot of levels and tournaments and the duel feature is cool too.
jaco neethling : would be 5 sars if i didnt sometimes have to pay double for races and next track packages. record is 35000 coins to unlock macchu p, twice
aubrey thomas : don't take it to seriously and it a blast as it is one of the better ways i have found to waste my time.
mrmagikmonkeyman : but a good game altogether, i like the offline practice feature, and how you challenge the other players ghost to keep gameplay fluid and give you thosenfewnchances at a retry before you have to go from a checkpoint. tis very nice.
michael karney : good fun but you dont win enough in the races to be able to buy the new bikes, plus you have to pay an arm and a leg if you wanna purchase coins...
chris marsh : worked good then everything froze on the main screen . it's just the background picture and nothing else .
william ward : im not sure how games can charge people so much money and not even be well made. i guarantee you will be fused in a ramp or wall the first time you play.
ryosuke naito : today, this app started to notify me about there's 50% off coin sale in every 10 mins. it's annoy and can't turn off the notification from the app.
umer sharif : lighting issue on rider. it's just black. so, all passion that i had in past finish when played new version now. hope for new updates .
abha bhagat : my bike is bouncing and getting uncontrolled. but i loved this game only bike should again be updated. otherwise it is nice
b ross : this game has been non stop with minimal cash spent to enjoy.
travis rudiger : i'll like fun, not repeating levels 200 times to pass and move on.
alistair twilley : when starting the game it's just the green grass and ramp .no options or rider at the start of the game can't play any help plz
michael barbour : i absolutely love to play this game. but for some reason, the background is very visible. but, the actual course is so dark and shaded that i can barely see it. please fix this issue and i will give 5 star
bab babli : i just got the game and it won't let me start. waste of time. what should i do
jeff musil : great game but it needs an update fast! screen keeps becoming nonresponsive which is causing me to lose money in tournaments. needs new levels too! an option to be able to go back and change body upgrades would be nice as well.
mohammad hasan : there are two game,offline & online...i hate this game for online.if whole game is on offline that it will be a good game.
mike jones : awesome game, but after the last upgrade my touch screen quits working and i have to exit the game for it to start working again.
bogdan :d : please guys, we hate ads. so please delete them
aaron demotts : can't race my friends on facebook. it's not just me. we all have this problem i can reach my friend who signed in through google play store it still shows facebook picture for him
jackson patrick : my character is black .. no you texture . just totally black
asim kujur : can't say wether the game is good or not as because its not working in my phone. its just showing a image
anel kovacevic : my whole character is suddenly dark. his whole body including clothes like he's a locked character or something. please fix this
steven kierstead : i play this game a lot because it's very fun my brother taught me about the third one and i just found the fourth one
izzad helmy : was working fine till i upgraded my mobile to android 6.0.1 and the screen just freezes. need to force stop & kill app just to return to home scree. pls fix.
whacey : i paid $12 so that i had 85000 coins and you charged me $12 but i never received my coins. if the money actually cane through i would definately rate 5 stars but we i pay $12 and receive nothing i don't like it much.
andrew dikianidis : played this game for some time now. both ios and android, haven't spent a dime on it. consistently ranked top 5. duels are your friend.
mark fairbairn : downloaded 2 days ago and its been a great game. today it constantly crashed and now theres nothing but a black screen.
tristan crowell : the game glitches and you cant win sometimes cause other racers glitch and drive over water fly over obstacles.
steven mugzy : good at first but it starts to get really repetitive and crap felt like throwing my phone. no where near as good as the 1st, 2nd, 3rd games.
xxxdivisionxxx z : great graphics, smooth moving motion and good chances to customize your bike/player, plus multiplayer shadows for duel races. 10/10 addictive game m ust download
paul willis : not a bad game. becarfull how ya spent ya tokens cus dont last long. also my player is just a siloette
mr dk : it's very nice game i have enjoyed very much but can you keep more intersting bikes and ramps on it bh the way game was the best..
hannelie coetsee : everytime i play it glitch and on my new phone to and that phone is.huawei p8 and that game is a suckup game
pieter van onselen : hi, game is good but keeps on freezing when i'm on line don't know why
mike chesley : been locked up for the past two day ,after last update
stephen braithwaite : cool game well it was till turned on yesterday my coin amount wouldn't show and now it has i've lost all coins and bike upgrades pist oof!
matthew rosamilia : after the latest update ad's now pause you mid race and play instead of after the race. massive pain
hm ammar : too many ads and everytime i close the game i get a error.please fix it.otherwise game is too awesome
nawab sahab : the games good but whenever i press home screen button and again try to star the game it down not load don't show a single word or option
worthless topics : oh damn ...the offline mode is not fully accessible latter levels are locked
elliott williams : few dodgy glitches, response not quick enough
syed aman : when i play this game i realised that i am in the game and stunting....
bailey williams : hard challenges. always want to get to new levels.
dean joel : i love this game but when i do a race i get put against a bike that i dont have. i have first and third bike but whichever one i use, i get matched with a better and faster bike, making it next to impossible to win. plz fix asap
loading name : this game is been made wrong and have very difficult stages. it will be better that don't install it!
maku 22 : i have no idea how to get more coins for upgrade
allah is the light : awesome game, but u have to go and beat an opponent to unlock next level and pric3s of the bikes are very high, it's almost impossible to buy a new bike rest of the game graphics n stuff is awesome!!! loved it
shantanu khond : fix bugs there are lots of bugs game is awesome but when you race with opponents he will mever fall whatever or however he will drive straight or not. you will fal if u did same mistale but your opponent will never fall
ian evans : good graphics, game play is good but earning money for part is slow.
rukhsana kaliya : i liked it very much but it needs net so it gives some problem but it is very good
payton black : on thailand track 9 i have beaten multiple opponents but it says i still need to win a race and i can't go on bs of a gamegame and stupid
naeem puri : this is a nice game but the bikes and the other items are very experience so we can't but then easily.
allan warwicker : excellent game, graphics outstanding and the controls are pitch perfect rating five stars for this one
rich law : this is so glitchy and no way your playing real players meaning losing coins to bots who are perfect so making u need to buy more wheels get caught up so much with invisible barriers fall off for no reason at all
rishabh aggarwal : i has just downloaded it but when i open it it only show's connecting
muhammadh yunus : it's awesome and too much addictive and it's not hanging my phone too. must download
brian schroeder : love the physics and the crazy challenges. the online tournaments are great too!
artin ahmeti : a lot of glitches but theyre really fun just like the game!
jacques kruger : i have a galaxy s5 with samsung processor. the game was fine in the beginning but now i can't play it anymore, it lags and jitters almost right from the start, can you fix it?
lady tyzu : great game can't wait to get better at it seems like another addiction coming
thomas cresswell : but this is the only game i play and the only game that can keep my attention for hours thanks
charlie holwell : beast game
james turnbull : please please sort the darkness on android! but since last android update character is silhouette. on depot most of obstacles are too...almost unplayable! please sort this!
jamie jo : frustratingly addictive to beat your best times. good fun but some people's times are so far out of reach.
shaggy : i have tryed to purchase credits two times now and both times payment was excepted and i never received any in-game credits!!!.. can any one help me with how i can resolve this?
flame awesomeness : this game is great but it's glitching,lagging please fix
manish adhikari : you cannot play with your friends!
prakash choudhary : couldn't work in my phone, please check this problem. thanks
matthew oates : love the game,but sometimes it does not add on my winnings from races.
300exboy 03 : this game is awesome the only thi,g is that it's hard to get coins some times
justen lyons : but i dont want to race against someone all the time i want to play the levels and stuff
khuram shahzad : cool game
girik soni : when you do practice it is easy and while racing it gets too hard
jasnain singh matta : very bad game not for play it takes 1000 times to complete 1 level it is just time pass
mark kline : my character and bike and track is all dark.....not sure what is going on...otherwise amazing
kamini barman : this game is a waste of net because when i opened it the first screen appears but the game automattically closes
cody warthen : worst game ever so much lag i couldn't play
andy williams : crackin game but not a hope of getting close to winning any of the tournaments even with a perfect run
paul brake : awesome game! love it very addictive!! had trouble with the game,lost all my saved progress. contacted trails extreme and they were so good to work with. started on my problem right away and had it fixed in a day! awesome awesome awesome!!!
don miller : at the finish line someone pops up and i lose
leigh newton : come on! i do a perfect run and still 10 seconds behind on a 40 second stage. fix this issue and its a 5 star game.
rudy castillo : awesome game but why does some of environment and characters shadowed/blacked out
nathan lyman : like the first 2 these last ones have blown
dj ri3tz : the riders colour is all discoloured and the go button will stop working when you need it to work
rami shoqair : already started the game and it consumed all my coins that is why most mobile games suck
wah1d x : simply epic . console quality, graphics, tracks are great. looks of the player was better in the previous tx3
jordan dunn : game is well and truly fixed in the way you have to spend money to compete with players
sorav bhat : i always give five stars to trial extreme series cause it's worthy of it
alexander marshall : i only have 50 coins, and 3 stars on every level on tier one. i don't have enough money to enter races, or buy the next track. would be perfect if this was fixed!!
alison harbi : this game is just very fun with its medium quality graphics and awkward wipeouts
kento : it's a great game. it really makes you think of a strategy about going faster.
ajinkya shirsat : cool graphics, funkey accessories, i love it.
tiffany garner : the best game i've ever played
sheikh wali arafat : good but it needs internet connection.it gets boring after some days
honda lover : add more one thing free ride and free ride region all locations are unlocked
scott brown : you will have more fun play with hot wheels than this poor excuse of a game...
michael adams : been riding since i was 10 yrs old, i'm 39 and still loving it. i love this game, it's challenging and a must download!
kevin downey : was great but now i can play all the levels because you have to do challenges
david franck : had a update and lost all my coins plus bikes have to start all over!!! this is bull..... im about to delete its not worth to start al over! really disappointed
sunil kumar bt : never played an adventure bike game better than this one. truly amazing. try it out buddies.
benjamin robbins : my rider, as well as most of the tracks are blacked out now. like, all i can see are black objects. no detail or color to speak of.
kingcaasi : i love playing this game, some levels are a bit difficult, it even makes it a better challenge!
thechannel : i played thee times, after that i can't see how much gold i have , in this place my avatar! how can i buy new bike or content if i don't even see my coins? worst system ever
d u r a i : 8 lavel offline games and 9th lavels online game.but good gropics. good control
june ior : the character could be a little brighter if you ask me.
william clayton : great game to pass the time or when you are bored.
kieth cox : was a good game then the update made it utter bullsh**
david burkett : this game takes time to get used to it but it's very fun
garth meiring : it tests you thinking skills with twists and turns making the course challenging
richie curtis : i've got all the stars from the first three stages but it's not unlocking construction unless i pay 120000 coins. can you tell me how i'm supposed to progress ?
sean michael thomas : trial extreme 4 is an awesome game! strategy is their greatest strength. good job
ibox09 gaming : i can't pass the stage from the glitches
gavin duncan : the game keeps crashing at the loading screen can't play any of the levels when it crashes it quits out the game can you fix this?
james byrnes : every so often i will do an online match and as it loads it crashes but i still lose my money so? im owed atleast 10k
janesh t.d : i like the game but not good graphics
gene salveterra : worst app ive ever installed waste of time
ferdie espino : i waited for 4 hours to download this and when i open it, it won't work
jeremiah rebeck : awesome game. once you learn the bike it's really fun
hoff mania : nice and difficult, graphically not amazing
chris bayolima : had this game for iphone 4. fast forward some years.....the game has evolved to something beautiful with same bad ass game play. cheers!
sifiso mazwi ngongoma : interesting game i love it because i am not an extreme fan game but its fun
ben butler : absolutely love this game well done guys.
imran yousafzai : it is very good game but that movement when there is one option go online is very third class option
charles grover : my kids got me into this game .. it's so fun
matthew yang : when i first play i costume the guy epic!
keith fisher : ready to use.fun challenging,and plenty of levels to achieve.
happy camper : love the game and the behind the scenes support if needed is first class. thanks
d'shawn williams : the only good person who can do oll of the stunt's is me
allen white : great game play it a lot. upgrades take forever to get. but all an all its a great game.
dallascowboy23 : have uninstalled and re installed. the background colour is ok but the rider is still blacked out?
michael batemon : so far its good. ill rate higher as i play more. just started playing
raslan kh : i really love this game,and they supported me when i needed all the best
aria keats : good game. not forced to buy much. happy with it. addictive lol
ruben quiles : it looks very nice, but it's boring.
lester paul requiro : everything is awesome,just add skins for bikes.
nayem : .. bt the game location nd the gameplay are very charming.... carry on...
muhammad saad : it's the best racing game i ever played.
bobby sorrells : very addictive game can't put it down.
salman sajjad : very intersting game i like it very much n give 5 stars
reid bros. : who ever made this, has no knowledge on riding.
friday mob : maybe not so many ads would make it even more fun
sam ch : very addictive. awesome time waster
sheriad jeetoo : its really nice till i could not play because i had no internet connection. a complete waste of time and storage space.
jonathan nash : unless you are willing to spend a bunch of money on all the best stuff then you will always loose
jamie mcgrane : mint smooth sweet insane
arpit rabade : poor graphics and detailing riders
wing chun leung : many active gamer, endless tournament!
morgan fisher : love it just have to delete a couple apps before i could download it
kris cross : still a crap game i played it be4
cris_7442 : really good like 3 one graphics better though
jonathan bostwick : you could have chosen a better song then take on me for your background music
a google user : nothing wrong with its pretty awesome
christian burns : keeps you on the edge of your seat
david willhite : fun but little hard to upgrade
mikeyslayer : pls create more bike or boost
masterumerkhan : try it i know you will love this game
isaiah loren : its fun and ur going to like it
keenan griffin : i would download this so on so many of my devices
da dood : when you start you have to win a race to continue but the opponent you are racing against is playing like a professional
heart less : its a typical game and little bitt hard and trickkky also but i like it
jacob jesser : its fun and its time consuming
james harlow : it has better control than tx 3 the graphics look better than tx 3
jared morris : i have completed all the levels
zeshan kazmi : the first perfect game i have ever played
jordan hughes : amazing racing game that takes patience and skill
hiren gosai : i passed level 8 complete after new level is not enable in thailand many try for that but game is not working
fake stars : bakwass game i ever played....this game hang every time
suraj chouhan : i love this game very much all will play the game because it is very good
saram sheikh : i liked it when i am on thailand but at depot i hate the game
ajay prajapati : graphics is awsome and ni any more leg this game...i love this game
terry williams : this is a really fun and challenging game for motorcycle andracing enthusiasts.
greg wuelfing : some of the courses are hard and take awhile to pass but still a good game.
gvengence : i love playing trails i played it when i was a kid on ps3
aaliyah edge : it was ok just very laggy
matthew laffan : really poor all around
micah thompson : i have been playing for the past 3 hours and it fills kids me i have only been playing for 30 min
katambala derick : you need to put unlocking next level by just finishing da race and even put unlocking for those on offline
straton mungroo : very fun but some opponents are hard
grant leppan : loved it! haven't been able to open it up for the last two days, just a blank screen. uninstalled, re-installed, worked for a round or two, then blank screen. fix it, and i'll give it 5 stars.
david stackpool : not bad pity upgrades for the bike so dear
sahil buche : really good graphics. good pass time game.
psycle path : i need help!!! i can't stop playing this game!!! also when i redownloaded it recently my characters and others are shaded in, any suggestions?
casey lee : great game...little tuff at first but very fun
bill kenney : great game with good graphics and plenty of challenges.
mungry beats : thia game is good but when i play online i lose money even if i win a race i have lost so much money from wining
gaurav : always crashes when i try to race in a tournament
haresh umraniya : nice game.can't stop playing
charlotte dobson : really good but should have bikes that look more like trails bikes
jordan : since i got this new phone, this game won't load.....
gianella 19_gp : that's the only thing i can say i love it
jon luttrell : fun game it like the one you play on the console
elliot boyer : good game works well on my samsung grand prime
eileen : its not fun playing.
xhunter : this type of game is very interesting and this game have good graphic and design
shawn riley : it's a very challenging game, but it's really fun
rushabh prajapati : trial extreme 3 was good....in this many problems...unlock stages..coins...nd main problem is offline mode
sushil yadav : nice gameand graphic awesome easy to play
yadav tejas : loved it, best in class game also play with friends in online mode
louis wilson : it needs more done to it i went on this game and the buttons wodent move proply
aditya joshi : awesome game i love so much plz all the s6 s7 user plz download this game
aadithya parasuram : the game is amazing but the game is filled with ads
aaron brister : even with 4g lte and full bars the game lags freezes on me and then crashes in the middle of a race and when i start up the game
shehryar baloch : sach a bad game very good graphics but bad game
simmy kaur : iloved it please download it
saima sarwer : nice game good controls nice graphics and i love to playing this game
abdul basit jamali : very nice easy to play its amzing i love it.
evan pallone : best trials game i've played on phone by far
kade melton : all you people saying this game sucks just shut up!!this game is awesomeness!!!!!keep up the great work!!!
nova : a this game is awesome mate!
gys kruger : worst bike game ever... you can see nothing ahead, rediculous ramps and annoying gameplay!
mitch taylor : good time consumer. could have better graphics
macovv : game is awesome but after the new update of halloween the science for playing has changed so in some level it got easy and in some it got hard to play
josh sv : its more everything
just being jai : its very addictive and awesome
piya pillai : this is better than coc
ayaz hussain : amzing graphics n easly play
rekha sharma : the game is best but many coins are pay
irfan ahamed : no words to talk
adam cuypers : best game ive played on a phone so far
manjit kaur : nice game but there should be trail extreme
abhay rana : it is very graphic game in my j2
jason wise : good game but preferred trial xtreme 3
md. harun : plz u make trial xtreem 5 free
natsu dragneel : i like this game because the graphics is very good
krishnamurthy thevar : haii the trial xtreme
jecehh : i think the fourth is da best
ghost j : most entertaing game ive played its addictive
peter igglesden : love it, very competitive but controls need attention
michaelson anthony : if you a good and fantastic game, download this game
jay morgan-howes : can't open the game anymore and crashes when it does
slayton foldenauer : really good graphics and game play
chuck tennant : best dirtbike game out there.
david lagunas : cant wait for updates
randy mendoza : it is to hard and it barley even get money
d lad : great game, quite challenging but fun
alixdoesstuff23 : this is a really good game and really addicting. really recommend.
djpete4500 sherman : real good excite bike type of
mike smyth : great game spend hours playing every day had a issue with money disappearing but max from customers service was great very fast response and sorted the problem very fast
jorge vazquez : it's fun and energetic cool game
malachi mcknight : thank you very much like the idea of the individual named addressee you may have a great weekend as well as well as the original owner of the day of the time to get the same time as well as the one i had the same time as the one i had a good time to get the
mathew toms / tornado : awesome trials,super bike,excellent motor cross
pritam chakraborty : had never played like this game.
shakir ullah : very nice & real game.
francois hodgman : good gan challenges u to go farther
transit van : good game apart from other oppnent being computerised
bad music : this is a good game, i likr it
robbie hollyman : so addictive. love this game
rg p : amazingly addictive game well worth a dl
jeryn ford : it's fun and challenging
andrew lynn : worst game ever when you try to get past an obstical you fail at it but when your opponent tries it he makes it on his first try and it not realistic
kaypee : need some more advancement in graphics...
mayra lozada-hill : it cool and has my good designs
nipun dongre : i love this game so epicc
awdlee : add an option to make our own map
netmash1 : cool game love dirt bikes
a google user : very nice and addictive games
show-rez : full action great game and graphics
derrick van adrighem : great lil time passing game
sharon strain : its so addictive
will : i have a lot fun playing this
aasim : awesome game good graphics
shah fahad : its amaizing game i love it
chris cox : game was good but last update i now cant load past loading screen so now ive lost all the money i spent not happy
jay patel : it's very much nice game
isaiah chavez : alright but does glitch
nathaniel bowling : extremely addictive!! the only game i play.
himanshu saxena : nice graphics and good control...
mark anthony quindoza : addicted game nice love it
anmol singh : but last bike os so costly ......
sunitha e : very interesting. addictive
adam george : makes u waste all your money just to even try to race makes no sensebon some obsticals are impossible unless u upgrade and u cant do that without the money waste of time
b7 regxn : very addictive i enjoy it alot
wade mcelroy : pretty cool , no problems and fun to compete
mikael ankrah : this is the coolest bike game. love it
david gillam : still playing after 3 months
shahrukh sayed : is really a xtream
progirl gamerz : i love this game very very much.
kenzies world of minecraft : good to go easy to use
the chrisulis fam : it's a good game i love it
jake gustafson : i can't progress in the game because i'm short on coins and it's very hard to earn more
sandeep dalvi : game is good but requires lot of money.
florence amadi : it's extremely good just the buying of section
sufian ijaz : i like this game i enjoy to play it
fayiz sameer : this is so addicting so cooooool
amjad khan : nice game best forever
dilly dal : i like it is a good trials game
jaber karimi : very very nice thank you good game
kofi oppong : loved it it's as good as the one on 3ds
ricky hamer : brilliant game so engaging and addictive
ndiana essien : update totally bossed the game
lokesh ingle : good to play awesome controll and graphics
andrew harrison : great game very addictive
ryan rafi : best trial racing game ever
dark abd : really its have more action
tony ambrose : one off the best game
sikandar hayat : nice game supper graphics
kartik patel : i love this game very much
braydon baier : the best game ever
josh cox : one of the best games ever
alok arora : i just love this game
mr umbobo : god its addictive
shane fuller : great game best trials yet
william smillie : keep up the good work
adplus advertiser : this is awesome game you now
sher khan : i played much games but i never seen game like this..
tyrone fenton : tough. as it should be :-)
joey haddock : this game is soo frustrating! #uninstall
khan waqash khan : there should be nitro option ansd two bikes open and water biking should be there
andrew lucas : brill game to play
krysta baby : very well made game
fajaz fajaz : super game good graphics
juned shaikh : speed thrills but kills...:-) :-d
james rinaldi : challenging and addictive, great game
trevor rycraft : addictive but bloody hard sometimes
aamir khan : gets addicted to it...
shivam bhardwaj : nice graphics.
faizan raza khan : when i download this game and after that i open the game but the game is not open
mhamunkar prarthana : it's not working ang hanging and when i want to unlock it's say eror
abbas sethi : fabulous game ever
brandon engle : very fun. addictive. good graphics.
timbit : i love this game
brandon smith : will not let you advice while playing offline.
anthony karol : it's a good game
piyush gupta : it's owsum
kucing ganteng : great graphic n control.. nice!
atish rai : awesome control, graphics & tracks
wina mich : i..love this game....cu'z 8s so fun when u get crush
cowies o' four : what a game..addicted
mandeep singh : it's really good game
rishab nair : it's very exciting game
arhaan : cool graphics.. and an awesome game.. a must download...
prithvi raj surpur : excellent man every one should try it
shravan sharma : the fulfilled my games collection. what a game!!!! superb
sanjay gupta : cool game..
paulopp opp : really cool love this game...funny
lemar cobbina : it is ok but you need to spe d your money to do a mach /it makes me angry!!!!! but i like the game if i was gugeing the game to 5 it is 3 / bye!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
david adame : very fun to play!
rene' moore : i freaking hate this game
brad grieb : read the words that loom ab0v3....
darius booysen : because i like offroad games and bikes
idontknow : it is hard
archisman sanyal : awwsssmmm game..very nice to play
jeff carman : i switched phones and it won't restore my purchases
hassan rafique : excellent game .....awsome graphics
korey manson : awesome, very addictive
joby thomas : pls add multiplayer ..... hotspot connectivity
sudipta banerjee : nice game and graphics.iove it.
dr. zakir hussain foundation : very bad game
manpreet kaur bawa : it's awesome
patel jaydip : it's to superb
dusty hawkins : awesome game love it
something special : loved this game
nikhil kumrawat : tough but simply superb... :)
sam miller : so much stuff in my notification bar
lucky birds : i love it.... to much interesting...
artemio lopez : it is the werst game dont download werst
nk financial consultancy : just play this game
ohay 111 : fun but to many adds!!!!!!!!
mossa hindi : it's the best game
noman xd 8bp : loved it very nice challenging
chloe roberts : amazing game play it everyday
david azeredo : addictive gameplay
shubham paliya : best game played ever
tariq mehmood : but why it wants download every few days.???
tanmay joshi tj : nice graphic
rylee scott : good graphics and everything
herb t : good game really addicting
a google user : cool game
tanishq prabhu : its graphics are bom
jeff fletcher : bad ass game
lilscoot scoot : this is super cool
shawty- : really good graphics
surya varma : awsome game very addictive
cantheist kota : very occuping
mohammad faran : the best game
gerel lynch : play all the time
manson3123 : very addictive
pnw dad : great game very entertaining
i dont care adams : i love the game
aroha priest : its such a good game
raju nagaval : thrilling levels
eduardo antonio giron : the best game ever
donny reasoner : badass passes the time
a google user : more free coin
ramzan khan : the first place
tommy evans : this is very good
sniper master : i relly injod it
ayo fawole : good for all ages
wham wham : i love this game
a google user : good graphics
yubak karki : very much good
adwait anand : must download
akram thiraj : love it but make it offline
beth coughlan : i love the background
ahmad abbas : brilliant game love it
holden hink : its a good game
andrew roth : great way to kill time
ishti sk : not working on my mobile ??? why mi note 3
leon myers : great game.
a google user : fun game to past the time
thoudam raikumar : really like it
bunty p : awsome game
gary callaway : sickness i love it
daniel williams : great time waster
berh ford : love this game
steve c : why so difficult to press the ad close button?
ajayant singh : completely online based. why?
zeph davis : you can't even play the game unless you agree to allow them to spread your info on google+
janer vargas : sick game
julia djaja : perfect this game aswome
muhammad azeem ansari : love this app
l benny : love the game
rizq dharmawan : woww fantastic
jomer soril : i love this game
a google user : very nice ga
richard bard : challenging yet fun
nefarious gam3r : best game in the world
epic games : its a cool game
tarek sarker : exciting and fun game
desmond gouws : very cool
akeem st. louis : totally awsome
kevin123 : great game
dillon butcher : very funny and challenging
nick lindquist : pretty cool
corey gardiner : love it so much
evelyn taylor : this game is great
mikkel toussaint : this game is awesome
guy devlin : awsome addictive
kian de lange : thanks
a google user : very nice game
robert blackwell : great game
arsh aluminum works : great game
saulius s : cool
mike bardsley : make you pay for everything
adam mills : great game
a m x r a n t h e n i c : hehe i love it
countrythugera.l.e.x countrythugera.l.e.x : adictive
josh griffin : it is great
rory martinez : love this game
nyko beach : great game
sarabjeet singh : love this game
mark morecombe : great game
chris gray : great game
helen berry : great game
t man thapelo : the best
jim kososki : great game
bigboy tiz : great game
marcelino jr. zapanta : cool
a google user : the best
tony foxall : fun and addictive
soufiane mega : the best
zay ree : it is awsome
brett phillips : top notch
randy wallen : great game
jude ogbodo : love it awesome
mukesh singh chandel : great game
shane mcmillan : great game
seth lacey : great game
sushant naik : exciting
dale gray : addiction
christopher peace : it's ok
fawaz pachu : addictive
vince 101010 fury : this game sucks
brothers armd and dangerous baad : too hard uninstalling
jake floyd : to hard to level up
mark smith : would of been 4 1/2 stars but now won't load and has been like this for days so might drop to a 1 star. sort this out pls.
cj hargreaves : wicked game
roger macgillivray : enough with the coin purchases
shafiyee ul alam shahad : sogood app
davie retail : c.f. friday
atul jathar : altimate graphics
nicholas marcombe : it ight
shubh singh : adictive
w l : ads aren't invasive into gameplay. free play is great... but, sometimes i wreck for seemingly no reason. little glitches here and there. buttons could be taller- i sometimes end up trying to press just above them. not perfect but it's a 5 star game
simba hakooh : offline like pro. online like noob. it's as if the top upgrades don't work online.. if i land the hard jump offline i don't fall off but online is otherwise i just hop off.. i played this game too much to not know what's happening, after all its the same thing all over again..
mitch morris : shame you have spend your money racing against others if like me you want to just play the course. previous versions allow you to progress by yourself, but without the races you can't get enough stars to go anywhere. bored now so will uninstall.
jonathan dale : top game by far!! it's probably the best game on here. i have never found such an addictive game before and this one is brilliant. we worth the download and time and effort to build up your points and be the best i'm hooked. also if you have any problems the team behind the game are great to work with they helped me no end!! thankyou team
luhann jansen : why does a in game pop-up ad take me to an infected site after accidently selecting the invasive ad. i bought all 3 and wont be buying nr 4 after testing this one. also game way more frustrating than previous great versions.
mark parry : really enjoying this fluid game, i wish you could win money for free a bit easier though x very difficult to buy the 75k bike without spending real money, which considering that the developers get money from ads is a bit rubbish, otherwise all is well x
stephen mulligan : i've lost so much thro changing phones and having to download again.. is still the best game on appstore
sean s : how is it that as soon as you start the game you can get knocked off your bike by an obstacle. then you lose money and can't get it back. worst game i've had the displeasure of playing.
john warney : the game glitches after a while of playing, please fix this issue. that's the reason i'm giving it 1 star
dikano sekate : please fixes the because when u play the first round, after playing.the screen turn black
i have crippling depression : every time i go on to the game and then choose a level it kicks me off my phone. i can try a million times and it won't work. its a good game though i've played it before i just need help.
dm cuber randoms : at first in the title this was nice but when you play it its not nice you always crash down the graphics are not good obviously the bike mayhem has a better controls and graphics you cant do stunts but there is 2 stunts front and back flip if i were dont plan to install it. just install bike mayhem
joshua amburgey : it won't even open. froze my phone. never had a problem with your games. samsung galaxy s5 update still won't download. update fixin to give it another shot this time on a s7. update. now everything is great! thanks guys
andrew rose jr : i wish there was an offline mode that would allow me to play any level without the need to previously unlock it.
tico arrieta : it's ok fun to past the time just wish the bikes and tracks didn't cost so much . the only way to unlock other tracks is to be a opponent and that's one thing i would like to see changed other then that would have got 5 stars
dushyant mittal : download this crap to waste your time tournaments are totally crap they don't give u money and racers get head start better bikes etc.
elrico botes : while i'm playing and i'm driving and then the bike gust stops with driving then i lost all my coins. i played a duel for 200 coins then this happen then i lost all my coins.
supercell gamer : it's fabulous and addictive game i have played ever, but draining battery.
roy whitelock : there are way to many glitches on this version didn't have a problem with the old version before update
toastybob : gets past first loading screen then just stop working, but not crash
toni quinn : won't load up. its been fine for months . had been playing every day. then today it loads but as soon as i choose a level it crashes. pls fix.
jake godwin : fun at first but soon run out of money with out spending real money for it in game and i shouldn't have to race another person just to unlock the next track.that's bs.
t's me : good not the best i've played but it's up there vary hard
sunny ch : give us some tricks when we can't successful to cross any were...
soup gang : really fun, i played way more than i should, but i want to know how to change the color of my bike, my brother did it, and i don't know how
richard norman : cool new levels but game play let's it down.on xperia z3. much rather play trail xtreme 2
ali irfan : whenever i fall from from height onto to wodden ramp.the tyre always get stuck in the wood.the front part of the bike goes forward a little but not much.like there is a megnetic connection betwwen the tyre and body.the bike is just stuck there. please fix it!
joe george : however, with my marshmallow update for android 6.0 the color scheme is off and it's hard to look at. just minor bugs that need to be updated. after that it's a 5 star game.
joshi maulik : it is of 200+mb and nothing as expected even a 50 mb game give more effects than this not enough good...
kris gregg : can't get past the loading screen. what can i say, it doesn't work so can't comment on the game as it doesn't work.
chris linhart : i'm so addicted to this game.best graphics, best courses! thanks
david cuevas : it has really good skills and good maps and it's challenging might cost you a bit of money to update the bike but you can do a lot with one good bike
neeta jat : when i played first level it stopped working
pradip santra : as a game this game is wrost as it don't have motion censored. pls dont install this game
surf widow : just gets hard to play and insufficient warning of upcoming challenging jumps. resets back to parts already covered. it is so close to being perfect - shame.
jordan durham : right i'm going through the app store downloading games and reviewing them this one is okay i think it lacks flow and rythum when you land it pull back off really quick even if u case it on the other hand the graphics are good for a game on your phone menus are good paying to remove adds is a down point when i'm sure there making plenty off 10+ million downloads so kinda cheeky i've gave it 3 stars for these bad point i've played this on a samsung galaxy note 4 and runs perfectly fine
isael gil : when receiving coins for playing 7 more days i only receive 10.000 is instead of 110.000 for some reason
ayush jha : it's is shutting down again and again it took my login adress and it shuts down with no error messages. other app are working fine only please support team help me out.
rod fullwood : loved this game until you started throwing ads in during races. insanity!
ripu bhullar : this game is gud but it stops working after 4 to 5 days
clayton paulson : wish you could pass levels without the race then it would be great
sonu paswan : love it .this game is really awesome. just download it and fight from boring.
daniel kuhlmeier : crashed three times within 10 minutes of installing. uninstalled.
quojon tye : it wont let me play it and i dont know how to play it
alex senpai : i love it because there is funny times you fall off your bike and there are cool tricks
danielle jones : best game ever you must play it and warning it is a addictive game play responsible. and take a brake wants in a wile to charge your phone and get a shower
imran khan : i like this game so much but there is so many difficult track
aaron difranco : lags way to much and you have to beat someone to move on to next level
liam fox : the new update broke it it open and then freezes on the same place every time
eldhose mathew 1024 : cant even customise bike and character offline. and so the stages.
logan mackinlay : don't waste your time downloading this it glitches out when you start
alexander shrawder : make rounds impossible and take money like insane
tramp aus de palz : with all the duels and tournaments never gets boeing.
j la : i think people must be cheating somehow. i race fast, but the winners are 40 to 50% faster somehow. i want to see how or they need to prove it...after the tournament is over.
southernhonor01 : i love this game but got a new galacy s7 and it stopped working! tech support contacted me right away and fixed the problem. a++ service and a great game!
nathan downes : i would say a lot worse but it will be taken down its a pile of crap 1 level has took 20,000 coins off me iv practiced and practiced but when i get on the actual game for coins it does me over
douglas dunn : customer service helped fix this issue by suggesting i remove sd card then proceed with installing the game. thanks.
grizzly dipper : fun as hell just a pain to get coins to get over priced bikes
vishalchand vishalchand : this game is nothing happy ness
d b : gets worse with every game!
robert salazar : it's a good game but it gets frustrating after a while
john glover : be alot funner if u could win a little more but all in all seems decent
markus pretorius : im starting to make great progress my first bike fully upgrated i like this game the best !!!! everything working fine on my samsung quad core phone
mikael zulfiqar : i can't play it after an hour dowload
ron finger : this game is totally addicting and frustrating. love it.
pradeep kumar : it's for tough guys
ramon brion : when i open the app the screen freezes
graham savell : if you thinking gonna keep paying over to play a game, go whistle. i don't mind buying a game and playing it. but to have to keep paying is madness. you think were made of money?
daniel maxey : a lot of glitches. bike randomly gets stuck
helen otoole : i think we need more female situations like makeup for the bike riders and we need to remove their monobros and cook
kyle a : only online is restrictive and too difficult to unlock levels
ieremia fatuesi : it is so fun to play with and a lot of challenges to do
kronos ! : pretty good game controls lack a little but still good game
well maybe : game would randomly take money but was promptly rectified good game good grafics highly addictive have fun
ryan van eden : it works fine when i play offline but then when i go online i press play and the game crashes every time and i lose the money for it
my kitchen : its awesome game ... the graphics are heart touching u all should try this
david elliott : offering 20,000 after first trial then expecting you to pay for them!!! are they having a laugh??!!!!! games deleted for this bloody reason cheeky sods
andrew arnold : would be good if prizes were better for the non hackers but all in all still addicted just struggle to move forward
adnan shrif : it's awsome ni e graphic smooth control the best
wyatt sampson : please fix the bugs with the wheel your drive through
zane lomas : i have spent heaps on this game and now it wont even load stops after the first screen
darkwolf gaming : i like the game but some time back it did this thing where my character and the track went way to dark
jdmistic : always willing to help out with quick responses. i wish "glu" would be as helpful. lol
mariyam zooni : this is an amazing game i have all trial extereme games from the beginning its very good game
nelson simeon : it is the most popular game l ever play
foxy pirate : good graphic but money suck
robert batchelor : it would be much better if the bikes where a bit cheaper
deepak malani : online mode is better than offline
lilbishop bailey : fun fame but it is set up so the pc wins
a google user : maybe should be a bit easier to get coin but the riding is great
christopher stuckey : best game i've ever played! good graphics and love the competition!
nt 89 : do not reset the phone or you will not be able to reinstall the game
mnc amari : this game is addictive i love it
daniel mansfield : it should be 360degree riding for crazy tricks but this is still awesome
rupesh ghadi : online racing is fun n addictive
satveer singj : this game have really good graphics i love this game
trea weaver : love the game better than the last 3
rashed almohtasib : i have nothing to complaine
m.tahir cheema : installed this app on my samsung j5 and now it stuck at very first stage..there is no buttons for anything and just showing a blank screen. what to do now?
himanshu jain : y. played onln & offln good choice
larry harris : great game love to play it!!! thanks for the work guys!
jibbb : great game and this game has a real graphics and hard stage....
xaivier9704 xaivier9704 : great game. wish i could earn more coins
rahul rajal : it is very excellent and fabulous game bj
mike quirie : great game but not enough point reward
kitty's youtube learn dorlan donate : this game is the best game ever i clocked trial extreme & trial xtreme 3 & 4 know!!
jordan fearon : this game is awesome, i love it
scott chambers : quite addictive, good game for passing a bit a time
brandon reedy : need new levels beaten all of them but the last one saving my money for it but definitely need new levels once there are new levels i will rate it at 5
shahrukh qureshi : nice graphics and game
tristan smith : great control amazing motorbikes i absolutely love it
matthew lightle : don't download this it is a terrible game
vishwajeet surywanshi : i just loved it.mind blowing game
fluffy chops : awsome game. played it all week
darkraven pranks : its addicting
tyelor caltabiano : good game just not enough money
sandy war : every one should try it
kayla kay : it's an addictive game
spencer thomas : good but money comes slow
korben davids : never wants to play please fix it
gee giri : y can't open the game
jalal naeem : it is okay but too much ads
novel modz : doesbnot work on symphony t7 ultra
thamindu kavinda : nice game challenging
praveen s : avesome graphics and nice to play
steve robbins : will not even start uninstalling it
gage coates : amazing game but very chalengeing
noval duatiga : the best game n challenging
chris white : well great game for any age
shweta sharma : this is very good racing game
nathaniel nicholas : its wicked very addicting
sharath n : graphics are excellent, but better would be great
anik sezan : as bad as trial extreme 3... too slow... poor composition....
capptin daxter : when i enter the game it shows the cover page which says trial xtreme 4 and then it somehow exits the game
nick hayes : all am going to say is that this game is epic.
richard portman : great fun game , frustrating at times
malikeman eman : this game is very awsome!!!
chrisandnikki dennison : awesome game best out there
julian fields : it's great and worth a wait
ken l : great game. very addictive.
kirk sagum : it won't connect its just a bridge and grass it doesn't say connecting fix this
me mine : how could u go wrong? such a fun game.
jakeith watson : so good as the last one they made i hacked it let me know on kik if u want me to hack urs my name on kik is jamwithwatson i hack my coins to 99millon
aswin jyothis : never give up... try maximum to get more gold so that u can upgrade your bike or buy a new bike... there are many kind of helmets,jackets,pants and even shoes..... so i agree that this is a awesome and cool game.....
brendan arnold : great game,fun to play
sakhe seiks : it's one of de best games i have......
manjusha nadar : love to play this game "totally additive " .....it's a very good game
istvan bracsok : not as good after update...
naven augustus santos : this is the best game that i've played all day!!
marcel laynes : cool game. enjoy it.
princy dhar : graphics isbetter....awesome game
rodney elekia : every time i open the app it closes
a v : lost all my progress twice this has happened
craig tomkinson : addictive. loads of fun
aufa rizqullah : nice graphics!!
puan arthautami : cool cool gamed
garrett knajdek : this game is addicting
julian nunez : it addictive
raza ali : love this game
malik berard : games pretty straight
siddhesh chavan : no word for this game
mayur khadse : the game is not starting ...why is it so??????? very bad...
gediminas leita : nice graphics good.game
jason s : very cool.
krishnamoorthy k : fantastic news
grant reed : cool
mitchell mckay : very addicting
arslan mustafa : best game of the year
mitchell patterson : thine
ride 4 christ : the graphics are great
abhinav mahajan : great tym pass
ashish ghimire : really appreciate
adwaith j : its a good game
rider sameer : i love this game
jhayeon licay : best of the best
john bullard : play it everyday
braxton bleecker : it wad a cook gamd
jeremy scarborough : needs to be eastier to get money
erfan sheykhlou : awesome gameplay
mehedi hasan : very adicted
laxman kanekar : ok thank you
dragon 90210 : needs a reverse button
sbusiso djafroman : luv the game
sarad poudel : awesome game
jaden kerlen : really good
russell gates : cool game
barry mcgurty : great game
cb rc's : great and addictive
richard tartick : pretty good
bryan barragan : cool
jermaine johnson : cool
kade washington : cool
aida rivera : cool
james jeffery : it's ok
kyle juelfs : uninstalled. why would this app run in the background all the time when i only play it once every 6 months?
rj nicol : need money
stacey dams : it sucks
cesar velazquez : its awsom
purge w. eldiablo : boss asf
shinooz sakeer : tournament is very hard!!!!!!
matt koegler : boss
chris jackson : s6
daniel ralph : i do like it but there is no leagues to separate the boys from the men. i've only just downloaded it yesterday, i still don't know how to use it properly yet everyone on here gets impossible times that simply can't be beaten. coins seem hard to get so it's a very slow start with no simple upgrades to make you feel like your actually accomplishing something.
ryan plant : the ads have volume even when you mute the game, which will turn off any music you are playing. the game also disables using the button on your headphones to turn it on, very annoying, also at high speeds you can just launch off the bike when landing even small jumps. wheels glitch off sometimes. the gas button doesnt work sometimes, doesnt pause if there is a dialog in front of it, ex. the low battery dialog. no option for continuing from last checkpoint until you crash.
alex martin : ever time i get a new phone etc or reset my phone this is the first game i always download, one thing is that the tournaments... the people who win must not be doing it right as not to be big headed but i'm not the worse person on this game but the winners times are unreal. thank-you for reading great game though :)
adeel siddiqui : game starts jittering all of a sudden. besides this, naming it 4 doesn't means a harder difficulty. i'm a unity and unreal developer by myself. but there are users who are installing it for the first time. a new game for them shouldn't be that hard. please add fun++; and difficulty --;
calvin favata : the game has always worked great and had no issues but recently like the last day or two the buttons aren't working properly i'll be doing a back flip and it will just stop upside down and i can't rotate anymore same with the gas i'll be going up a ramp and my speed will just stop...not sure what the issue is but has just started very recently. would appreciate a fix.
andrew roy : how am i supposed to earn the money to buy the better bikes when you keep making me race the better bikes so there is no chance of winning. i'm just losing money racing people i have no chance against and to add to it i can't even continue till i beat them so one star till this is resolved.
rhys matthews : good game, u can win with any bike u just got to know the best button combination/route or speed for the track, loved it on the xbox, it's better on here than i expected, only been on it a few days unlocked 3 zones and still only have the default bike, i hardly ever lose! but it did take over my life on the xbox at one time, i think its happening again!
trail punishers rc crawlers : this game was fun until the game changed to look like i'm playing shadows... update: a month later and several updates later and still blacked out bikes and obstacles... this is really bad customer service. i pretty much only come back between updates to see if the games fixed which it's not, i'm pretty much over this game.
a google user : love the game but it gets hard really quickly. stuck on level 8 thailand and it won't let me pass unless i beat a real opponent. a little early too be this hard (for me at least).
burden : i love the game and all but the glitches get really annoying..on a regular jump il stick the landing and booom i fell off for no reason, or i'll land on some place and the wheel gets stuck thru the ground..please fix these glitches.
alan hillhouse : i really like the game just wish there were more opportunities to either earn or get coins . otherwise it's great
nals pelka : gets way too hard way too fast. can't beat opponents couse theyre way faster and stuff that sometimes there are jumps you can't make under any circumstances if you don't invest real money. don't play it. it's just a gold mine for em.
canadian bred rednek : the game is decent, lags badly during races, and it seems every 10 races it decidea to let you win maybe once...
dustin schoonveld : it's a fun game to play but there must be cheats out there because the people that "win" the tournaments have unreal times. especially the tournaments where you can only use the starter bike. makes it pretty unfair.
brian thompson : i just downloaded the game and i can't even play it it i'm assuming it gets to the main screen and all's i see is grass and a ramp that's it no buttons to hit or anything to play
michael watson : pretty cool game. tell me though, how can you race same track, exact same way every time and then when you have an opponent, , all of a sudden, it doesnt work? ride exactly the same, same stunts, all of it, but turns out different. this time you crash, or dont jump as far, or land messed up? little odd and very frustrating. other than that, game rocks
russell w : this game is great but it not that it's hard it's more annoying in some parts
faraaz shaikh : game lags while playing.and i have played more bigger games on my device there was no sort of lag but trial xtreme 4 lags.
b4nno : this update has ruined it, everything is dark and doesn't load or goes wrong, and now buttons are acting up. uninstall imminent
michael mcclanahan : it's addicting and just a great game to play in my free time or when i'm bored
damian hess : its a really fun game... just a bit lagish sometimes but it could be internet connection speeds but its still awesome
mxrider337 : better than most i've found out there for free.
jamie e : i understand ads. when i turn the effing sounds of the game off and get blasted by a loud ad that equals uninstalling.
mike k : just switched from iphone to a android device and the difference is astounding. the iphone version was great but on the android it's so jerky and unresponsive that it makes it impossible to be competitive.
damn troll : the online game play is absolutely amazing. not only that, it isn't pay to win either. you get login rewards!
hunter gant : it's laggy and glitchy but other than that it's great fix the lag please
lightning mchick : i like this game,but i think that y'all should make it to were you can make your own levels and your own designs on clothing.i'll rate it five stars if y'all do that,i thank a lot of people would agree with me.
blair robinson : very fun, same as i'd expect for any solid trials racer, online is great
chris justice : i love this game but it will not update. every other app and game updates accept this one.
eli mejean : i got far in the game i liked it but when someone pays to get better stuff and the you lose every race by they have a better bike i suggest not downloading it don't waste money on it. it also has so many glitches
kyle robbins : come on really? up to $99.99 for coins this completely absurd. enjoy the game but make the coin prices cheaper and you will make more money like 1 to 5$ max
william pomposelli : fun time waster had this game on all of my phones always a blast to see what's new
cheyenne mensch : i just downloaded this and when i try to open it, i get kicked to my home screen.
ahsan arshad : its almost impossible to beat ur opponents bcz the speed of the bike
justin barrett : 2 or 3 updates ago every 3d object is black very hard to see no bueno
craig c : doesn't work on my samsung galaxy s5 after the update
kyle sweatman : if i could duel my friends and it'd be awesome if the winnings were more per level
cj meeks : it crashes and takes me back to my home page when i click on practice or challenge
andy : keep getting stuck in objects which lose me races and tournaments
dave c : very addicting game fun to pass time. i probably spend too much time playing this game.
chris davila : the only way to play this game is with coins which is kinda hard because 1- the daily rewards are completely bs and you hardly get 1/20th of the amount of coins promised and 2- you never get the full amount of coins from a win basically forcing you to use real money
pudsx : rather hard to earn gold, i understand why. still fun game
kaiden worthington : it's a fun game, but does get pretty hard quick
cody blair : it's great for like 10 levels then if you don't spend about $10 in in app crap every few levels the computer blows you out the water
achim eckert : good game maybe some levels are a bit difficult though...
richard wolfe : great game but could have more free things to do to earn coins!!!
mattie oriakhail : it's so glitchy !! the bike glitches out all the time. i had to delete it. please fix it.
l s1979 : this game is way too hard too early.
adil khan : but bikes are not select need more money
scott cogan : great way to kill time while sitting i a crane
corey madera : dose not work total crap
neil dick : upgraded my s5 to s6 edge bit itsn't working.
mark clifford : absolutely love this game and it's so addictive .
keith baldwin : love this game! very hard to put down my phone and stop playing it.
thom bernard : very fun and addicting game levels are challenging but not impossible ..
kayla thompson : i've been playing this scince i was about 6and i'm playing now and i'm 8
mtn bkr : don't let the kids get ahold of it. wow, gta5 is only $60. i purchased a couple more sets of levels on this and they only got more difficult not more fun. $200??? maybe they meant 20. uninstall before i can't make rent
justin wood : i love the game but i can't play anymore when i go on the game it goes to a black screen
slim hayter : it was good game but you after buy your maps
paul raffa : great game keeps you pursuing your next upgrade and is fun to play
josh fadness : dam this game is fun makes me soo mad some times
bertram wilson : lots of challenges and fun,awesome game
slvat cv : nice game but it stucking and i beat my phone
sameer mirza : this game is very good game but plz make a offline playable game
mya lathan : i love it very realistic and cool thank you very much
elizabeth walsh : really good game but it got too hard too fast, how are you meant to progress? it doesn't make me want to spend my money on it, what's the point if you can't get past the first few levels?
a google user : it will never load to the game
tom sawyer : good to play when waiting around to do something.
laz asmus : just updated it..now it doesn't wanna turn on..sucks..was a pretty good game..but now cant even play it
howdoiaim : best game for mobile when your board or not
dan colon : addictive game but the new update made it not work on my phone galaxy s6
isaac godfrey : please add cheaper bikes
vijay kumar : bt mostly played online
bigbettis : awesome game can't stop playing
dakota bobbitt : fun game , impressive graphics and gameplay
adam edgar : good game with awesome customer service...
lynsey sagar : please make more games like this
jayden sievert : very good game to play!
delrico walker : it's awesome it has great bikes and good races
haseeb aslam : this game is very good for time pass
gerone platero : addicting game almost can't put it down
khan khaksar : very incredible game i like too much.
charles peek : motorcycle 2.5d gravity game! the best one i've played so far!
b lewis : tidy game but a ripoff to get coins
keith pickard : very fun game love that it is challenging
daniel glachan : great game very smooth but also very addictive
sam howard : get it u well be addicted like that
koleton branch : it is a very addictive game.
ezzeldin magdy : great game great controls easy to play
cassius cornell : it's a funn app
joshua grismer : very fun and very addicting
tom loguidice : lame bike sucks gotta make it better in order to do that u have to beat crazy boards and stupid obstacles plz make some possible to beat maps other than that somewhat fun b more fun if u had boards to transition into the harder ones
nathan hilburn : too many adds. but fun overall
sandy gilchrist : highly addictive can't put it down
tristan longo : love it play it every day.
martynas palumickas : there are better games than this.
yasir ali : totally awesome game.
mark kinsey : can't put it down
qaiser iqbal : this game is gorgeouse
deborah neary : frustakingly excellent
carl collins : great game
liam brown : good game addictive
robert adam's : very good graphics and addicting
matthew whitney : finally!!! better graphics
sammie waddie : so addicted to this game... love it...
andy pulsifer : i can't stop.
gurpreet kaur : this is the best game i ever played in my life but many ads
jeremiah williams : so coll i dont got the right words to say it
alex26bg : when i tap on "jump" it doesn't jumping,so fix your game!!!
unsaidlovestory : after last update my game is not playing
wayne mulloy : love it although hard!
michael wing : greatest pass time ever.
roger burdon : not as good trial 3
jord : for the coins
mario anderson : free to play. pay to win.
mattius pegg : love playing this game
nishesh tayal : my biker has gone dark like a shadow. how to fix it?
bryan cohen : really fun and challenging!
eric fox : way to difficult
brandon polk : app just shows a picture of a ramp, no loading. one star.
marc poliquin : love it great game play
john macdonald : great game very addictive
ram charan : nice racing...
nikos sydney : upgrade my motorbike!! why?
rai naveed sultan lati : its good time pass
markus taljaard : fun with friends
manish gaur : it is an very good game
ydn yahere : like to play this game
kaylen easthope : really fun and addicting game
a.p vizion tv : great game
david minto : it's cool
hayden kapiko : it disappeared
tye lewis : its pretty good
hima barbhaya : very nice game
freddy cuji : the best
hostile addict : bad to the bone
official vlogs by nathan : good game and challenging
dan lawrence : cool
darkspace : this game sucks
beardo bow hunter : put reverse on the bikes
joey bittle : great game
miichael pope : great game
kervin vigus : great game
taylor miller : addicting
govind negi : good to play
devin triplett : cool
dustin stanfield : it's ok
jacob wright : it wont load
puja bhadeshiya : it a stunt game
justin taylor : addicting
joshua : it wont load
jeff dublo : adjective
vinay choudhary : beat
nathan archer : bit of a money grabber. i mean, it costs you coins to play levels and join tournaments therefore it costs you pounds to get coins. when you get to harder levels you end up bankrupt coz everything costs coins to play (don't hit restart to often haha) ohh yeah and guess what, if u want levels to play and bikes to ride that costs real life pounds aswell. this game is designed to entice you into spending your money. at least with trials xtreme 3 if you spent money you got rewarded. this is a rip off. sorry
david phillips : if my rider hits something i crash and basically have to restart but if the competitor does nothing happens... it's almost impossible to see ahead so you never know to either slow down or speed up or jump to stay low... and if you chose wrong you crash
mark benton : i like the game. only gave three star because it forces got to race other players to unlock more stages. i don't care about racing others, i just wish to challenge my own times. when they get rid of this requirement i will continue to play and give more stars.
a google user : game is not fully playable without buying in-app coins. the game itself is trash compared to versions 1 and 2* just as disappointing as trials xtreme 3 it is just an ad machine not a fun game. now getting notification ads promoting in-app purchases.
nick roberts : this game is fun and addicting, but the fact that you can only have the first group of lvls for free but need to buy everything else is played out. the same lvls get boring quick and the only thing you can buy with coins is bikes. you should also be able to change the color of the bike after you have bought the colors not be stuck with the next upgrade for body. fix that and make it possible to buy new lvls with coins and not just cash and this will be 5 stars. still the same
joseph savino : was a decent game for the first 2 days i was playing, then got this update. havnt been able to load game to main menu since. stops on a grassy field and never loads further. tried uninstall and reinstall only to get the same result. not worth my time.
stib : the game is pretty okay. however, i think you guys (the developer) should have spent all the budget on improving trial xtreme 3 such as improving the graphics, adding new features, costumes, levels, and taking actions against the cheaters. tx3 is much better overall and more popular since almost everyone in my town play it. therefore, i hope that the developer would take into consideration of what being said. cheers.
tommy chapman : you have to spend in game money to race people. you get put against people who gave way better bikes than you and you can't physically beat them. so you end up losing all your money. then the only way to get it back is with real cash. this game is all about the developers making money. pay to win.
kbs krishna : really really good :) and the best part after i failed to beat an opponent to get to the next level thrice in a row, got a message saying that they noticed how hard i was trying and unlocked the next level. that's so so cool. makes you feel that you are dealing with humans, and not machines :)
jeff c. : used to play this game everyday but stopped for a few weeks. came back to the game today and the game just hangs on the second screen that it shows. must be from the latest update,
tom king : game is awesome but after this update it won't work at all it just shows a screen of some big open field with a bridge and freezes on that. i even deleted and re-download ed and it is still doing this. please fix this it's been 3 days
dillion preston : stupidest game ever designed. so poorly made. controls don't hardly work. game glitches to where you are stuck and can't move. it lags. i feel dumber for having downloaded it. immediately uninstalling it. save yourself some time and find something better.
patrick lowitz : it lags and slows down when you play against someone. i'll be in the lead and the game will start lagging then i'll lose the lead. it ruins the whole game.
homie baker : i've tried downloading this game 5 different times and every time it don't give me menu just a ramp and grass
shaun : very addictive game! 5* works perfectly on s5 and it looks expensive to buy stuff but you can very quickly save up 70k to get a new bike etc. just have a little patience and race often.
robert marsland : but today i can't play it starts loading gets to the menu area and it's blank please sort it out guys
ross mckamey : very fun and very challenging. great time killer but they need to make it easier to play consistently without spending money.
kieran clarke : after the new update it crashes at the start screen (wood bridge coming down hill...). i have seen a couple other people with the same issue.
joe hardy : this game is so addictive and very competitive its a good game to pass time and its completely fair you don't have to pay to win, just save the coins then buy your new bike or upgrades 5 star this for sure.
jase watson : not a bad game, but 2 background processes running constantly whether playing the game or not concerns me as security risk and a battery killer. would have uninstalled sooner had i noticed them before.
danny lockhart : game is very addicted. awesome. something wrong i keep having 2 unis tall after few days freezes up any updates coming 4 this
yuki thunderwolf : it cost to much money to play. and it takes forever to get the money. and how you are to get new tracks is stupid. please fix. and i am uninstalling this app. because it is so lame to even get money.
jay jay : unable to play the game when connected to the internet. so far its ok but unable to progress in the game
tyler yoon : very great game for time killing. fun, decent graphics, and totally playable for free. love jt.
adam frauenfelder : just downloaded it, game just freezes as soon as it even opens the smallest bit.
kurt raymond : every map had a glitch or you hit a ramp wrong body parts get stuck i would not download this it sucks.
brandon hurd : shows grass and a ramp and its like it just freezes, nothing happens.
jairo raul osejo : the best way to make money in the game is to race other players... but the game has been purposely making me race against players i can't beat because i don't have a fast upgraded bike, but i can't get a fast upgraded bike because i don't have the money, and i can't get money because i can't beat players, and i can't beat players because i don't have upgrades and i can't get upgrades because i don't have the money and i can't get mon- i hope you can see where i'm going with this... and i just started playin
farid nur rachman : whoops, sorry to make you worry. i think its just because of vpn, after i turned it off, it finally connected.
craig holden : end up racing people with the best bikes and losing all your money forcing you to buy coins to proceed or grind for weeks. worst currency dynamic in any game. never install
mal brown : rips you off on in app purchases payed 10$ got nothing in return
mohd al hafeez yusuf : enjoy this game . but i think need the improvement for upgrading the bike . because we cant view 1st . if we tap on the level upgrade , its already buy . just make it the same with accessories . choose 1st and tap the button of apply . i enjoy this game but didnt like when we need to fight and pay money for unlock for next level .
beau smith : same here havnt really won 1 game i always play people with 2leveled bikes up from me nd they beat me by like 20-30seconds so impossible to win and wen i do start winning it glitchs out and ill get stuck in the wood or in something so unistalling.....
daniel franklin : (if you don't mind the ocasional clipping in some obstacles and absurd prices for better bikes)
connor hatton : ok so been playing a 2 week now and so far pretty happy my only gripe is some levels are too difficult against real people i know because my best of thai #5 is something like 42 seconds and i was up against someone who did it in 23 seconds. another thing that happens a lot is my rear wheel often catches on something causing me to lose but that may just be my driving style. other than these things good game would recommend it to friends.
cfs oma01 : fun game, seems to be an issue with getting your winnings some time. but all in all a good game.
matt scammell : takes me into game but freezes on a green background. please fix for lg g4c
larry allard : game was great until last update, now it won't load. it freezes at a field and goes no further.
salman ullah khan : for every minor improvement i have to waist 300mb of my data...please stop...
william hemenway : good game but after last update the levels that i had already unlocked became locked and all my progress was deleted my coins all gone and all my upgrades to my bike were gone. the game is awesome an i love playing it just very disappointed i put in alot of effort an a update deleted my progess in the entire game an of my name
chris king : challenging dirt biking game that has good physics. hard to gain coins for upgrades on the bike but still the fun remains.
tj myles : this game is fun but also passes time. it is addictive and helps keep from getting board. the fun part i that you can go head to head with other people.
joebuz the maverick : this game was good when it it came out but got worse as the month went
neil ruff : great game. you don't have to spend money to get coins. just play it everyday and play the tournaments. i think the game is awesome just don't like the ads. works perfect for me and almost done with all the levels and have 3 bikes now. all without spending money. good job guys. also just got the recent update that gave me a new track and love it.
blake sisk : shity game. played for about 15 minutes and deleted it. set up to make you spend money from the beginning.
daniel cruz : it just keep stealing my money xc
john williams : great game to play when your bored, sometimes challenging as well.
wayne walker : doesn't work. goes as far as start up screen then turns itself off
matt adams : very fun but does not connect real good can't race half my facebook friends ...
kaan balci : fun and can play vs friends (updated now so u cant) takes too long to load.
nicholas benevento : this game has great visual effects, but has numerous conflicts with lucky patcher, has like a ton of ads
travis dorian : these games would be 10 times better if u didnt have to use real money to buy fake money. screw that. worst game ever invented.
sean mitchell : latest update now makes it even glitchier than ever. it's just about unplayable now. such a pity, it was an awesome game once.
justincase hd : sorry.. but this game is complete garbage. nothing like the originals
danial aidil azhar : after the new update, the game won't load and woild crash
joseph best : just installed the all and i can't load the game, it just stays on the loading screen forever.
darren mcneill : great game i had issues with installing on my new phone and lost everything but hit the contact button and they set me back up there and then and back to where i was.
joshua hartman : amazing game. had some troubles but the technician fixed it asap. thanks matt and max!
get smarty : would be way better of a game if you didn't have to unlock levels by winning races.
brian greene : game doesn't load and freezes on the home screen. would give better rate if i could even play it.
aero- potato : some of the vs are quite challenging but great fun. s6edge+
joe palmer : downloaded and uninstalled in less than 10 minutes. i won't be forced to pay to play. get your **** together, if that's the only way you can get by, try a different field
gary kovach : won't load past the start screen
endless summer : always getting passed by people who can afford to buy upgrades....put the yuppies in their own class to race
joey lester : it's really fun and fast paced but there's no balancing act levels that really make trials competitions what they are. still a cool game though
coul rich : sits at the ooening where the rider stands at the main menu. however there is no guy and nothing to click on just the background scenery. loved the game but now it ia unplayable.
brenton asquith : fix the glitch with the throttle. sick of it. just randomly stops accelerating even when you press it.
louis oplawski : this game used to be good. now it crashes every time i play it.
callum gregory : i'm the first day it was good but now it is terrible it's making my touch screen to funny and making my phone slow. don't downlod it.
matty reeve : i think it is an absolute brilliant ga.e and everyone should have a go at it, there is one small problem and that is a bit of lag but other than that it is a good game
james barefield : i downloaded the game and it wont even get to the game. it stops at the grassy screen
clan bahrain : i love this game but its really unfare because all my races are comming with high level bikes
nathan cranford : game is entertaining. but i world enjoy being able to reverse for more speed into long jumps
jr roy : super fun game, easy to get lost playing when you have nothing but time to burn. great graphics, a well designed game. also a plus the support team was super helpful when i couldn't get the game to load.
cody szymanski : i think it would be better if you go against real prople
matt kennett : tried to buy credits and i has ripped me off .payed for credits and it has taken my money and not given me my credits and also taken extra money
anthony weaver : got time to kill good game to play but spend money on it paid 20 for 175.000 coins they got my money i got nothin and cant get a refund got me never again other than that good game
cullen posthumus : this game keeps laging and always let the computer win
jay alexander : staying up all night playing..ugh game is highly addicting. great game!!
william : it's challenging, it has nice graphics, and it's fully playable for free. i guess that to advance in the higher levels, i'll eventually have to buy upgrades, but it'll be worth spending a few bucks on it cuz it's a fun game.
aaron nixon : takes 10%of my battery when it loads!!! after its loaded its a good game though.
bryce harvey : worst game i have probably downloaded so far
mr. king of spring : bomb triccs if you land them
abdul waheed : when i launch the game it went me back to menu please solve my problem
juan cordero : since the last update the game only download a screen that looks like somewhere in andes in peru.
jack sharman : i hated this game it is probably the worst game i have ever play
andro duplessis : no my game dont wanne go in it goes imidiatly goes blank
chad woodward : fun good graphics i would rather not race and just do the trials courses.
andre' smith : technical enough to challenge you, yet rewarding enough to maintain excitement.
accio potter guy : why is my issue not being fixed?! i win money. it says i got it. then i look. and i didnt get it!!!!
thomas waters : before the update i got a no internet connection even though connected to my house wifi so installed the new update now it freezes on this new screen with a wood bridge when i open it been playing it for several months and can't play it anymore
jayden williams : why do you need internet to play!? i was on the way to a friends house and i wanted to play to pass the time. then it wouldn't let me play. i had no other games on my phone right now. besides that! awesome game!
xxx{acid}sw6g1txxx 45 : it dosen't work i click the game it kicks me out..
martin blackburn : good game shame u can't build coins quicker
adam knight : great game and great support if you ever have an issue. love it
ashley neale : pretty good needs to give more currency tho
nick fry : it's a good game wish it was easier to get money.
james l : play it too often as i find it addictive and frustrating when i loose coins
olgica spasevska : i hate this game so much
a wimpyman : trials extreme 3 had much better game play, map design, and customization
oualid fouad : one of the best motorcycle games if not the best!
samsung tablet : server updated wiped all of my data. now i have to start from scratch. guess i'll uninstall.
abdoul karim traore : this game is good but the bikes cost so much
tom hodgson : good but don't like the fact that you have to use internet
christopher setzer : not as good as trials series but pretty close
trex : not a money grabbing scam . fun to play
sean morris : great game, extremely cool support team. go trial!
mike mason : it's a very addicting game...fun and a real time waster
matts_moto : everything was fine and dandy until i have to beat another player to continue so time to remove game
fahad fattah : it could me more nice if in this game there is some more bikes and there shoul be a somthing like endless zone
parker renshaw : really wanted to play and it wont even load on my phone just goes back to my home screen please fix
combat arms channel : fkn fix it dopey
xxjohnzxgamingxx hardcoregaming : add more feauture at offline mode
charles sheridan : love it basically
vinodg choudhary : its good game to play i like it very much not borring but i like it
michael tucker : takes a while to get in a good standing thru out the maps
nate burdick : love it sucks u have pay for the next level should make it where u beat one level u go to the next
brandon leacock : i hate how you lose money so easily its hard to upgrade my bike not even fair this game is a disappointment
toxic pursuit : this is a must download if u like dirt bike games
corian wilson : very glitchy and just bullshit
ado puljes : on the start froze and stop
sandeep amkare : very bad hang it
kingsley ogoh : i so much love this game, and enjoy playing it coz its so much addictive
astro carter : love game i hope they make a new one
tj morris : why isn't there a single player? multiplayer should be an option, not mandatory. and micro transactions ruin games.
andrew hampton jr : it's dose the job haha !
niroshan wedisinghe : i love this its so awesome and so addictive...
mohan krishna : this game is super but why this game is suppose to net
chris baker : great game really challenging lots of fun
brett craig : expensive purchases. great game
jarrod adkins : racing game of the year
timothy becker : like the game. should be easier to earn money.
white boi : great game wish u could earn coins a bit easier takes a long time to save up 260000 to unlock docks
chrystal jackson : downloaded it for my son and when you open the app to play it the game wont even load or anything and i have an android phone
andrew mcgillivray : great game to kill time with
richard berglund : its not going past the second screen with the ramp
mark eggo : quality game cant stop playing it!!
bryceston stone : the game will not load and nether will the the third one.
paul howard : brilliant game hard at times but good thanx
forrest proxmire : super fun, love the game!
nick hitchen : really great game addictive recomend 5 stars
martin mills : very addictive but very fun game
rawalian riders : best trail bike game i loved it best graphics
jeremy keyton : it a great game to mess around on
dan gregory : little bit expensive for upgrades etc... but awesome!
blade thorne : i downloaded the game and its wont load a main menu or anything it will come up with what is presumably the opening screen and nothing happens from there very dissapointing
sheldon mccone : waiting on refund from tickets witch i never got......
travis makara : some good competition
kartik saini : i love this game.everyone should play this game.
stephen sawatsky : pretty good. needs more levels.
??? : i can't load into the game it won't get past the part where it shows macho pichu
jesse mills : good game though there should be another way to unlock levels than having to beat an opponent tracks are really fun but having to beat someone adds more pressure than having fun causing more stuff ups than in practice making spend heaps to vs just to screw up over and over
charles moody : wont load main menu.
wayne r.c. sherman : the best #$@&/% free game i've found so far...
jeyaseeli wranton : i like this game so much
jeremy e21 : great to play for competition and fun.
nik : best motocross game out there
hiram polly : it is so cool and funny
oscar macias : real nice its a good challenge
devin kellogg : the new freakin update won't even open past the beginning baccround.! what kinda crap is that!?
tracy grant : strategy racing
sumit chauhan : most additive game and graphics is good
david turner : nice fun and easy game
steve graddy : best moto game out there
dave hammer : good fun reminds me of excitebike
donald chapman : awesome graphics and pretty realistic
steve burt : i like this game it is super fun.
shaik sameer : just installl u will be in a new world......
mifacool 10 : omg,it glitches every time i wanna go online!! help!!!
zoslos : it's a good game
archana singh : as i was reading the reviews they were it worked
andre c : pretty decent game, but can't figure out how to play against facebook friends?
johnathan hall : ight could have better grqphics
farhan manzoor : it connecting for 2 hours till now not start
akaki dumbadze : i rate 4 just because there are no levels where only you play
carlos martin alejo : i downloaded the game then when tried to play it wouldn't let me play
dave gibbons : challenging and frustrating.... but bloody awesome
johann giliomee : best game ever must download!!!!
leon mason : won't go past the loading screen
filip florczyk : ever since the new update nothing is working if it changes i rate the game 5 stars !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
einstein de guzman : nice game. awesome!!!
savitha shetty : plzz fix it it is not opening
lucas lavista : just got the update and now the game won't play
srinadh sri : one of the bst game ..
brian mcwherter : the game will not load it shows a grassy field and no menu!?!?!?
nolan miller : it is good, well... its the best!!!!!
r : good game and good previous games .........................
rohith r : more levels than tx3
justin thomas : pretty cool game.
jake evans : earning coins is ridiculous
jeff schontag : fun game to play
ashley banfield : addicted to this game it brilliant
james nichols : not to bad....
seth tredway : very addictive!!!
kolten johnson : trials bikes not circus bikes not a race but talent and santa claus really????
luis escarraman : i purchase a motorcycle for 80000 coins and i have been seen my upgrade bike please fixed before i cancel the order
nathan little : this game is awsome
ashwin k nair : really liked the game
derek pflughoeft : not loading what so ever
kelly satterfield : got old fast
kashyap bhatt : cool graphic and good physics
taha anwar ul haq : best game must download
zach walsh : this game is the shiz
anthony brown : get this game
jason thole : totally addictive
raymond chang : good game very to play
bhagvatiben patel : this game is amazing
aristotle philosophy : glitches for the s7
hari prakash : good game for boring times
diego hortiguela arozamena : it's competitive
macalbert dra-zonyrah : hey guys this game is awesome and i think you should get this game because it is awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! !!!!!!!!!!
gil miller : fun and difficult at the same time
david cini : thoroughly enjoyed it
karol duda : nice playable game
rick cressman : just bought 85,000 coins for 9.99 and i got the confirmation text and all and the coins never appeared in my trials bank.
jon siegfried : how do i turn the sound off ?!?!?!?
lil k : how about trail xtreme 5
ical williams : i like this graphic
andrew reddy : fun challenging and fruatrating
philip de keyser : pretty addicting
nathan mowles : great game
charlie bittick : is food
itskatelynn : love this game
dawson martinez : cool
gerardo diaz : great game
craig dryden : great game
justin kiser : awesome thanks
ruben maldonado jr : freaking awesome
chanse martin : to hard to control and to hard
artur luts : cool
sharma family : addictive
brandon kilcoyne : addictive
macrocosm : cool
nige d : it's ok
neil knight : addicting.
tiago neves : it's ok
tobie gough : have to pay to play
christopher zuercher : yeppers
land jack par : class game
shyam pandey : filled with ads
tyler schwendiman : dosn't have local multiplayer and has dum cpu!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
peter : graphics top class and game play good. after time did freeze alot but got better. if you play often you can afford everything without paying any money. might take 3 months but i bought all bikes and upgraded them fully and finished all stages and set a time for all types of tournaments.
alan kee : loved the game, the tracks, and the challenges. then the last update and the game freezes before the main menu. took my time contacted the developer, was told to uninstall and reinstall. did that no change. then was told must not be the right file. guess what, google play only has on 20mb file if it's not right then upload the right one about to give up on this. 3 bikes earned and extra tracks as well and now this.. boo.
jorge monge : as every other game nowadays it's all about the money, how come you can't even complete a single player carreer because all you have it's "practice mode" and will give you like 10 different levels before spending some of your own cash ...
chazz ngapuhi : great game. ..thank you deemedya 4 an alsome game . hopefully 1 day you will come up with ideas to make xtreme trail 4 even better. but until then your loyal fan maori. .ps keep up with the great work.
timoteo maa : every time i press go it stops dumb game it is retarded i just started playing and it is giving me these level 1000000 on the first level this is so hard and dumb i wish i knew how to do a half star u lucky i don't dumb game its kinda addicting tho but it makes me super duper mad gosh thank you and have a nice day :deez nuts
jonny levesque : would be five stars but i feel like the match making needs to be improved, i get matched with players who have the best bikes and lose every time because i haven't gotten there yet. matchmaking should be based on your bike lvl not just randomness.
b a : this game is great until you get to about the 3rd bike. then its like none of the tracks make any sense what so ever. you either hit your head on everything and wipe out all the time or jump too far and go super slow. pretty lame, because its when i really started to like the game too. i will be looking elsewhere until they correct this
haritho ihsanio : it have good physic which really is statisfying,have good map and everything but what i think they have to improve is the graphic,they should rework the graphic because the graphic is bad and have minimum and to maximum graphic adjustment in the setting. the interface is also pretty bad and i hope they don't put a scene at every end of the race
rc michael : to much money for things. hard to make it thru game when have to pay more than you win for each race. lot more stars for lot less greed.
respond code3 : theres no moga controller support . i guess this is fine for most people, but id rather use my controller. uninstalled
travis marchant : love the game, can't wait for more. currently having a small issue with my game, i contacted them and they fixed my prob no questions asked and continue to help me figure this out. 5 stars
colton mitchell : i've really been liking this game. now apparently my game started over/lost my save. just got the second bike fully upgraded too
zachary bergeson : good game with decent graphics, but i wish i could just play the levels without wagers.
nick schmidt : decent game at wasting time, but the darkness of the levels makes it hard and frustrating to play. ridiculous, pointless, and counterproductive update at the least.
tyler caudill : was going great for weeks then all of a sudden it wouldn't open. had the home screen background, but no words. no way to start the game just stuck on the background
brandon schrage : awesome game. but it's pretty dumb to require you to play "online" and then have the server down all the time. should not need to be online to advance in the game. change the format or keep the server running!
brian benner : stupidly addictive game. starts slow but really takes off after some decent bike mods
ashley cole & little mole : i play this alot and have spent money so fix this!! it goes past the main screen then crashes!! i have a samsung s4 i won't be sending an email as i cannot see how u will resolve this any faster.
eliran maooda : this looks like really great and fun game but loading just keeps loading...can't progress...please fix for 5 stars. lg g4
beau fuhrmann : too many glitches. the guys head gets stuck in stupid places and you hit random glitches that make you loose a race.
mike aragon : i was having problems the other day and emailed about losing my bikes .i received a response quickly and was back on the track.
gerard castro : please fix *used to love the game. i emailed you
scuba steve : will not load. freezing before the game starts. playing on galaxy s5
richard oliver : i usually like these kinds of games but with the horrible glitches and crappy physics some of the levels are nearly impossible unless you somehow happen to get everything going in your favor.
jack jackson : i love this game but the latest update (as of dec 24) i can't get on to play. please fix soon and you will find a 5 star from me.
nicardo nicholas : doesn't work good on my phone ads pop up in the middle of the race and phone freezes when i play sometimes
deejay piro : cant buy anything from the app ie unlock levels and coins. saying not trusted/high risk
logan skilton : it looks like a great game and all, but it just won't load d: please fix for five stars.
austin liberty : don't play this game j promise u don't play it it glitches constantly over and over and over and it f's u over
rajesh pandian : my mobile micromax unite 2, when i open it , the bikes and the player man is black. when i rotate my mobile the graphics comes properly and went off. i played this game with black bikes and black menu. solve it please
adam billington : love this type of game but it is very glitchy and jumpy.
tyler hu : fun game but it lags hard on my galaxy note 3
widdy widster : no bad but sick ae pop ups all the time
reggaejr uk : love it, keeps me occupied for hours lol it should unlock tracks though with out having to race other people
austin mc : i played this back on xbox and loved it. the android version is clean
arash torabi : my 202 mg internet and my time gos to this game i dont like its so hard to play
timothy knorr : it cost too much money for bikes and maps, add tricks to give us money.
koby berry : great game. i loved it and definitely will be playing it for a long time
nicholas chappell : slow laggy and jerky. makes game play impossible. wouldn't bother.
c stone : awesome game. not your average app. love the way you compete against people from around the world. still trying to figure out how to duel my friends from facebook tho. when i create a duel it just has the random option??
lee jacobs : great game but all of a sudden it won't load past the boot screen
kenneil : black covers the screen and crashing just fix it for five
paul evans : the physics to the game is terrible and the control are glitch at times.
richholland86 : just downloaded it, and won't load on htc m9.
david swan : great game. lots of fun. reminds me of game i used to play on pc when i was a kid.
dirk schumann : i love this game but cannot connect. cleared data and cache and still doesn't connect
jimmy sowell : it's hard to believe i'm playing this on my phone for free! so much fun! i love this game. thanks a lot! i gotta place in thi . tournament and get so cash!
mario arredondo : for all ages..my kids and me love it
raed tw : i like the challenge and earning poits in this app. don't miss it
pampyize : good game to kill time
kev mcmanus : love the game, any chance of any more levels tho? i've collected all the stars and there's nowhere to go with it now really....which is a shame as i really enjoy playing it......
andy jones : a few annoying glitches but very enjoyable
shawn salomon : it a good game but there is to many ads and advertisements.
lee ridgway : it looks good but it won't load on my tablet
aaryan suthar : 1 star less for ads....and another star less bcoz its the same as tx 3 just some minor graphics and still i feel it was much better than this......tx3 > tx4
tim harrison : cost to much gotta have money after 5 races not worth it
chucklesmcbuckles : awesome way to pass time and competitive game
kevin dahms : awesome game cant wait for the new levels to come out
demance jolivette : gotta give more coins and maybe a turbo button
pranav sharma : i love this game
scott warner : don't like that you have to play online to unlock the levels
michael smith : game won't load after title screen
bloodifyer : i beate all the leaves on my mom tablet and it was fun
kontrolled khaos games : this game is really cool and really difficult i love difficult
luke notter : download it so i can whoop you
mazharul islam shakil : i thing every one love this game
edward rogers : awesome best game i've played
clo o : runs smooth and addictive gameplay. galaxy note 3
vix m : best game loads of fun great graphics
brandon thompson : it was fine before me having it 8 days then it is on thens sends me back to my home screen please fix for 5 stars
tim m : fun but hard to get coins to upgrade
nate smith : new ipdate gave me nothing start up screen only nothing else it was great untill the update now thumbs down fix it plz
muxubo shire : i love this game so much
dajon reed : fun but annoying in so many ways
adam jensen : very addictive, also challenging.
aj van niekerk : the coolest game but hard to level up!
tim s. : fix the lag game will be better
kevin g : fuc#n awesome game a must have
deion dina : this game sucks.
cameron spangler : i downloaded the game and it just went too a blank screen... the i restarted my device... and it still didnt work... wast of time!
peyton black : you should get this game
bobby pena : paid to get all levels unlocked but it still has them locked!
tyler collins : good times roll
samuel morales : best game out there
ryan whited : play everyday awesome game
deveous the lyrical deviant : it's cool pretty challenging
stefan kostic : says i dont have enough coins to use my bike? its already purchased.. game also crashes from time to time
samir pasha : i did it for the coins
kenneth pace : nice physics!
brandon marshall : the game always lags even when i got top bars of internet connection it lags and makes you crash and lost so much money because of this reason lately please fix it and ill give five stars
nas the you tuber : i love this game
vishwa deshan : nice graphics......play and enjoy....good game for 15+
dustin warf : horrible game.
daniel bohorquez : love this game! addicted!
brant hetherington : this is an awesome game!!
moeen zaman : best racing game ever!!! but little bit hard.
tusticle : great game!
robert frost : awesome game play, rocker game
richard dupree : awesome addictive game!
daniel folvig : loved it :)
abhyshek raju : very challenging game to be honest
corey southall : love the game!!!
becca thring : love the graphics
michael payne : awesome game so addictive
isaac allen : best rate 10 out of 10
conall rooney : whenever i play somebody it loads and takes my game money and then turns off and when i go back on the money is gone
qe* : time wasting
josh arbuckle : top game
mohamed elsayed : is awesome i loved it
fareed jutt : thanks for offline mode
lizzy martinez : like a star in the sky
shane ridgway : game won't load.
ehsan mostaghimi : that nice
mike berting : great game
lewis bolger : great game
ron burleigh : cool
joseph wilder : cool
lizzy martinez : its a star in the sky
ryan twissell : not loading
nipper park : donttellyomother
bobby paul : i'm on 2nd stage bike (maxed out) always racing against the fastest bike ( hurricane) in the game and there's no possible way for me to ever beat them the just leave me behind and i've memorized a few maps to where i don't make any mistakes ...i'm starting to want to delete this game
da guk : i love the trials games. this version is fun and addictive and has some interesting levels. but the one complaint i have is that to move on you have to "win races against opponents". and races cost coins. and if you lose you don't move on. just make where a certain number of stars is needed
aaron kyte : was a good game, update ruined it, new update makes it good again. addictive and one of the best games out atm. if i could suggest a few things to developers it would be more customisation options on clothing and especially bike customisation in terms of individuality. the bike can only look how they want it to look, you can't choose your own paint job, decals, think need for speed style customizing. also when entering tournemants you have to repay entry fees if you want another go at the same tourney.
alex selig : take away the frickin pay or beat another opponent to advance in levels. that's just stupid that i had to spend 4 days just to get up 1800 coins to get past the 8th level on the first set of levels!!! so ready to uninstall this game because of that.
fito productions : i just can't figure out what people are doing to get these fast times in the tournaments if all our bikes are the same and all maxed out it be at least4 sec difference from me and top ten not to mention the number one guy that's about 10 sec difference addicting game though
sean myers : would been 5 star but needs more trails already completed and done as much as can be done. only fault is when bike gets stuck half way through something and u cannot move. and duals shunt be aloud to close app and start again should be one run no matter what!
jonathan henderson : ever since i upgraded this game, it has been nothing but glitches. before the upgrade i would have rated it 5 stars, but not now. it was a fun game. the only reason i gave it 2 stars and not 1 is because i have enjoyed it so much in the past. fix the bugs please.
adam towne : it's a good but there is a minor mistake. whenever you land on your back tire you fall off. i do motocross supercross endurocross harescrambles and free style motocross never have i had anything like that happen to me. and yes i have landed back tire first.
freddie howat : great game untill latest update now it keeps laggin which makes it annoyin n keep makin me crash.
nathan mccullough : love the game but i'm having an issue. random things in the background and my rider on most tracks turned solid black. very frustrating. been like this for a few days now. please fix!!! makes the game very un fun to play when your rider blends into the obstacles on the track...
bud s : its a great game i enjoy playing it. but cost way to much for next bikes and next levels. lower those down takes way to long to get coins. game is so laggy now i can barley even play plus its 120k for the next tracks which is hard to get cause i can't win due to the lag and it costing so much
christopher k perkins : this game is awesome! only reason i'm giving it two stars is because my rider and most of the course went black. i can't see where i'm even going. i even tried turning my brightness all the way up but i still can't make out anything. please fix.
arslan asif : i've always enjoyed deemedya's games and this one is no exception a tweeked version of its 3rd iteration. the only con is no local multiplayer which i recommend developer to add sooner than later.
casey louise patterson : the game itself it's really good. hate that you have to compete in order to unlock more levels
braydon john : makes me want to throw my phone levels get extremely difficult and you can only level up by using online. good but frustrating. could be alot better
blip_ : great app, easy controls, good competition and fun maps that are long enough for enjoyment but not too long to make you feel trapped in a round.
niko christopher : i'll be riding the track then i hit a ramp and then boom. my character falls off. no reason. just falls.
paul quinn iv : can u guys plz think about the maps before using them they make no sense half of the time the blower's the auto ramps the following rams are in the game they get in your way they make it impossible to have completely awesome runs each time you run the maps are not thought of very well poor design great concept
vadim lukin : my phone shut off while a race and it still took the money off me. fix that
vi k : please stop the multiplayer stuff, its really not good . also , make the maps more realistic because they make no sense with all that stuff piled up everywhere .
daniel banks : it's a good game. highly addictive but i can't seem to find half my friends who have the game too.
michael canto : awesome challenge
karun kumar : i installed this game but all the navigation are hiding because a some black graphics are hiding the navigation, so how can i play
jami becker : fun game until recently, now my it freezes up entire phone when trying join any races before and after update....uninstalled
samuel torres : in some maps if you hit any thing hard with the bottom middle of your dirt bike you crash. plz fix; the costs too much to buy the other bikes
mathew sharp : great game but within the last month it won't load to the main screen. this is my fav game and i can't play it
aaron froman : absolutely great game, for the first two levels. than they make it almost impossible to continue unless you want to spend lots of money. real money. not game money. what happened to if you beat levels you get to continue on. would be nice if that would change.
ginger brown : really good game and graphics and when you start you should get 35,000 gold not 20,000 and their are way to many ads i can barely even play the game everytime i die theres an ad
jennifer wright : u should pla dis game it's awsome...but some levels r hard but whatever it's as i said awsome.
moocen : the reason i rated this so low is because of all the stuff to deal with online. i just want a good trials game with no races just tracks. it takes out all the fun.
sumeet parui : drop in frame rates makes it unplayable.
rishabh aggarwal : all i see in the game are shadows which totally kills the experience. i don't get it why's it happening. i tried uninstalling & reinstalling the game but to no avail.
josh : you can't progress past the first stage unless you buy coins
elliot branfort : this crashes half the time and if you don't fix it i will delete it
amanda lavoie : game sucks lags so much gameplay is good but fps is so low on my phone
eric mcclure : i had initially disliked this game and gave it a horrible review. i was wrong!! this game is fun and totally addictive. i can't put it down
haden harper : this game is very fun to play. it makes me feel as if i'm actually there!
samuel hernandez : if they fix the laggy parts in the game it will be the best
daniel loster : extremely addicting! warning: only play if you have impeccable self control.
melinda robinson : this game is fun but it some times cheat
music and remix : when i play if i get one tap on the helmet i die
shredpool ton : it's hard at first but once you learn it it's awesome! i use buttons to turn!
daniel henley : why on earth did they get rid of the gyro controls for tilting? i don't need more buttons to push to enjoy the game better...
matthew meeks : when i click on it it goes back to home
srikesh karuna : ilove this i win in the race so i like this game it's a super duper game
kevin groom : more bikes and rider-customs
jennie pernini : super fun ,,would be wayyy better if it had a chat box
troy hunter : wont let me play the game coz its not loading it properly can you sort it out plz
jeremy dutcher : great time killer. always keeps me busy
jimmy spangler : game sucks you die over every little thing when u race someone they always have the last bike
the fitzwater : title says it
steven niksik : need all level unlock it would be more fun and more levels
taha ansari : closes automatically after a few seconds
andrew smith : i spent money and tryed to restore it and it wouldn't restore
ohadoma nduka : please add country based tournament and let it also be paid for, that will really keep the competition going,,,
juan segura : i just dont like the fact that you have to play against someone else to unlock other laves
kelly roberts : it's greatest game ever since i've played it
dusty mason : a some cool/incredibil/so amazing/so .......... i can't think so i just ran out of acompilments
chris wells : great game good fun.
clayton dickerson : little glitchy, but very addictive
bout to go ham : every time i loose because i glitch and the other player glitches my god fix and the maps because they suck fix all of that i will rate five stars
connor lemmon : actually really cool! very fun!
miodrag vasic : always running in the background, deleted because of that.
william stewart : i didnt really like the game at first but it has definatly grown on me i have alot of fun plaing now
scott edwards : it is so vere fun
willem poortvliet : great game but graphics could of been better
elias story : i love it, but my brother-in-law can now play me but i still cannot play him.
the canadian uncle sasquatch : i won a lot of races
junaid shah : best bike game and good graphics
arman khan : it is a wonderful game please dl
naveed khan : wawo very nice i plyed it
armando ramirez : good game to keep you occupied when you're in a boring place
bharat pattni : awesome game. but not level up.
joseph cockerham : while racing mid game my decides to restart over and over done spent countless amount of money just to loose it due to the game restarting for no reason
tyler cummings : its awesome
steve shutt : awesome game. addicted for sure.
dustin last name : game is good but too difficult to earn cash and always places me against other racers with the next level bike so there is no way i can beat them to pass levels and get cash
rossembell mendez : the best game ever
abanoub a. fahmy gerges : its the most great game
trey larow : this is a fun game to play
jacque chandler : good for free game
giorgi tabidze : it does't work. it only shows one picture and does nothing. :((
michael adam : very fun game to unwind with after work but you have to be a god at this game to relly earn any coin way to hard to win races lags a lot
s.ahmed x : ohhhh....man when i was playing day after yesterday immediately my all money was gone....it was 76000....i don't know i want my money back......please look into the matter.....i will give 5 stars..
a google user : it's ok to have this game.
sam swain : it is very fun and very realistic
james durham : great racing game!!!
vanessa frattelli : i downloaded it and tried to start the game and it keeps putting me back at home screen
beniton fernando : the support care is very fast.. good job man..
powerg 1965 : won't load
ryan lee : i'm only writing this to get the extra coins...
ivelin ganev : the most anointing game i have ever played
nicola tisbury : always kickes me off game when i click on a map
b c : i migrated to another android device and my purchases did not extend over?
linz franklin : what does the prestige setting do for you, make you a better rider?
jamie and west : wkd game can't put it down!!
steven lilly : in couldn't play the game it would log me right out
hassan akbarzadeh : motorcycle is very expensive
jay c : way to much advertising
whitt byrom : wont connect with friends like it says it does
maria go as high as you can in the air : this game needs some team races
cakra mulya idm : its so a good game
bobby martinez : love the tracks
kruddi jimwadd : keepp up the good work
tushar gupta : wonderful game loved it
kyle jarrett : need to allow more points
jeremy whitlock : addictive.
uc thang ho : how can i race with my facebook friends????
paulo sergio paiva damasceno : i love this game
sebastianjosemanu perdont : best racing game
aidan : the best
mr snuffles : and addictive
matt johnson : it's alright
austin redhead : it's alright
stephen johnson : addictive
daniel newman : coolbeans
shawn swartz : great game
mark thomas : great game
khamisi__ : very addictive
mark hocking : cool
kevin pereira : addictive
tom : i very very very this game .
stephan rickli : thank you.
daniel butcher : ace game
austin pearson vlogs123 : it sucks
noah hale : worth the data
zach short : very fun game but the rate at which levels are unlocked is a bit of a pest. (must beat another players time in order to advance) i think that it should be 2 stars would unlock the next. or every 2 stars (ex lvl1 3* and lvl2 1* =4 so unlocks the next) also the currency is a bit outrageous for some of the other locations to play, even though with the daily play bonus it's doable.
jacob moses : i purchased coins so i could actually compete and when i select the newly purchased bike, the game crashes. its frustrating. update: update is garbage(and yes i have opened a ticket. you have never responded back). the game crashed every so often before the update but after the update, i haven't been able to play any track. game crashes while the tracks are loading. delete and find another!
#loudpak akers : i've liked the game since it first came out. four is pretty cool its different with racing added to it. it used to be just free play with better levels then i have seen so far in this one but i still give it a five its fun
allan hall : you need to sort the jumping out i can't even play it any more it keeps jumping never used to be like this would have give you 5 stars before but now i'm going to have to uninstal the app and i'm gutted love playing on this game and keeps slowing down my phone not good! i have also uninstalled it and download it again and still nothing!
darren bramley : don't mind paying for development, but sadly this game pushes you to pay for everything. spent the coins to buy the 2k bike, the ride height is so high it's practically unusable. support said it's meant to be that way, but they are working on making the courses work better with it. so i've spent real money on a bike that i can't use that is meant to be like that!? not good business practice if you ask me.
mike seiler : has been my favorite game since version 1, but it has turned to garbage lately. the network/server issues on their end was bearable, but the last update just ruined the game. the last update should have immediately been rolled back but they are just ignoring the flood of 1-star reviews and complaints like this one. it really just seems like they either don't play their own game, or at least don't test the updates very well before releasing them. if you're going to play it, definitely don't pay for anything. otherwise, you always chance being 1 update away from something that's unplayable.
luis medrano : i had to get rid of my gigabyte cox internet for financial reasons so i'm picky about what i download with my at&t data allotment. i saw a friend playing it and loved playing it on his galaxy s5. so i figured it would play as good if not better on my s6 edge, nope i was wrong... i wasted my data on a game that goes to the first screen with nothing on it and that's as far as it goes. i even let it sit for 15 mins as i messed around on my pc but still nothing happened. i won't be downloading this again ever.
cody carroll : i usually love these games but this one is bullshit. in game currency is designed to force you to pay for coins to play, you cannot progress without spending money. levels are way too hard and you earn little coin, clearly somebody has gotten greedy, what a disappointment
rj lowman : there's just a slight problem i hate that you can't earn more coins if you let's say you get 3 stars on a track you get the coins the first time but you can't earn them the second time you play it and now i can't buy the next tracks with coins so now i'm playing the same tracks over and over again please fix this
chris throckmorton : shouldn't have to win a race against an opponent to unlock more levels. would be better if you could just play the levels and race for more coins for fun.
mitchell light : somehow the other rider floats through air and obstacles and is almost impossible to get ahe ahead or even win, takes forever and c a lit of money to master the course the win against opponent! also a lot of lagging and so expensive to race and make more coinage
josh rampelburg : up until level 11 it has been good. now it won't allow me to move onto the next level. everytime i beat an opponent it says i win and gives me my coins however won't allow me to move on. says i need to beat an opponent to move on. and now says there is another way to move on by paying 4000 coins even tho i just beat an opponent multiple times...its already hard enough to earn coins for the game to not let you continue in levels without paying!!!
paperairplane 321 : i love this game. but sometimes you get stuck in the wood and stuff. but other than that its good. wish the coins were cheaper
kiera hunter : way to much lag. can't time the jumps right. play two levels and i'm now going to delete it because of the lag. i will not download it again.
owen ciarpella : you jump up ramps and it sends you backwards good job on the crappy game don't reccomend it don't install too many ads
amie gatlin : very boring and lags. plus everything is too expensive. the game play is uninteresting as you do the same thing, try to get most things. but it takes too long.
austin85 : since the update it goes to home screen with nothing on the screen. like a blank screen. nothing comes up even when i sit there and wait. game was awesome before update.
ryan estep : ads for free coins play only sound then phone locks up. i never get the free coins. has happened over 5 times in a row. galaxy s5
barry helfferich : after downloading the update, the game play is extremely choppy and you can't even play the game. re-download ed game and no better. had no problems on my galaxy s3 before update. do not download update!!!
gary h : the graphics are awesome and so is the game play. the only downfall to the game is you have to get every single star to unlock the next stage.
freepeople : an amazing fun game but the problem is all my friends don't pop on my duel screen so i can't race them. please please fix
max perhach : i love the game but the fact that you need to face opponents to unlock more levels is really lame. therefore 1 star because that's the worst thing ever.
hunter methot : new update sucks. if it wouldn't freeze and glitch so much it would me a five star
jose alcerreca : it's hard to dismiss the ads even if you click on the x. great game though.
andrew brown : no option in settings to turn off or even mute notifications. thanks for waking me up at 4:30am on a monday ya jerks!
jessica brass : it worked before the update and i would have rated it five stars. but now it won't even load the game. i will change my rating when it starts working again.
zack christian : update sucked. lags all the time and interrupts your gaming. use to like this game but not now, deleted.
shaun ratliff : thiland lvl 9. i've beaten an opponent 3 times but won't give me the 3rd star or unlock the next round. it pays me for beating the opponent but doesn't give the star! dev you need to fix this.
victor handerson : the first one had low quality graphics but now it very improved!!!
eric noney : just like many others, game play was fine before, and now laggy as all hell after the update. makes it virtually impossible to time jumps correctly now....absolute misery to try to play.
brandon erasmus : don't waste your time no more needs to be said
nathan johnstone : i absolutely love this game! it's extremely hard and witch is good as i love a challenge! make another! but i can't get the last 3 levels can you help me please
ali chamseddine : the game is great and very addictive, the only problem i'm having is being able to. play against friends, i can't find them in the friends list. although they have the game installed, is this going to be fixed soon?
zaza : i love trial xtreme 3 but this is peace of crap... won't even start on my asus
adam romeril : every time you get close to winning the glitches and you crash out would be a good game otherwise disappointed
daniel balmforth : the game is lagging so bad its not playable anymore
l.b. green : since the last update, there is no lighting on rider and bike, so they are a shadow...developers, please fix this asap
saud qureshi : i need yourattention on the topic deemedya after i updated it to the latest version it doesn't work the game stops after showing the trial xtreme 4 image fix this as soon as possible
jason de'ath : this game sucks, controls suck, task suck, and it's to easy to crash.. game sucks its 2 difficult to control the rider.
josh king : lots of fun but wouldnt let me collect day 5 bonus cash.:(
bryan bailey : i saw a friend playing and thought it would be fun. i downloaded it and it'll go to the first screen and then it closes it
charles william : use to be great but is vary leggy and can't even play it ...please fix
bradley simmons : i'm uninstalling the game it won't open at all gets to the first page and shuts down sucks
latha manjari : only show off by graphics on app store
sparky f : giving it one star because i hate the fact i have to play online to progress... i hate that! so uninstalled. but good if you like that sort of thing!
jason rhodes : unless you pay money for this game..its not worth it...getting coins is next to impossible...
micky mcadam : there's not enough ways to gain coins when you haven't got enough coin to do raves
william tyler shafer : used to play trials on xbox. just as amazing of an experience as when i play it on console! keep up the good work
youness hysteri : before update was fantastic now can't finish a single game as there are lot of ads
mandell white : the way u can do tricks is amazing. just like real life
dirtbikecrashmaster : need more way to get gold. but love it over all
cody. donahu : it's a pretty good game if your into that stuff which i am... so it's pretty fun to me. but i'm more into endure... it's all good though.
ramdhani chaoz : amazing, i need to try every stage for become to bthe best
rican ghost525 : great game but doesn't want to give me the money i purchased
cassandra lutz : can't play with my friends
dominic aka domthebomb : it freaking sucks. worst app ive ever had. levels are impossible and it cost coins to race against people!!! what a freaking ripoff!!!!
jose saucedo : needs more ways to make coins and it's very sketchy
dmac m. : it's a fun game, and yes, it's hard but not impossible.
steven lourens : good games levels vary with difficulty
marnuel pucay : because when u play it it quits
a google user : loved the game so addictive play it 247
ethan zenteno : its fun but iys so easy to die
everest tv : nice game but the something shown online should be showed offline
francisco islas : make a button to were u jump off of the bike and make a map for freestyle and ragdoll stunts
sankili praveen : superb and pllllz we want trial extreme 5 plz this is our fans requests
ral rose : i want you to add an offline local wifi lan multiplayer mode. thanks
arif khan : it almost take 10 mins to start the game..........plz maintain ur server or just stop sendin updates
tyler plivelich : highly addictive. i highly recommend it!
kamal dewal : plese guys dont ever download this game.this is the worst game ever
jeremy kennel : the best make a #5 please
willie lynched : it's fun to play with the right phone.
matthew bye : ads are to be expected. gameplay okay.
cristy thomas : there is nothing i would change about this app.
sudheesh kolakkattapoyil : it's awesome with great online challenge
c h : keeps me busy for hours
nidhi gusai : the game i love the most
the_stormz : yoou guys are stupid this game downloads and is fine idiots yall make a game an d i say yuck hated it then you feel bad and cry lile babies
lloyd hayward : so addictive tho
matt stackwood : hard but worth it
kevin day : love this game
te ratapu mehana : dirtbkes are cool
ben riley : it's addictive
david tailford : cant play friends on facebook plz fix
qmurphy412 : it reminded me of the triles extreme from the xbox live arcade
sonney troakes : im earning money and it isnt giving it to me what am i suppose to do!
varun suryavanshi : totally unrealistic!
chris cook : i play for hours....love this game!!!
a vanitha : a wonderfull.... stunts can do by this game n can learn stunts
mandy raynor : it is really laggy
tim maidment : can you please create some more levels to give us something more to play for?
adam j : hours of fun!
travis cantrell : i don't want to be forced to play against other people or compete. let me complete the level and move on.
julissa gonzalez : hate it is so boring
suw a zan : it is the awesome game i have ever played..........
josh james : im addicted to this game
deadpool x : it won't let me open this app, i'm about to uninstall
spock monster99 : too hard to get money to race others
jonny morales : cool and great yeah
darryl thomas : great stuff.
nick beadles : 3 was way better
philip shaffer : great graphics
draco_891 kk : awesome game love it
david dodds : great addictive game
brice labaume : its really fun
nick wilson : great game
brad santmyer : it a lil hard
chris elliott : i did love the #3 version but this #4 is even more fun and realistic. i spent years racing mx and this game actually feels like i am back on my bike again. the way you work your body and throttle is so much more real than the last version. i thing i did not like is how much thing cost in the game. thank you to who made this game.
john charde : so many parts of this game are horribly designed. conveyor belts that are supposed to shoot you forward are glitch as all hell. so are the fans. and the levels are so tight that 75% of the time, you hit your head on other parts of the ramps.
william chastain : it lies. the physics are total bullshit and i hate it. ads pop up in the middle of the game so you have to lose in order to close it. you eventually have to pay real money.
brandon bogard : when the people don't respond in 24 hours you lose the money you bet instead of winning it like you should
jonathon davis : got this game ten minutes ago, tried to load it up ten times, crashed every time,fix please
susheel singh : but there is a problem, i need some money to start this game please help me deemedya,plz heeeellllppp
zack kerzner : after like the first freaking level, it gets super hard. i purchased 20,000 coins, and went to go upgrade my engine 1 tier! when it pressed up grade, the screen went black, and when it came back, my coins were gone and my engine upgraded all the way. now i'm way to powerful for the first few levels and i just crash all the time. terrible game. fix the problems and i'll like it better
nicholas armstrong : most unrealistic physics and the levels aren't fun at all. just a bunch of stop go lean maneuvers.
joshua hopkins : these graphics in the game worse than trail extreme 3 looks like i'm going to go back to trails extreme 3
erik lien : you can do everything exactly the same for a single track and sometimes you'll get first and sometimes you won't even be able to finish. way to much inconsistency.
jordan nah : randomly i'll go through the freaking boards. good customization but no good ways to make money unless you pay to play it. issue with landing he falls off the bike.
paul phillips : really great game but ads put in during transitions are noisy and easy to fat finger when trying to dismiss.
nick wear : would give 5 stars if was able to advance further in stages. coins are very slow to obtain.
calvin mooney : you will have to spend money eventually and everything is really overpriced.
chance roberts : crashed every single attempt. didn't get to play once. don't waste you're time. absolutely no reliability.
warm_item_for_discussion : i hate it it sucks worst graphics i've ever saw
robbie 437 : its a cool game and but it would be nice if i played it on the xbox 360 controller and i have a xbox 360 controller and for trials 4 it different and the same and uselly i would play the xbox 369 evreyday and i play my netgreen tablet it is a netgreen tablet so i hope you have fun on this game and few more things i would like you but i wish you came to my house to play trials 4 with me and minecraft but also i would even score over 10000 points and also i play the mutiplayer mode on trials 4 with me so i got to go now but one last thing on trials 4 you have the careful of yourself on the spikes so now you should know how to play trials 4 the game so i hope you enjoy and good bye oh wait forgot something i hope you got your new pgrdes and goodbye and seeya bedtime
nick shaw : you have to buy credits to play harder levels or upgrade the bike and it is very expesive 100 for the top amount of credits. way to much. should be a few pounds at the most
clint levorson : i like that it does not lag. and the challenges.
andrew rivera : awesome game graphics are so realistic except when body parts glich into the woodboards
techmo : i just installed the app and i'm having fun with it. but i noticed on my dirt bike guy, he has no body. it's invisable. it's kinda weird. any way, the game is very fun.
david b : physics are still pretty buggy but the graphics have improved since old versions.
mix mike : trials 3 is better! add some stars and make cash and points a bit easier.
s k : can't advance next level
kenneth beckford : amazing graphics, and very realistic.
jhovany molina : i just started playing and my torso is missing. it's pretty hilarious. i feel like i'm playing rayman.
andy perkins : costs way too much to advance
matt d : server has issues but fun game overall
todd mcgaha ii : very amusing
michael paredes : needs better courses it's a good game
amit barua : very good games for android devices.
alter stormzy : it's a good game hard tp getoney
sahil sharma : there should be star or money in offline game like extreme 3 so we can unlock level with the help of money or star then i will give 5 star
the wasp : best motocross out there
abhi patel : i can see drivers legs,helmet,and gloves. except these the driver is missing!!!.
hadden whitson : i love it i'm sure u will to
angel gonzalez : its a good game to play
tammy wilson : wish i could get coins easier
aaron boyd : good lil crapper game
cody helton : great game.. love it i'm addicted to it..
a google user : better than x3
mark musui : otherwise it's a good game
piyush jaiswal : whenever i'm starting this game its showing the poster of tx4
the boss : no shirt. lol fix bugs.
greg ward : loved it !!! loved it !!! loved it !!!
jimmy cleveland : suck dont work
joushua foreman : its a good game
cody beckman : boring...
adrian robison : i have more friends playing this game but i can't find them to challenge them. what do i need to do?
saravana v : it is an awesome game
adam holmquist : awesome game try it
al pacino : than tr3
cole henning : to much bs
jimmie allen : great game
nitro alan : addictive
jarod storey : great one
daniel gentry : great game
frank johnson iii : half of the body was invisible and y do u need the internet to play?...other then that an ok game....just needs some repairs
lifevac europe limted : i purchased 35k coins, i got charged from google play but they didn't come through on the game so had to make an additional purchase of the same that did come through. so now i'm missing 35k coins that i paid for.
clarence thomas : whip
j rod cureton : i've been playing for weeks and trying to earn enough money to open more levels! 100k and up and i'm only making a couple thousand per race. doing the tournaments isn't much help either bc i don't have enough money to race them over and over like most of the people who are winning them. you'd think the levels would be unlocked by now, i'm just over playing the exact same thing.
paul gatcum : this game was very very nearly the best android game id ever played, right up until i got to level 16 on thailand, there is a massive bug/glitch which causes the entire game to abort. all other levels were fantastic & truly justified a 5, rating, & i was excited & addicted to this game, & then the biggest blow ever in gaming was going from cant put it down, to cant play it... not only does my device revert straight to my home screen as soon as i try to enter level 16, but the cost in coins are deducted too
max roman : this game is amazingly addictive, so much so i actually paid $10 to remove ads and buy a new bike! one major issue, is the fact that it really trys to get you to pay money all the time. its pretty annoying, but besides that it's fun.
darren knight : the game is the best i've ever played however i can't understand how even on the easiest levels everyone in the tournament in the top ten are around 10 seconds faster than me no matter how hard i try i can not get any where near there time i feel there is a lot of cheating going on i'm not saying i'm the best but i would understand if the difference was 1 or 2 seconds not 10 or 12 seconds difference
colby narramore : how can you, in good faith, charge money to play this game if it does not work properly? about 70% of the time i take coins to play a tournament and the game stalls, hangs or crashes and i lose the coins. i have lost 10's of thousands and i only play a few times a week. ridiculously frustrating. un-installed. yes i have a good connection, no it's not my internet. it's either your cheap servers are hanging/timing out, or glitches in your code. even worse: a fix does not seem to be on the horizion.
sanjeev goyal : so, the developer wanna offer in-game purchases with throwing lots of ads at your face. the game gets automatically paused when you're in between a race & to do what!! answer: watch this f**king ad. worst game ever due to ads in every step, after every race or thing you do and sometimes in-between races.
matt petree : i used to love this game. kept playing it all the time even though i can't unlock anymore, but the glitches in the tracks happen way too often anymore and it's taking longer and longer for it to load them for a race...no delays in loading the increasingly longer ads though. love the game but the glitches and promos are burning me out.
calan olson : i got every star hoping it would unlock construction. nothing. i have no way of earning more money except by checking in every day and hoping to win a tournament or duel. only i have to pay to restart, once im in i should get more than one try. but no matter, i can't play anymore levels so im done, theres more levels, but you've made it impossible to get them without paying. fix it, ill come back and even give a better rating.
link donfield : i came here hoping to finally find the game that truly allows me to experience the greatest joy to be had about motor sports - serious injury. but alas, this game fails to even simulate the profound existancial terror of performing stupid tricks on the most dangerous mainstream motor vehicle - much less the deep throbbing pain, month long comas, and permanent, disfiguring injuries. i long for the day when i may embrace a game which provides an accurate simulation of the pains of dangerous sports.
mark luna : works okay and all but as somebody mentioned it can get you mad really quick if you aren't too patient. i can't pass the fifth level to save my life so i just had to stop playing.
justin odom : decent game, except you put those of us who aren't very good against professionals, that's illogical. second you make us "win the race" against those professionals and make us pay $2,100 credits to race them, now if the last engine upgrade is 9,500 credits and you make me pay 2,100 to race then i can't buy my upgrade because i lost so i can't be faster because i lost. kinda bullshit ain't it?
scott paterson : how on the tournaments do the people winning get such good times i'm good at this game but how could i ever win my bike is maxed out and i play the free for all and am still 20 seconds behind the winner. there is no way the levels can be done that quickly unless i'm missing something.................. also why is the free for all tournament changed to every three hours it's imposible to earn money on it
josh grant : i love this game, but for some reason, sometimes when it goes to the motorcycles spinning loading screen, it gets stuck and won't go anywhere. so i have to close out, force close the app and reload the game. sometimes this even happens after races and i don't get my winnings and i have to either redo it after closing and reloading the game, or i lose the chance at my money all together. i've lost over 100,000 in game cash to buy or upgrade. not to mention how losing cash in tournaments works with time...
jamie grant : used to get way more winnings until a month or so ago. now it takes forever to get any. even when you use your winnings to enter a race, unless you get top 50, it's not worth racing. you lose more than what it costs to enter.
brian chartte : i dont understand how the more games you make the worse they get you guys ever hear of quality control these levels are so outrageous glitchy my tires are always gettjng stuck jn some object in a level an you would clearly tell if you guys cared about the quality of the product if yoi played it an racing an actual person to unlock a new level is stupid.
chris satterfield : i pay for the ads to come off the game due to them being excessive. then the game goes black. all the interactive parts of the map are blacked out. spoke to admin and they said they are working on it. weeks later i tell admin i want my money back and no reply. admin give me my money back or fix if you want rating to change. i will be putting in a complaint to google if not done within 3 days of this post.
a google user : overall, the game plays smoothly. i've always loved trials games but this game could really use some evening out. character customization and bike customization is cool, but everything is priced so rediculously high you have to spend real money to get in-game credits to even buy/unlock anything. the main thing i dislike is you can't unlock more levels by beating them, you have to race others to even advance to other tracks. and don't forget, the map packs are rediculously expensive too.
micheal franklin : rare reviewer. i tend to be long winded yet this game prompts me. so close devs. it is painfully close to upper shelf. however the flaws are coming close to fatal. 1. to many force close issues between updates. 2. i realize that work time is effort. finally evolved from free play only to steady play to pay and realize it is necessary to evolve the game. that said your rates are ubsurd. i openly scald anyone who has purchased. we are talking at least 300% to near reality. 3. failure to record tournament runs. unacceptable that it happens so often. i as do many set out to achieve those kick buttt passes that you are relying on us to keep coming back for. nearing the point of uninstall. so guys you are sooo close. i am not even going to whine about adding anything. i hope that you succeed in building momentum.
hunter rowell : what an awesome game. i have played all the trial games since they first came out. this is the first one for my mobile device that i just can't put down. keep up the great work! tha ks for your help in resolving my problems. best customer support for a android game every!
devin flynn : i love the app but you really need to fix the the touch response for the buttons for the sony xperia z3v. very often i press the the gas and the back arrow at the same time like you should be able to; the controls justleft off i take my finger off the back arrow and gas and press the gas several times with out touching anything else the controls refuse to work. this is very frustrating when having to spend money to race, if you could fix, it would be greatly appreciated.
zephan sturgill : it's a great game just like the "trials" series on console or pc, lots of
challenging levels and people to race online. the only downfall is the pay
to play aspect. you can practice all the levels for free but in order to
unlock new levels past the first few or level up your bike or anything like
that you must pay coins. now they do give you a fair amount of coins daily
if you remember to login every day, but if you really want to play the full
game in less than a couple months time you're gonna have to spend some
money. however, i honestly think this is one game worth spending some money
on and remember it starts out free and you could technically play it all
for free given enough daily logins or race wins. the game itself gets a 5/5
for me, but i gave a 4/5 simply for the platform the game is on, which must
be taken into account. great job overall tho!
kevin webb : but the physics are atrocious and the game is specifically code to raise times. bike doesn't perform the same from section to section by design. i'm ok with difficult but these devs don't want you to advance, even if you pay for items.
zach havansek : would be nice if you could sell a bike when you get a new one. races/duels should be live time. no waiting 24hrs. i like the fact that upgrades are instantly! unlike some games make you wait a ridiculous amount of time. would also be cool if you could have teams/crews to join. a global chat would be nice as well.... the staff responds within a reasonable time if you have any issues. i like that. if you guys added a few more things i would definitely give a 5 star!!
ashton carlisle : the ad keeps popping up mid race, and will not allow me to close it back down. popped up during a 20k tournament and wouldn't let me finish the race. awful, just awful.. don't use pop up ads.
ivo vegter : i loved tx3 and i love that tx4 is much harder, but i don't like getting matched against bigger/faster bikes in races and duels. that makes it impossible to earn enough gold to unlock new levels or buy a better bike of your own. you get stuck with no way out other than stumping up real money.
prof. hoover : ok first off this game could be better the tilting could be fixed and the character models sorry but like what're thoooose what's up with his feet and some of the levels could've been better and don't ask me to email you guys, the third one had more work put into it this is just sorry i know it takes a lot to make a game but more effort could've been put into it. (not trying to be rude)
craig ashworth : the app has started pausing too often and will stay like this for several days, the current pause will cost me $200,000 in duals that won't be completed in time.
kenny roberts : not only does this game almost require perfection w/ its dynamics, it also needs perfecting. with a camera to closely zoomed in to where you can't see anything but your horribly designed character. this causes a problem when you need to see your surroundings. this also makes it nearly impossible for 2 starts let alone 3, which is to race a real player. every player i have been matched with is a pro at the level, loosing thousands of in game dollars when focus is on upgrading your bike..but with what money?
faded sinner : love the increase in challenge the further you go in the game. doesn't feel mundane and boring. could use an easier way to make money aside from the tournaments. feels like that's the only way to make good money and that's not always what people wanna do.
sean dillon : i love this game. i found a serious glitch to exploit to win $$ fast!! hope you can too. it was fun before but even better now. game developers you can contact me if you want to know about it, it involves free restarts.
julien c : i would give this five stars if the buttons for gas and tilt didn't stop working randomly throughout the game. it's infuriating
ddgzombie 76 : i downloaded it and went to play it and it doesn't even start up the game and then it says out of nowhere "unfortunately, trial xtreme 4 has stopped" please fix ive played the others and they were fun i really want to play this one.
daniel jones : the loading screens hang half the time with a result of nothing happening and requiring me to restart the game completely.....and i quite literally mean this happens every other turn.
nick : the constant loading keeps freezing everytime and i have to restart the game just to do a couple more races to do it all again. will give a higher rating if this is fixed
jason hardie : great game to play until you get higher up then it takes longer then it is worth to get ahead.
richard hickson : can't seem to find my friends to challenge. logged into google and facebook and still no joy. would be 5 stars with a search feature.
matt leonard : figured out that if u get a app, that stops running apps, you can restart your duel with out it penalizing your money..(has to be during race)
aseem kumar : there are no stunts to perform other than a flip.. and a time pass game only to clear some boring levels..
brenton beddow : what i presume to be ads are causing very long load times and is using up alot of my data. uninstalled. and no i won't contact your support team.
samantha strafford : great game. very tough to learn courses,but only because they are so freaking great. one of my top 3.
ricc woody : i can't even get it in to play. fix it and maybe i'll be back. if you want me back it better be worth my time
manny verduzco : games amazing , addicting, and fun overall, but theres one issue that bugs me. when youre racing in a tournament, why is there a ghost that you're racing? you're competing with everyone around the world playing not just that 1 person. the extra rider makes it confusing sometimes to tell who's who and seems to slow the game down a bit. just take it out.
alex rassiga : i absolutely love the game...but there are a few glitches and they poss me off. i spent 100k in coins on a race and i got stuck upside down in a wood plank that my front wheel went halfway into?? very very frustrating cause i spent all those coins on that one race..
adam reveles : it's fun and all but maybe make money everytime u complete a level takes forever to get stacked up
kevin kresge : game is challenging and can be fun, however the near constant communication failures are ridiculous. nothing like error messages during races for no reason, or constant "communicating" messages that never clear.
j m : i did rate you 5 stars. this game freezes every chance i get to play. fix the bug and i'll rate high agin.
mark c : i used to play tx3 (paid-for version) as a time killer when i had 15 minutes to spare. this meant i wasn't interested in competing against other people, more just having fun with all the courses, seeing if i could backflip off the smaller jumps etc etc. the fact that i now have to use in-game cash to enter to beat opponent times to unlock levels, many of these opponents having near-perfect runs, takes the fun element out of the game for me. disappointed since i spent hours on tx3.
john parker : nice game but each time i get ads i can't get rid of them. each time i press x it busts goes to the app store.
war mongruel : dont know if it's the ads or just the fact the game hates me but....i have to relaunch the game after every race. my time doesn't register on duels and my game just keeps "loading"....i suspect ads because when i press home and keep the game open i go back to it and an ad pops up. really needs to be fixed!!!!!
brandon roach : good game. think its stupid that you have to buy levels after the first two. would rate higher if that got fixed.
ayevincino : pretty fun game when it wanted to work 10% of the time i try to play it. freeze loading up, freeze at the menus, freeze on the tournaments loading screen, freeze on the race loading screen, freeze on the restart button from the race menus. cmon yo.
andre s. : been playing game for awhile now. and just recently played today and now i can play every time i open the game it says unknown error and can't play. i have restarted my phone but nothing.
cdc285 : when i first started playing, i had no problems. but since yall have been doing updates the game keeps crashing. and bunches of glitches.
luis marrero : is the best trial yet oh and please it still needs a lil fixing when playing online it sometimes kick me straight out of the game fix please but the best trial yet
george brown : can't open in app purchase to buy coins it just shows 3 bikes going round in a circle and never loads
ian wilton : great game...my advise is to not go crazy with purchases to max your kit out. get a good set up with your bike and save to unlock next levels. great graphics and so far i have not experienced any of the said glitches or problems which others have encountered.
jake gray : game is ok just costs way to much and way to hard to get new levels and bikes. frustrating and makes it not worth playing.
jay taylor : bike won't always ride the center of the track causing you to automatically lose the race, due to not being able to run it. i've lost 100k in coins due to this
cody baars : won't even load just kicks me back to home screen what a waste of space would rate a 0 if possible
craig : fun at first then process gets extremely slow if you do not put money into the game. we're not talking about but 5 bucks we're talking 50 or so... a little excessive for such a simple game
david marinelli : ok game glitches a lot and racers are not fair competitors. ( seems like some cheatin going on)
vysakh mohanan : trial xtreme 3 was better than this... this game is having many glitches in different stages..
tom mcdevitte : this game has good potential as the graphics are good and gameplay is good quality but im only about 7 levels in and finding some of the levels impossible !! its such a hard game that im struggling to enjoy it. its also ridiculous the amount you earn per race compared to how much upgrades are so its basically pointless
zach oswaldo : if you had like a kid setting to put it where you couldn't wreck as easy. like a kid mode. i'd pay for that
mark capewell : great game but it costs way to much for bike to progress any further. it a ripoff
luke sky : the game is ok. but i have a problem, when i open my radio and open the game, the game forces the radio to turn off. its pretty annoying. also change the rate the players earn money, because 120 thousand for a level is insane. otherwise game is regular.
logan cox : i can't put this game down. its my go to whenever i have down time.
ken thurmond : this game could be so much better, i'm uninstalling due to lack of interest, in my opinion, if you complete a level, that should unlock the next level, there's no fun in this game for me trying to bet the ai, if i get 1 star, then let me progress to the next track.
nodis respect : i can say it's not that easy which adds to the fun. not bad graphics either.
my name : its fun at first. gets boring after a while. some levels are aggravating. uninstalled out of boredom and annoyance. hope to see the next in the series soon
bryan tan : it'd be a 5* if you don't make the game so frustrating. i download games to make me happy, not angry. if you wanna say that the harder the game is, the better a players skill will be. if i wanna sharpen my riding skills, i'd do it on a bike. make the game fun, not ridiculously stupid.
jitesh mehta : game is gud but it's not unlocking the all level it want internet then also not unlock any level
matthew hunter : i just downloaded and this game could be great except it keeps freezing.... needs bug fixes.
rabbitplays media : so i was playing then the game asked how i would do against other players then bam i'm on a playstore pop up telling to spend 1.00 on coins that's not acceptable it did this without warning from game to that that's fd up man
donald davis : level 17 on depot it been glitching the bike is right of center on the small board and pipes causing the bike to fall or go slow have screen shots to share if necessary fix please otherwise been a lot of fun to play.
jake covill : keeps crashing when loading on anything i do. have to close the app and start again
james brown : great game :d would say its one of the best on here seems to work great no bugs so far
jaron miller : mann y'all better update this game because it don't work it just freez up
leroy kasa-vubu : for some reason it's laging it just doesn't want me to play the game and when ever i open the app it goes back to the home screen.
zer0presince : great game... only thing that would make it better is if it worked with killjoy to get free coins.
sandeep bhuvan : whenever i open the game it shows its loading , then connecting and shows loading symbol and repeats from the start please fix as soon as possible.
jitesh gonnade : nice game. but next level didn't unlock easily. for that you have to bet online. if you fail than you loose money. that's very trouble
devonte burnette : it won't let me play when y'all fix it y'all can get a 5 star it keep saying something went wrong and i was playing earlier so please fix
brian johnson : it wouldn't connect me to game so i played with my penis instead.
chris drew : continually game freezes and got gipped 100k in chips from "sponsorship" which was achieved but never recieved.
bradley carr : crashing on forth thailand level fix that and game is good. lazy devs.
wishiniwasfishin81 : matchmaking is slow for me. tried it on my phone signal and wifi ,still slow or doesn't work. gotta close app and retry. fun when it works though. would not recommend spending any of your real money on it.
nima k.aminabadi : it has so many graphic problems and it makes the bike to get stuck at weirdest places,
brian helm : everytime i try to open up the app it says "sorry something went wrong. code: unknown"
knm krixus : entry costs out weigh winnings, accel button doesnt work properly ingame. dont bother replying back to this message with please email us back message.
jarod branstetter : great but gets hung up often, even on wifi.
garrett burling : i can't get past the loading screen anymore on my s5.
ashish tiwari : when i updated it then when i started the game it shows connecting and then crashes don't waste ur time installing it
robert fritz : it's a good game if you want to kill some time. you just have to be patient
xbeatsz def : it's slow and it keeps crashing making it hard for me to play properly. i thought it was space issues but it is not coz i cleaned out my phone but it still gives me the same problem.
jawad alkhalaf : good but slow with making money. some people i think hack it somehow. it took me around 3 months to get me a good bike that i can win a race with. more levels need to be added!!
patrick akers : wheels stuck in the ground. i can't use the next level bike in free tournaments but others can. you guys are bias to people with more coins in the game and people that spend real money on it. it's not even fair for the free players
ben jordan : it won't stop crashing on the loading screens other than that reely good
ain azman : it always say "has stop" and i hate that words
chamfam : i think it's bullsh!t that i have to race random people to move on in levels. i'd rather just race through the obsticles on my own thanks. way to ruin the game. well i'm just gunna delete it!
casley holland : it is a great app but recently won't load up to let me play
josh m : the game is super fun i can spend hours playing it. but now ever time i try to open it. it says error unknown , can someone please tell me what's wrong with it.
lake : as soon as i agreed to the stuff it kicked me out
joseph amos : lost a bunch of coins due to gams freezing, deemedia reimbursed me for the coins, now just entered a 100,000 tournament, it took my money, then the game froze up. upon reentering, money was gone and not able to play tournament. happens way to often. i wish these issues weren't happening, because it is a great game.
matthew jones : just downloaded and cannot play. something about a login error and yes i emailed you.
lane nall : wind bike fully upgraded and people are still beating me. on the straight away there going da da da passing me what the f*** were my boost give us the other tracks for free
robert jetter : if your bike is maxed out how is it possible to lose so poorly against an opponent that may have the exact same maxed out bike.
don houston : after an update my screen is now dark and i can't see the ramps
aj lighthizer : this game is terrible! the server is always down for maintenance! i never get to play online
ikaika brown : idk how all these other people get like 20 seconds in tournaments and i cant. im pretty good at this game but i think its full of fakeness and cheaters! fix it man...
josh blount : this game sucks. you shouldn't have to use internet just to unlock new levels. it should be star based like trials 3. fix this please and i'll rate 5 stars
syam s : when i open it, for one hour it is displaying that connecting. trial xtreme 3 is better.
tiarra taylor : level 3 won't work every time i turn it on it shuts off
romy rico dagnaos : its so hard you have to keep playing again and again so you can upgrade one thing only please increase the giving rewards then i'll give this app a 5 star
padmasinh shinde : i just love dis game and play alot on daily basis
akshat madhogaria : good but the problem is it has to be played online as offline no features are working properly as we cant change setting
tobin bernier : its been a long "dirt road" i've loved these games sense i first played them on xbox !
logan machalec : every time i play has error come up server down for maintenance. it's every time i play i play daily. game freezes doesn't log wins, or place in tournament, constantly loosing money. mid course game will freeze and cause to loose race. game sucks update minor bug fixes only got worse.
gary dutton : freezes up all the time on download screen seems to be getting worse
chris slickster : when i click on the app it loads then it says and error occured (unknown)
aryaman -_- : would hav given it 5 stars but all lvls r really hard to unlock..so
mackenzie csaszar : good game to pickup for a couple here and there. plenty of content.
kevin stevens : slow to build money but just about retaining interest in playing
scott o'prey : haven't got that far on it yet but great game so far.
jim grant : gutted! been playing the game everyday so i can get the daily bonus to help with playing against other players! and havent recieved the last days bonus!!
john welsh : you either have to play for years to get enough money to unlock all the levels or pay 32.99 for the coins to unlock the levels. why don't you have a 1 off fee for the game rather than try to rip people off?
cody : game is great has its normal bugs and glitches... but i just spent 9.99 for 85,000 coins and didn't get a single one.... help please thanks
henz l. washington : highly recommended! this is a game that you can't just play once. this will make you lose track of time. but worth every minute!
ajay verma : bcos there is no setting menu for game no back bottons very embersing
jeffrey purse : everytime i try to update the game it crashes my phone and wipes the game off my phone
billy vyers : suck worst game ever don't waste your time
jasminetea : will it be hard for me because i have a broken arm
chris martin : would rate it 5 stars but game lags at time.
david marquez : i'm 46 yrs.old and my 6yr. old got me addicted to this game! love it.
crazy dave : if i can't play this game take it off makes me so mad it was 5 stars now just 1 till you fix it
cheesecake 115 : i feel like u guys focused on the graphics more than the actuall games like you let a 2 year create the levels imean in thailand you have to jump from a ramp onto a boat with another ramp and get it perfectly imean really guys?the levels need to be better and look like theyre not made by a 2 year old
harrison wichinski : you should be able to select the different level of body upgrade once they are bought.
jordan cossman : when i go up a bump i die what the heck
chris swan : way to hard to get points. and cost way to much to buy points
samuel hauck : this app crashes so much that you might get in a race or two per startup the only reason i didn't rate it one star is because of content
william myers : there is a connection problem. not happy with this. like the game, wish i could play...
darren james : love the game but bought 2 lots of extra credits 1 at 3.19 and 1 at 6.35 and they havent turned up... rediculous...
leo melo : it needs an internet connection..i know it has offline practice mode but it sux!!i cant costumize my character and the graphic optimization is bad please..make it better..just like its prodecesor..
themedden christian : it constantly crashes, can't even play it.
john nicholas : awesome game offline is when is only works
dan woodward : this used to be a great game but now the money you win from tournaments has been so greatly reduced its a complete grind to get anywhere unless you pay. poor show
arnab goswami : can't see anything. its half black mix.
gavin ballard : my two brothers got it and also thinks its awesome
joshuah packer : it was great at first ! then it won't let me connect to the game. it's saying my internet is down... please fix !
johnathan chappell : it's really hard tho
joe koch : fun game.....wish it didn't take so long to gain $$ so you could afford better bikes faster.
seneca ware : it fun but hate all the ads after race
phalance b : would be t but cant take back an accidental upgrade
kolbe sykes : i made a purchase of coins and never received them. i will change my rating once i get them
dilbag110 singh : what you do with me it is showing that error and code unknow
kaden : a lot of glitches that need to be fixed though
kevin braziel : this games is a blast. i'm always 100% honest so ready for it.... ok up front if you want to make it far fast, you will have to spend.about. $40 bones altogether. how ever after that it opens up, and my friends hrs pass, days fly and the wife bith$ because you won't get off the phone for what's it called ahh yes.... "quality time" lol .... reason 4 stars not 5 is something's do cost.to much. i.e. clothing etc. there you have it. enjoy !!! ~ archangel ~
mackenzie montague : it's entertaining and fun i would recommend if you like dirt bikes
david klein : game won't load. or crashes at the opening screen. going back to version 3...
tejas kulkarni : when i delete it and again download it why i will get my old game back.....i don't want this to happen
brad burbank : i open the game, and just get an eternal 3 bikes spinning, and "connecting..."
andre schoeman : in the game on the first game area i got 60stars but the second area does not want to open. im really loving the game this far but im willing to play longer and i am not able to pay ?
alex batts : fun and addicting game. no issues on the s6 edge +
luqman aziz : this game is not running...after some loading game closed....there is a loading of connecting after which game closed ...please suggest me to solve this issue... game is not running with or without wifi..
david howell : looks like a good game but can not control volume in game no main menu.
jonny coulson : it's not that easy.
nicholas abril : i can't play with it loading all the time
anthony webb : great game keeps getting me in trouble with the wife lol.
andrew brooks : good game with online play and alot of options
the coldest ramen : really fun game if you enjoyed any of the trials titles
revolta : i purchase some coins, it loading... i hate this game
brandon stone : this game is cool and fun to play i recommend this mobile game to everybody
shivaji dhumale : i want to give this game 0 star
midorii izuku : i have installed the above rom after days of research but i cannot play because the game crashes
pravin raykar : i loved this game. i haven't leaved this game.
shelby dennison : but it glitches a lot on level 17
norman b : have to wait to long for coins
joshua nielsen : awesome fun sex sweaty vagina anal penetration
vance saario : this game is so fun i like to duel people i would recomond this gamd for everyond
dakota jackson : it's a really cool game just as very little ads
gunmetal studio : unknown error. can't log in today
kobi harper : its isnt bad wish it was easier to gain money
c r : reminds me of excite bike in nes quite nostalgic
sergio segovia : easier money though or at least more ways of earning it
zambie king : this game is a good all for the people who like to play with motorcycles on your phone
adam moudden : love it but haveing lots of problens can any one help
nick standingwater : little hard at first but then it gets easier
moz afzal : i thought the newer version of the game the better it gets but this version no.4 is so annoying there's no controls to turn off the rubbish music it's very annoying and there's no exits. button for the app it doesn't close you have to force close the app. uuuuuuh i stick whither extreme trail 3 . :-)
jorge armendariz : i love it .. thank you guys
antonio preston : great game a good graffics although i the charter spun a lil faster would be awsome
zackery cooper : i kept loosing money some how bc every time i got off the game in got back on my money was gone. plus my name keeps changing and i can't do the races cause someone is doing them for me!!!!!
xxsticker bombxx : not enough single player rounds tho
jobanee leon : this game was horrible,nothing good about it! i tried 1 level and i was robbed! all my money was stolen! i'm done with this game (bottom line don't download
reyshawn turner : you get lot of coins and stuff.its really fun.
diana r : lags the whole time.
micheal cannata : i can't even play the game. it stays stuck on connecting and never proceeds. am i the only one?
pipsta : please make a console game it would go viral!
joey d : awsome game best bike game o have played yet good work keep it up
cj commodore : i like your game is the best i ever played
muhammad sufian : thisgame is starting and going in samsung s2 i love this game
ray brashears : i play it all the time. very entertaining.
poonam malhotra : its wastes are net and not works allways when open it it seems ti be written connecting and it never connects so plz do not download it plz............
jonathon garrison : hard at times to move on to next event..
john coffman : this game really sucks i downloaded it twice everytime i try to play it it just keeps turning off the worst game i have ever downloaded
kumar mangesh : it starts on the second screen, no options appear. nothing happens.
write mind : amaze balls. that's all i have to say
justice enwanwa : not what i was expecting buh cool
muhammmad juma : one serious cool game but kind of hard
john hartill : really cool game deffo worth a blast
solost : it is too easy to die in this stupid game
ayanvicky vm : i like this game always.
nick lasher : lots of different courses so it never gets boring
shairi jaan : i have good experience with trail xtreme
manish shadija : mast time pass but hard
pahoran garcia : it gets my heart rasing
badiluzaman chowdhary : o my god nice game of the year
pravin vishwakarma : very good graphics and new theme play
xxxgucci xx : i like this game is like the coolest game
kaci vidal : decent little game. needs to be easier to make coins to upgrade
john hatherley : it as a lot more than the 3rd and u can now customize your humon and bike and race facebook freinds
tasneem rocks! : a pretty idiotic game
luke pratten : plenty of cheats though.
altamash shaikh : i hated these game
mishaal t : great game, wish there was more offline content
jamie yeadon : must downlaod,so addictive
kevin north : great. much better then previous
sean mahoney : so far the game is pretty good good jumps good mods
awkward orc : but it glitches way to much
grayson neely : if it would let me play it
jm nelley : have some devices arnt gonna be compatible so thats a lot of peeps
josh thomson : good game but limited bikes and they are expensive
kempachi zaraky : good game with quite real phisycs
moto bros : good game quite the challenge but fun
larry meng : easy way to win some hard
keon raider : this is a good game i loved
xavier r : trials extreme 4 best one ever
jerred lacefield : awesome creaming game is so sexy
williambowen bowen : great game just need more bucks
riyan dalvi : trial extreme 2 and and 3 were better
yousuf tahmid : good graphics
drew hanrahan : game keeps disconnecting from servers...how many weeks are they going to be down for maintenance?!
edgar a. ramirez : get to buy and play with a lot of people!
jordan larson : this game is confusing but fun
nicolas gordon : this game is great for quik and ingoiable gameplay!
jenny haley : i wish i could restore my upgrades so i could get a new bike
helen davies : it's my husband that plays this he loves it
saif uddin : owsmmm game
adrian vasquez : only first two towns are free
savanth sesha : it is not opening in my device
chris sullivan : it's a great game
sazzad hossain : why are the water display transparent and brown ? it shoulb be blue... on note 4
claudia dominguez : this is the best game ever
ap singh : very nice super game i love it
wub wub : this would be 5stars if there was a reverse button
daryl p : play all the time and is fun
jordan scroggie : should be able to unlock levels easier
rene : its just awesome
yash budhoo : try it u wont regret
shawn : great game vey challenging
subham parik : it worked well for d first dae but 2nd day it's not starting plz help
chris_is_chrissed : i played this game on my moms phone and i had no problems and just by today i got it on my phone and i can open it but only four abot 6 seconds please help me with this thank for listening
john croston : have to sign in to google to play. uninstalling.
ghostreaper_djma : you need to work on the game in genral make it a little less hetic and laggy then maybe it will be a little bit better but alltogether this game sucks but i love it on the xbox 360
don williams : i can't play the game in that sucks
ekta sharma : it's not working pls fix it
david reid : the free for all is to long and not enough money any more and is impossible to win the tournaments game play is still good but not worth playing any more as game is been spoiled now
navaneeth p : can't play after level8 without net
big red : very addicting games wish it were easy to make some coins offline to but keeps not giving me my coins and when i win a race it will not say i wont and freezes really really annoying
sharaf uddin : awesome game,this is the world's best bike riding game!
the 928 critic : great game if you play by yourself ...as soon as you bet your coin the game engine dumbs your bike down so you can't really win any coins....so you buy them....plus i can run all the maps without falling but as soon as i play against someone else the simplest of jumps won't work...nice scam guys...plus there are hackers everywhere ....every other race i do is against some dude with an unfallable bike.....fix this crap
ayush jaiswal : awesome game just go for it.
wayne hawley : stage 16 closes every time i try to play it
shane graham : another game that costs too much money to advance
kyle webster-salter : i just brought coins on this game and it said the purchase failed product list is empty but on the game but i have been charged for it i am very angry how can this be rectified i want it done now
imran shaikh : after showing three bikes turning and telling connecting it won't go any further... please fix...i have loved previous versions.... i'll change my rating then..... using moto g 1st gen
william carter : could use some upgrades. but i like it
doose bigalo : it won't let me f******g let me play
jody mccleery : it's awesome, but i wish there were more motor bikes and levels and more upgrades.
damon kemp : it's a good game
rick buchta : plz explain how over night i lose 40000 coins when i wasn't even playing it.............
maaak tv : says connecting then autoclose. :-(
yash : its not working on android 4.0.4
tobias weiss : careful, very addictive!
rajarshi palit : every thing is ok but i can not understand how to earn money.?? plz help..
p sto : i uninstalled this before i played it. way too intrusive.
brian tanner : cool man, f-ing sweet & stuff!
ii rare ii : how do u record on android
pseudo vonfakerton : pop-up for lost internet connection in the middle of a race? good bye.
brian johnson : great game.
scott h : no where close to the best
jonathon booth : sick game mx 4life
t tona : this game is the best it works great on my s5
jasen deters : love this game so f***in much
grant booher : loved it!
dikshit sheth : couldnt work in lenovo a6000.
knoxx jerz : great game!!
k90 kalpesh : nice game........ i like it.... graphic is preety good...
shrinivas baraker : too many ad in game can't concentrate on the game
ioaness wise : thanks..
musfik alam zesan : this is a mind blowing game.....awsome i love this very much.......
jahid anik : really goood
mohd tausif : add exit option
airdontstop savageboy : i love this game
jason conway : i don't always play bike games, but when i do.. trail xtreme 4
polock chandra : really an extream awesome game......
destin rohrer : great game!!!
djda12 : really fun!!!
kuldeep soni : i download it but i start the game it showing only background pictures no option of play and setting nothing
erica riehl : good for when u r bored
ruben h : thanks
peter mcfarlane : loads of fun
ahmed mido : very nice game
arron burnham : new and improved
keon lyon : good game all round
leroy castro : this an awesome game
andre church : great game
christine boucher : great and not glitchy
nicole jensen : game automatically closes out
abrarul azim eshan : great game exciting
cynthia anderson : goood game very funn
daniel popov : this a good game
tay gotti : very motivating
julian enriquez : great graphics and physics
sai vasudatta : the game doesn't start on my phone :(
kevin mcdermott : love this game!!!!!
matthew boyd : i have won atleast 4-5 duals then i do not get the money for them. also when i do win the duals and get coin i only get half.
andrei shon : cool!
garry deline : why cant i move on to depot i am done thialand i dont have enough coins to buy it and my buddy moved on to it with out using coins
a google user : i love this game
karim magdy : realy nice
chris scott : downloaded this game and it says i have a nickname, got all gold stars yet i've never played it
thaddeus dixon : it was awesome as crap
momin mujtaba : it's not downloading
adam klaassen : lots of freezes
paulo baua : it crashed
hades srt : needs better quality
mary mercado : only the best game
abhishek kumar : love this game
nuphill : fun and addicting
deathloves 96 : fun for hours
abin shihad : this is a wonder full game
prajwal vijaykumar mali : one and only
jewel hossain : very nice game
deann daniell : great game
knives millions : 2 was the best version
alejandro juarez : addicting game
lorenza little : this is a good game
justin lopez cortes : i love the game
dillon davenport : great game
glen owen : lovin it so far
magic norton : i keep glitching and keep getting in first place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
will floyd : its to hard on the 2nd level
jason killa99 : cool racing game
tim reed : great game
mark pigman : lots of fun
warren devan : great game
satya jendra : cool games
shane buckingham : awesome and addictive
mikael periard : to much bugs
indra n : headband
duane swanick : too addictive
k : cool game
chris pacheco : cool
richard chambers : cool game
josh morgan : cool
dan tripp : purtty cool
ashley hastings : great game
keith henegar : great game
mayank narang : exteemly superb
lee tabor : awesome sauce
ramon bracamonte : great game
austin mathis : get game play with friends
hemant chudasama : addictive game
tyler cole : great game
shashi tarwadi : love this game
alex btx : crash
bruce gilkerson : horrible
joshua norcott : it's ok
anthony richmond : cool
sylvain lapointe : cool
mddvvm cassette : cool
donald ulino : forever to upload
james newton : adictive
ashley jones : i've lost so much money because it keeps auto accelerating at the start of a race or check point. it's intermittent but rapping the brake button doesn't slow it down so not even playable and so much money has been lost because of this, doesn't make the game any good if can't get controls right
mel jones : you have forced my hand in dropping my review score to one star. you can over develop a game an ruin it. and this is exactly what you have done here. i have been playing this game from day one and watched it progress. it's the adverts that are overpowering the game to such a point. it's bl***y annoying to the point where i've decided to uninstall the game for good. why you don't have a full version with no ads. the locked levels is until you play against somebody in a different timezone is a bad idea.
oliver wilton : i've been playing this series from number 1 and loved them all but i've been put off by the lack of offline playable levels. i like to play these games when travelling or when out and about, which i now can't do because it needs wifi to do the rest of the levels. a really good, fun game but because of the lack of off line play i'm sticking to trials xstreme 3. fingers crossed for 5
aaron grauel : don't bother with this game, it's terrible. the always online requirement is annoying, the only way to make any money or even progress at all is to race against other players ghost riders and it is really frustrating. the physics is also pretty wonky. just go with trials frontier by ubisoft, you can have the game this one is ripping off of for free on your phone too.
andy wright : progression means more difficulty with clever designs in my view, but even my 5 year old has fun with this. i had a problem when buying coins but developer sorted it quickly. good to see. maps do update but i am progressing on the basic bike and not yet failed to be able to win on thailand maps with a bit of doggedness.
hugh thomas : this game is super difficult and requires lots of practice. the most frustrating part, though, is when i challenge someone. suddenly it seems like my bike has twice as much acceleration. i'm always on my back trying to lean forward and keep it from crashing. samsung gs4. still playing but frustrated.
stranger : during tournament races, take the opponent off the screen, it lags out my movements causing me to wreck if the opponent is near me on screen. and second, let us see the guy in first places run. i am doing the free tournament as fast as possible and someone always does 3 to 5 seconds faster. i want to know how.
james brigance : entertaining game. pathetic that the only way to be competitive is to spend real money for in game currency for better bikes and parts and to top that there are definitely some people cheating this game to set the times they post during tournaments. not too much attention payed to people not paying them money which is typical for a "freemium" game. i would give a higher star rating if it were not for that fact.
matt townsend : had to edit title, extreme trials is way worse. controls are jumpy as hell. makes climbing a hill a pain. your forced to win a race against another person to proceed. that's not really hard, but i like trial games to see the crazy obstacles i have to pass. once i beat it flawlessly, i don't want to have to do it again to keep playing. also if you do fail to win the race, you lose money and are forced to pay again. this isn't playstation. i am not looking for a multiplayer game.
sergii semenov : 1. physics is so glitchy. once you drop from 1000 feet and survive, but another time it kicks you off from 10 feet. rider might get stuck under bike! submerging to objects constantly. 2. drains battery too fast, device gets overheated, not possible to play after 15 minutes sure to slowdown. 3. i earned all stars at one location. no reward. 4. they changed a level but left old rider ghosts, not possible to win. 5. controls and ui are awful, they should take a look at better games on the market.
hiranmoy duarah : this trial game has much better controls than any other. but i still love ubisoft trials frontier because it features a story mode and unique bikes. for those who cant get past the thailand levels, try jumping on the ramps..u could get much higher jumps that way...peace out
darius williamson : wasn't bad until the buttons started screwing up. i lean forward and for some reason the bike goes backward.same thing with the gas i hit the gas and the break taps itself. not my error i don't have fat thumbs and my screen is calibrated
gary blagdon : it's a fun and challenging game. the graphics are great, the physics are pretty darn good too,but a kittle glitchy sometimes. the worst part about it is the amount of battery it drains. 20 minutes of continuous play will drain half my battery life on a full charge. it's by far the worst app i have as far as that goes. overall a great great, just fix the efficiency issues if it's a possibility.
mike rawson : fun game hard to save money for new bikes and tournaments you only win when you're top 3 besides free for all and the top ten doesn't even make sense how they get the times... doesn't matter if i do the map perfect never break top 1000...
cody edwards : if you like dirt bike games this one is fun, however be prepared to get upset. this game will make you mad at some point. mainly because when you lose a match it's something very small that really wouldn't cause you to wreck.
mr will : not that this game is hard its just really clumsy and jittery. had a hard time getting on with it. b4 anyone says anything i have a galaxy s6 so its not the phone. game is boring crappy graphics and lazy design. meh give it a shot and now imma delete it. bye
clay b : way to hard. physics are horrible. camera stays still while you take off and can't see next obstacle. deserves 0 stars. plus you have to buy coins to upgrade. greedy
lucha gaming : here's the thing. when people look at a mobile game its not always the game itself. they are willing to help you with any problems you encounter. they contact you if you have an issue. not the other way around. for that i give it a solid 4. some things could be different but i like the customer support.
xgravexx : controls are completely screwed, the game basically throws track racing out of the window and makes the focus attempting to keep your rider on the bike while the controls work against you. no concept of how a motorcycle works either or how to ride one.
nathan richter : if the game lags or your battery drains quickly or your phone overheats, it's not the game, it's your phone. i have an s5 and it plays perfectly. i've played trials 1-4 and this is a great company. beat all levels with all stats and never spent a dime.
nick schelm : haven't really had a problem with anything accept it being a little glitchy sometimes. but other than that. i like it.
christopher m : sorry not a fan after 2hrs of playing. nothing wrong on the games part. just not a fan of the micro trans wall that it hit early in the game.
william rogich : land on the back tire, you fall off. unrealistic controls. by far the most annoying and worthless game i have played. i would rather watch paint dry than play this game.
connor durrant : couldn't even load the game up i've even tryed taking my battery out never worked i uninstalled the game but that never worked neither
spencer davis : rip off
john ponce : i love this game it is so much fun my son also loves it i think he's a little better than me lol
anne alley : oh i was supposed to put that ^ here. oops
jae bowring : got the game today. played it for an hour. it force closed and now i cannot open the game will just freeze my galaxy s5.
dominik sparling : i like this one but the levels are much more difficult and just don't make sense. overall, it's not as fun and more of a chore than before. hopefully, trail xtreme 5 will equally combine 3 and 4.
mao mao : i and my bro both play this game to kill time. its fun, everything is great and all but why is it everytime i enter a new series (like from thailand to the depot) i have to pay some money but my bro doesnt?? like he went straight from thailand to depot when i have to pay an extra $ 35,000 to enter and now it happens again when i enter the construction! please fix this.
josh white : man, this game is so buggy. played for 10 minutes to give it a chance, and was not impressed.
andrew cope : ace game can't get enough bad point new levels n bikes cost to much coin part from dat it gd game
james kyker : bike and riders went all black after phone update ,the levels are fine ,will i loose everything if i have to reinstall
nick brunnenmeyer : the free for all changed you can't make any money now and for some reason on my droid turbo the rider and obsticles are all black and you can't see anything but the back ground fix it or its getting deleted i played this game all the time now i hate it
kurt holmes : this game is dumb you have to race somebody every level and you have to pay 1,000 coins every time. do not download
ilya ionov : at first glance it was pretty cool: wonderful grafics, interesting maps, not annoying ads. but then came the bugs. on some levels there are none of them, while on others there are tones. it got really frustrating when you start to race with someone, get ahead of the opponent and then lose just because half of your bike getting stuck into hard objects like wood, or something. now i have mixed feelings about the game, they could done better job on big testing.
sean willis : very challenging almost to the point of impossible. and could use like a map or layout of the course to get a better since of what's next
dillion wood : paid 9.99 for 85,000 coins and never got it. but y'all sure could take my money. can't even get a reply to my emails or anything.
walter black : 1st series 4th course. can't get up the ramp with the first upgraded bike. just comes short of the loop. then can't get across the water when skipping that part.
austin miller : it would load. it will finally get in the game then all it does is says connecting. i sat there for about 30 minutes and it would not load. i will 5 star it if it will load. please give me tips so i can play it.
mairead campbell : stays on load screen connecting works on my boyfriends phone and it's the same phone that i have samsung galaxy s5
wesley williams : everytime i try to move my guy looks like he is having a seizure, don't recommend this to anyone, way to many bugs
michael dunn : any time i come in first it takes my entry fee and doesn't pay out, good game but not so good at paying rewards
akshat patel : nice man i can not believe this game is rock man i am so much happy i love it my team super sticker also love this game good man good.....
ryan pardy : love the game. quite challenging at times, but that's all the fun. i highly recommend this game to anyone above the age of ten and knows how to use a smart phone. but definitely 5 out of 5 stars.
jacob knapp : so you work up and beat levels or unlock levels by paying, and then you still have to play people ranked better than you to unlock further levels? makes no sense. and is quite frustrating. this is the main agonizing thing about this app.
j dub : every time i finish a race, the app crashes.... not the reward i was hoping to get for winning a race. more stars if they fix it.
aaqib khan : really nice levels and gameplay. physics is somewhat messed up so not giving it 5 stars
colton d : i love it alot. but you can't record but it is competitive and fun
andrew schumaker : stop trying to suck me in you waste my time saying it's free when it isn't. make it cost money for the download so i don't even bother trying it out.
kamran haris : i just downloaded it like 5 minutes ago. when i tried opening up the game it closed and went back to home screen. i never even got to play it. is fron an lg optimus l90 phone.
jay-robbo : it is very good top qualty game but bike prices should be lowered it is like impossible to get that much thats all .
devon kingsbury : i can't even play it because it brings me back to my home screen. your wasting your time downloading it.
markuss ozols : i downloaded it and it came up as another person's acount and he had gotten very far
jack b : too long of load time in between crashes. need to be able to gain coins without risking money. 75k for da second bike is bonkerz yo!
joshua kimzey : game won't load. three little bikes just go around and around while it says connecting. worst game ever.
tommy bailey : i was attracted to the aesthetics of the game but after about 3 attempts im realizing this just isnt going to let me download it..
chris dugdale : the game is good, but the older ones are better, the bikes feel a bit disjointed from the input which was not the case with older ones, still worth a go though.
andrew pappas : they made many updates, completely redoing some maps. a few are a total mess with the bike not lining up with ramps. they need to clean this up.
hoby terry : i downloaded this app a week ago i have trouble when the app starts it exits the app, if it does load i click on a map and it exits the game i have a galaxy s3 please fix this problem
aaron curry : good but when i downloaded it signed me into the account ( luna is a fn quier) and they had already beaten most of the game
miah haller : fun game. good mechanic for generating extra currency. no limits to how many times you can play except in-game currency, which isn't needed for every race. worth it.
kyle doran : great game but everything cost coins to play. you have to buy the next levels instead of achieving them through previous levels. make the levels free!
noddybasher : don't down load it it so t start
todd leach : this game takes forever to load. if you crash, it's 15 seconds of seeing your guy doing nothing. then a 20 second load out, even though it was just on the course. no cache?
jonathan smith : the game is good but the update system is horrible. i upgrade the bike and if i was to select, "select a bike" all of my upgrades are gone and the game money is gone.
ty t : haven't had any issues yet other than coin purchase feature does not load, other than that, runs great, very addicting, and equally frustrating! galaxy s5
oscar sosa : i have been in the same part of the game for weeks. i even open it once a day just to get free coins, but at this rate it's gonna take weeks to advance. watching videos for free coin gives you 200, yet upgrades cost 20k and levels cost over 100k. i just don't see how they expect you to progress without spending money on the game. not cool.
robert knowles : this game is ok to play but all the bugs make it frustrating to play. also the tutorial is mediocre at best.
neeco : it doesn't have lag and it download so fast its just so cool aim ben searching theps of games taips of games for a year
trevor atchley : great game as long as you don't want to play it... if you just like to look at icon and occasionally open only to have it crash then i would recommend this game!
ricky penley : this game is do good and takes time to play. so if you have time to waste then this is your game
ryan flynn : this game is a pain what doesn't help is when you go on a free tournament but it takes 1500 coins off you totally pointless
brandon scullion : when the game freezes which is somewhat frequent it restarts my phone. kind of a pain
derek : loving it, ads don't bother me too much and you don't have to cough up real money to get anywhere
kevin corbett : grwat fun but having to play online to unlock levels can be annoying sometimes
blinkkev909 : garbage wouldn't work tried downloading multiple times. everytime i open it crashes.
jereme bintz : great game, but almost every level must be unlocked first
avisian : morally repugnant, and for the most part irrelevant in eu territory. uninstalled. they are trying to provide a service, but try to prohibit anyone quantifying the quality of that service. it's shameful.
blaze kaiken : i even can't open it after connecting it's force close
french ghost : can be a bit laggy sometimes, but definitely worth the download load. a bit challenging and tough to get coins at times. overall 5 stars.
lene odendaal : i can't get past thailand #7. don't know how to get up that mountain. please help and i'll give 5 stars
robert glenn : really hard to ride over obstacles if they are all black! maybe you should try the game before you release garbage!
samuel gaming 22 : we buy all the maps then we only unlock 8 free levels. then you have to beat a live player. well they are the best players i have ever seen. those are the people you have to play face. then if you do beat them you unlock 1 level not all the rest you just unlock 1. after all that work you unlock 1. screw you!!!!!!!!!!!
sleepy uzumaki : somethings wrong and every time i try to play it it goes to my main screen
nick c : was fun but now when i click a map the app crashes. also i have contacted support but no reply smh
arham : every time i open the game. after it says connecting.... the game closes automatically. i will rate fairly if u fix it
james barton : always been a fan of the trials games. so i figured i'd add this one to my collection
jamie hobson : i have 3 stared all levels but it requires 120k coins to unlock third zone. this will take a long time to get the coins so disapointing
crayfish carl : i have been playing this game a lot lately. i like that you can duel against other real people . could use more bikes, less landmines and more shekels. these prices!?
mitch kranson : the game is good, quit trying to sell me levels. the app sucks balls. they constantly try and sell you stuff, other games, levels, mods, and coins. f this
paul smith : it was a great game but for whatever reason it will no longer connect so i can't play it
tyler giske : it's a good time killer but hard and time consuming to get upgrades
minced onion : crashed before i could even play it. i hope someone will fix this
nasiful haque : make the crash more realistic and also cut out the ads when i'm in the middle of the race and i shut off my tablet a ad comes and crashes my race
josh fralish : after last update it force closes after every race. droid turbo
ghostgottem : i saw a confederate helmet...when did this game get offensive
that one girl how is a total nerd and geek : mine goes left not right on the wheel!! please help
weston merrick : i had an issue. i contacted support and they worked with me on the issue and fixed it.
ezequiel lopez : great game liked it so far but it won't let you get passed certain levels with out playing against some one so i was okay i can do that so i win the it kicks me out of the app and charges me coins in the game tried multiple times now terrible glitch
tanzid mohammad : change your programmer. fyi there are several courses on game development! first learn, then do
john gigous : to hard to control bike while riding. stupid game.
cody rodasky : some levels seem like you gotta be a fan boy to beat them.
tommy dj : always lag everytime when play online! fix this then i will back to 5 stars
enonk rheino : with this game i can feel n think how to control n what move to get a trick... with a good visual 3d..
frostclaw the warrior cat /fctwc\ : great grafics, lots of fun. nothing bad to say, keep up the good work!
mike french : games a little bit difficult an quite pricey but are all pritty good
steven jenkins : awesome game, stuck on thailand #14 though. wish it was google+ compatible as i don't have facebook.
deedeedub ent. : it keep crashing every time i click on it
richard schoppmeyer : pretty fun game, all the advertisements get old fast though..
mostafa costa : it is bad i did played it out saed
briana lizardi : it is a dume game because i would get it to load but as soon as it is done loading it closes
paul pemberton : good game fairly difficult levels. love the ability to race others.
shaun reynolds : it will load up then when i try to do a tournement or a race it crashs an goes bk to my home screen on my phone dont download waste of time
danger deven : only rating for the free coins. takes way too freaking long to earn money
pawan juyal : playing with other players around the world makes it even more interesting. worth installing.
xkill3rx : the part i lose because theirs good players in a tournament
donny : they try to pry money out you for everything.
micheal hughes : love this game.would be 5 stars.but i want a few more bikes.other than that its awesome.
brian 5 : played for maybe 10 minutes. absolutely stupid.
taylor havelka : it keep's force closing on me witch is really irritating. . other than that its awesome . please fix though !!!
noushin anees : this game is broken once i start the game then play a level the miniseconds start going fast i didn't even fall off of my bike what is this bs
sog blackplague : i win 2500 coins in a tournament twice so far and i havent actually got my coins, my bike is to slow (fully upgraded) to be about to finish the 10th lvl it costs 75k to get a diffrent bike and thats near impossible to get considering you cant get coins from tournaments ans only get a few thousand if that from the lvl races and the boat is glitchy as hell ive been on it going straight almost to land then ot shoots back and puts me off of the screen but not dead
brian carlisle : i started playing then i would spend thousands of coins on races and the app would close making me lose the race and the money waste of time
darrius james : this game was stuiped as f it was slow for 1 for 2 why do the pants cost so much for 3 it was stupid
ryan robinson : bought a map and it has taken the money but not unlocked it so definitely one star for that reason alone
romeo julya : after downloading this huge file it will not open :-(
nick ellis : i totally give this game five stars but it is kinda onfair because when ever i ride on free mode i past the level easy but whenever i race someone from other country i always lose and i lose money . i hope costumer service can tell me why that happen
jd gaming : don't waste your time people.this is a terrible game
alex martin : love this game :d
khairul basher : graphics quality is really v good. hope to enjoy the game v much. let's see what happens.
jitesh sharma : the man is showing in black. what is the problem
d34d m4n : stupid dumb horrible
teambuller : every time i win a battle against another player to unlock more levels yet it don't unlock them fix and it will be 5 stars
aurthohin arman : some missions are annoying.
mike cournoyer : stuck on thailand # 8 but def helps pass the time
keron patton : why do we have to do a duel race in order to move on? maybe we don't feel doing it, waste of our money but the game is ok
elijah arney : really really really hard for the levels offline for begginers so you need a lot if cash to get upgrades
amaris jimenez : the game is almost exactly like my xbox game trials fusion. it's really cool !! you guys r awesome!!
chris sweeney : cant get passed thailand 8 its one part thats impossible iv tried for hours i dont c how the heck man theres no way iv tried everything
steven golden : not letting me go the the vary first screen ..... not cool
anisur rahman nizam : this is so much hard. not like tx3. tx3 is better than the tx4
mike huffman : adicted from git go! just bought some new racing boots with my winnings!
jack kenney : after the last update everything went black every time i race the person bike and level are black it was perfect before the update
jakebrake : some levels are like really fn hard. but fun and addicting
joe mcclure : nice wish there was more available offline for sure but suck a fun game.
justin casteneda : love it great game. wish it was an easier way to get coins. just play and win
kim melo : friends aren't popping up to play against them :( halpppppp
jessie hayes : it's hard to control. its not as fun as the 3rd is.
jeevesh malhotra : what are you doing? the game is ending automatically and my money is getting less the most ridiculous game ever played
tommy khan : im stuck on thailand but i modified my bike and its looking like a beast so five stars
akash gupta : i tried for three time but game isn't responding.
nathan carter : awesome the way they set it up where you can race other people!
quinn mcdonald : its just not a good game.
abdullah ijaz : does not work i open it but gets closed automatically please fix it for me
richard chrysler : game is enjoyable, but every time i win the race it force closes
dustin easley : won't let me move on past lvl 8 after i beat someone
blaine brown : this game is challenging and fun. i am happy i downloaded it.
dan cole : are you serious with the ad's? how can you have an ad in the middle of the race and stop everything. screw you and screw your game.
mark gill : would be great to be able to see a tournament leaders lap so we can improve our own laps
markus diederich : so much fun play it all the time
jake lowe : i love this game man keep up the good work
daniella oduro : finally a game ever that shows how it really looks in the video but the graphics
ryan kerr : love it just wish there was a stunt course and tricks available
a google user : i couldnt even start it sent me back to the play store
dilip patil : so this game is good but it is closed in middle
michael basmajian : beautiful and great handling but very hard to earn coins to progress
d schinold : buttons dont woek all the time i have problems with the gas and jumping
kyler spangler : i thought the game is fun i think they should continue it
ese. pansi : this game is awesome and i win sometimes
shresth bhojgarhia : better than trial xtremes 1,2&3.a bit hard but awsm
suzanne johnston : love the game super smooth for almost any device and use original ideas and rank based races
krissie lee : some levels r challenging but awesome. wish the levels unlocked tho.
thomas mcguigan : what a game and i recomend to anyone im on the blizzard bike and its almost fully upgraded
mark hawe : this is a very bad game
shane carson : accelerator button stops working randomly
deep shrestha : a very addictive game.... and apart from all the graphics and the game theory is good.
jasraj singh : beats all other versions.
hannah black : cant get it to go past loading screen
arturo arroyo : no one should play it i played the game should be at least a little more realistic
vemayya reddy : this is a very worst game.......there is no option for setting the game in tilt mode . don't download yaaaaaaaar.
gamesmaster007 : i love the game so much! it has epic graphics and tons of maps! thank you deeymeeda!
justin holt : won't get past the "connecting" screen. can't even play
terry cunningham : i have no problems at all i love this game
jake o'kelley : told boss man it would be worth it because i make more money in a week on this game than a year at the firm
oliver moody : it's a good game, don't get me wrong but i would like to see more offline races!
pankaj kumar srivastav : this game is so best games in ever game
rose : i love it very much
martin ward : game fantastic opened all levels by paying but then update came and stopped me doing all maps untill i beat a rider well its ruined it now
jon ray : good but i wish there was a easier way to get money
addict : it's very fun it's like a good way to gamble if you're good
macey jefferson : great game. i like the challenges.
thomas whelan : great game the old games are good aswell 1/ 2/ 3.
fox mulder : bad control! first trial xtreme was best
marquez burney : awesome your game is cool i have it on xbox 360.
gareth jackson : need to make.more levels unlockable without having to pay with coins
zachary willis : it's fun but as said before glitchy
dann allain : would be better if i knew the track before starting level also kind of annoying have to compete to unlock levels
jackson plt : first the wallpaper of the game comes then in a little while it shuts down and the game sucks
scott logan : awesome game more free levels please
tanner pryor : great game without too many adverts.
john smaellie : fun game. need to earn more coins for a better bike
aaron vold : great game but not enough levels to play that are free.
daniel d wiley : it is fun and very xtreme
norris mihai boros : it is really cool with the last update
tj patterson : good game great graphics and close to real controls
devin ingram : loved it but all the trails should be free
dj dunne : cool bit hard should be tatorial
tyson leonard : come on do not get this game its crap
tony chritton : very addictive and great graphics on my s5
gaspor sims jr : great game very addictive. works great also.
tae white : almost better than racing in gta 5
matthew mckenna : excellent game not to many adds popping up
skylar mitchell : it is quite nerve racking but so fun
josh salas : does not open goes to connecting then home screen
sachin bhai : i think this game is good in graphics.
beardgang520 : extremely fun game. u have to try it.
josh nevison : great game.
pahul sidhu : world's best motocross game
oliver fawcett : plenty of time spent jamming this.
umar ahmed : its avery nice game
shaikh bilal : good game loved it beautiful game please download it and play
syapixx 46 : superb game the game is 3d not lag
nyslexic dinja : hate games that make you pay for the good stuff
edvins j : fun game to play. addictive
sohail riaz paracha : feels realistic and its awesome
rajveer sp : great entertainment nd enjoyed this game
dj blaker : this is best fricken game ever
k. a. shaon : but there are so many updates
amber faraz : cool game must download
mohd khairul masri : working great at my s6 edge
riad rochan : awesome.... im master of this games
quayshawn brown-jones : better than playing it on pc.
matt mobley : graphics could be better. overall a descent game.
kenneth epe : wow the best game of, my life nyahahhahah
a google user : good game. time flies with this on my phone
allen melendez : great game. love the variety of levels.
zuber ansari : mobile with 3 gb ram reboots as soon as the game starts...
craig frain : it's super asome
caleb gouge : its really fun no lags no nothing
trenton chappell : this game is awesome but the ads
isaiah najera : the game is the best game i have played
demarcus hall : its cool and challenging.
hostility : it a fun game to play when bord
ramzan ali : i love this so much
justin garcia : but need fix
joe labernik : this is a cool game
aiman bukhari : game is awsome
orlando fuentes : it's a great game overall
jeremy magloughlen : awesome but tricky i love it
tyler holdren : 5 start if it wasn't real money dependant
akhil babu penumaka : take is good but online gaming is boring
john bowman : it glitches all of the time and just succckkksss!!!!! do not get it!
syed azhan : the best trial game.
seth barby : why can't there actually be a free game?
antonio bova : every time i open the app it logs me out
nicolas martinez : its cool
gareth sweet : love this game! best mobile game by far!
iqrabuzzaman shoumik : much better than previous versions.....graphics not so bad
steven savage : classic mean bikes n reality riding
nishut suman : too bad app not supporting in m a106 make it easy for me.
gnoivan naviong : loading it takes more time!
loggan johnson : fun game, great graphics
brendan bishop : need to fix lvl 7 and 11 in canyon
levi smith : great game a little slow on my phone
steven evans : it's not to bad
michala nartker : it's a good game
tech world : how to open it.
yogesh goyal : force closes whenever i win a tournament.
eigbobo ose : the game is amazingly awesome!!!...
shrikrishna oza : after opening the game , the screen just show is connecting & connecting ! what to do now ?
meg d : way too many glitches
richard dylan : some of the levels are impossible
moises claros : my 3 year old loves this game!!! i play it myself as well!!!!
nathan vandalay : it's fun, and challenging.
vitalii plytan : really cool game !! strongly recommended!!!!
mikey likesit : not too shabby....or flabby
brandon brickman : what a dumb game
killker creecy : it's awesomeness!
often misconceived tv : spent 5$. it's a good game
rmkw fitness : why can't i get on to the game i installed it but it won't work
alex whitaker : its bad
faiz zargar photography : awesome. game. ever .....10 out of 10
paul thwaites : very addictive game!
regina brown : awesome if you are looking at a great racing game this is it
javed ahamed : the game does not load at all
adil mehboob : virus found no colour too
sukhveer singh : best game in play stor ....
precillano lumaghan jr. : this is great!
levirex : toooo awesome to change
dj lansing : pretty easy controls
r34lston3r inc. : but it has it moments
dillpickle1289 dillpickle1289 : this game is awesome
paulo oliveira : great game
damith soyza damiya : i love that
josh smith : i would recommend
toni khoury : really fun
jackson pulido : i got the docks
wendy vankleeck : how the trails are i loved it
k k : deff should give it a try
brad stoner : very addictive
m.kirkham 1 : this game is very good
jt dawson : really good so far
ash 666 : the best thing ever
ricky vargas : love this game.
leon mackenzie : pretty good
kayden austin : fun exciting game
03 ajeethkumar v : good game nice to play
simon-pierre blanchet : love it. addictive.
bryce posey : good game to pass time
britney bowman : great game!!!!!
beard_life_91 : addictive time kill
mikey williams : cool game
luis angfchotab : awsome game
rambo killerx : love the game
elias garcia : its cool
gautam bhalerao : this game is good
jt de paz : very addictive
daniel hosinski : its realy fun
vincent o'brien : it is to good
casey dickinson : previous versions better
sean bryson : this game is badass
josh lycans : very addicting
shane davis thompson : best one yet
luellin cronk : great game
justin cooper : nice but buggy
momir gabric : not bad at all
dubie316 : very fun and addictive
aman raj : action packed
duke wellington : great cuck the adds
bigggucci kd : its pretty coo
rosie ribau : awesome graphics
scott arthur : the game keeps closing
md faizancool : this game is so nics
james jones : keeps stopping and closing the game
rykers outdoor adventure : says challenge your friends on facebook yet it shows no one??? we both have the game and are on facebook. please fix
randy shelley : this one sucks
yah hoo : game is a blast
renjith b nair : how to open the game
i.m.t.w jp : motorcycle
kathy wiseman : great game
nigel race : simply perfect
jeannine may : cool
mauro cardoza : love this game
mohit boora : loving it
kelvin c : great game
mechelle macalou : cool
shining stars : wow great
andrew shatlaw : awsome game
marcin olczak : great game
jeffrey reeves : great game
austin phillips : addicting
dustin baker : great game
preston brocklehurst : great game
hytek fdm : why do i have to race other people to advance in level?
gary goodman : cool
john milligan : cool
spencer gatewood : cool
rosenia valdez : cool
bartek szczech : cool
tyler brownfield : i've never played this game. i downloaded it and when i opened it, all tracks were unlocked, the rider was dressed as santa and there were 15,000+ coins. umm, how?
andy metz : i don't care for playing against other players.. limited to the first 8 levels unless you play online or buy coins. removed.
brian tobon : can you guys make an option where u could put the jump button on the right side, above the gas to where you could slide your finger and activate the jump with or without letting go of the gas ?
athina clark : anthony
shabib gazi : gd graphics
gemma mcleod : its ok
alexander the video gamer : super physics
caiden lee sharp : it sucks
mohammed yazdani : only stunts
devesh kumar : lvd it
richard sanchez : sucks
boy savage : screw it
jake bolyard : this game is horrible compared to the previous game. loading screens seem to last forever and the fact that you have to verse another player to succeed is just stupid. having the option to play against someone else would be fun, but making it permanent is pretty frustrating. also the money system makes the game sooooooo slow. starring levels like on the previous game is a way better system for this game. i'm disappointed.
ependos penphany : was really enjoying this game until recent update. now if i want to play the next level i have to waste coins i could use to upgrade to beat the levels i can't unlock because i can't beat any one so i keep losing money. i dislike playing games with others. i prefer to live my sheltered agrophobia life in peace.
simon ellis : at the beginning it asked if i wanted to remove adds and double my coins for 63p i did and it said purchased failed. looked at my playstore account and it has been taken. do not purchase anything from these crooks as they steal money. i will be taking this further its not the money ots the principle. developers i hope you get back to me for this issue as i will keep pushing legally if you do not
adam hutton : really enjoyed this game, bought the construction level really cheap, other levels where priced at 1.27gbp so didn't buy them straight away, big mistake, the update gave some new free levels but also a new pricing policy, the next level costs 180,000 game coins and it costs 12.80gbp to buy 175,000 coins. i think the developer has become very greedy
don lawson : the game is horrible after the update. everything is choppy and not at all fun to play. i used to play this game three or four hours a day. now i play once a day just to get the bonus coins in hopes that you'll undo the update and bring back the original, fun game.
zeb smith : this game is entertaining, but it just made me want to go back and play the first in the series back when it cost a few bucks one time and involved climbing over obstacles, not assume kind of over the top mx teaching.
dan bischoff : my first reaction was to compare this game to tx3 (also an awesome game) but tx4 is different. it wasn't until i started playing the tournaments and duels that i was completely blown away at the depth of this game. it far exceeds previous versions. can't wait for tx5 if this is the kind of improvement i can expect!
andrew b : great start really excited and got hooked real quick. however didn't take long to become almost impossible and the levels get rediculous. really close to becoming a great game but for me just missed the mark with no longevity.
chinmay vyas : it should be offline. and in the level with boat,my rider flies far away in the sky and then falls in water & dies
lee murphy : the controls suck. the bike crashes over every little thing. i.upgraded bike and raced against one person now it requires coins that i cant earn. im.sure as hell not gonna pay for a free game..yea this game really had a lot of thought put into it...not. btw the layouts of the play free are outrageously fkd up.definitely not an american made game. its too fkd up thats why its uninstalled
a google user : i am hooked, i love the new thailand as well as all the other levels. they are all pretty darn challenging and the controls, the physics programmed behind the game are amazing!!
waywardcarpenter : the thialand upgrade is impossible unless you buy upgrades. this was a great game until they decided to go pay-for-play. i'm going to delete it and start over.
josh warren-bender : game was awesome until the update, now levels are choppy and annoying. great way to lose half your players.
enrique salas : love the game but this new updated version doesn't allow you to calibrate your phone for game-play. it doesn't allow me to tilt my bike or properly play the game
davie harvry : love all the updates, the little things that make a great game great are all in this version.
branden nelles : allow other course packs to be unlocked with stars, and not just by payment and i will give you a 5 star rating.
james lawrie : awesome game just one gripe is since you've updated some of the tracks i'm vs'ing opponents still using the old track and it's impossible to win on the slower track
nabeel aziz : this is a very enjoyable game. like its previous versions it has good graphics. i really like the idea to earn coins by competing with user ghosts. first do the level yourself. then once comfortable compete with ghosts. upgrade bike and you are good.
idris rasheed : i just installed the game and as i was playing it i saw that almost every thing was black,i thought it was normal until it started cracking and was showing it well,the bike black the bike man black i can't even play the game.pls fix it and you will get 5 stars
buck apps : this game is wicked fun but there are somethings that they need to fix, i was on thailand #7 offline practice mode and when i went back online to race someone on thailand #2 it made me go back to #2 on offline practice. plz fix
david finney : installed the update now it won't load just keeps closing sort it out guys
jason webber : smooth game play, kept me entertained for hrs. levels get harder and harder making it frustrating but rewarding as you progress.
ashish singh : i like the game. but whenever i'm playjng online an advertisement pops up. and even game stops without any reason, the app simply closes! mood spoiler
sherry howerton : liked the game but after latest update game keeps closing out everytime i click to race so can't play it now
aaron brown : was great until game started to force close right when you cross finish line. fix and i'll give 5 stars
joshua roy : game was awesome. downloaded the most recent update, and levels have become glitchy. i have stopped playing this game. sad, because it was such a fun game before this update.
manan : if you ever are bored play this thanks for bringing back tx3 music remixes
johntoglita : im trying to save my coins and the game keeps making me vs someone else and waist my coins and try and beat someone and i will be in the lead and they will be going the same speed as me then they glitch through objects and get some weird speed boost how am i supposed to get new things if this keeps happening and i loose thousands of coins will give 5 stars when fixed!!!
westley thompson : great game!!!! and they sort out any issues you have in gameplay. i bought coins and they didn't show up, contacted customer support and they fixed it right up.
darius surgenavic : it's a great game, but i cant beat lvl 19 on depot. because i cant go on without beating someone and everyone i face beat that level with the older version so they had a different track
sanchia hendrix : great game. challenging and fun. solid game play. yet to find a single glitch
brad thiel : sometimes complicated is not the best. throw i n some simple ones here to satisfy everyone otherwise this game is great!!!
tanvir ahmed tuhin : because when i will play this game the game became stop.
mlstrom art : this game is always make me angry when i died so many times
christopher cartagena : the game just sits while saying connecting and the bikes move but i let it stay like that for 30 min and it still didn't start please help. the game does not work for me, my device is the digiland dl700d tablet. please reply.
daniel inglis : good game but stop with all the pop ups drive me crazy
dyllan pittaway : finally. a game that actually challenges you. love this game
? patience ? joshua groves : fun racing game, give it a try ....
jayden h-s : i wish i could give it one star when you start its impossible to win coins when you get matched up to really good players it sucks dont get it
shayne rolt : awesome game. very challenging in parts and not too overloaded with adds.
tom lyon : good game. starting to get difficult now
beastgamer005 prashikjadhav : all stages should b free,otherwise its five stars
y : it is crashing when you tap the play button
emilio mendoza : it is fun that you can race people around the world.
jonathan bobbe : good game, keeps me occupied!
akhona gumede : this app won't play it keeps saying connecting please fix it
matt isaac : what's happened??? was fine before, brilliant in fact and now not working.... duels, tournaments - just keeps throwing me back to my home screen.... getting rid x
dick hurts : will not load past spiraling motos humming me out really want to play
joseph romero : could you just remove the tips and all that by any chance though
james henderson : good game can take a while to earn money to upgrade bikes
achilles 333 : fun, fast paced good addictive fun!
rayan khan : that's great and always works i always do this game first
mehedi shawon : it was my one of the most favourite game
asep saeful rijal : but i hope i can feel more natural play
just me : i love this game its very awesome game more update and fix it plzzz its so much good game anytime its good
robert owen : it's a good game, the update looks nice.
kossay zemzem : this game is very hard and they most updated it
steve mcnichols : fun time waster, needs more free levels
tarun : its boring. ... never waste your data balance in
anthony otero : i love this app u should try it
che clarke : this game is really hard but very fun
shrinjoy biswas : dude i already hacked your game and unlocked depo level ...plz use propper logic for your level unlocking logic......went to gareage trird a bike and guess what depo part was unlock haha....patch it or ur gona lose money
shaq evans : need more free tracks
paul poyyayil : lots of graphical bugs, playable but irritating
bobby mehra : great picture quality great graphics great game
marburger stacy : it is awesome can't get away from it
1444 prathamesh shendarkar : but its not that good
braxter mtb : it needs more locations
peter canarelli : new boards level to short and easy
tyler abraham : awesome man great game to play
tammy soutor : super fantastic bike game ever
alex mcgrew : very glitchy, lags so much makes playing pointless. please fix
sarah qaila : i really love this game
kaushalya mandaliya : i love the smoothness.
emm sea : good game and lots to do for no $$$
chadwick sayles : too hard to get enough money to level up the bikes.
gilles leblanc : money grab.
jason high : love this game!
ch zubair : good luck with best wishes
a google user : overall it's good
jonathan crichton : addictive and frustrating but fun
gavin frater : really amazing game
william pannell : great all outgame
santonio anderson : great no complaints
cody prior : great game
justin henricks : best 1 out
ace386 lemuel : you know it
mark redmond : love this game
ted s : great game
jamielee baker : the best
colin cooke : cool
darren stacey : great game
connor matthews : great game
anna s : boring
jp venter : addictive
brady dawkins : it's ok
a google user : hard to drive
ramon padilla : bearly started playing and once i went into the shop to buy a helmet and boots the app close on my over three times and the last time i got on it suddenly removed 50k from my money in it.
goran jozic : addicting
touqeer hassan : unfortunately this bulshit has stopped working
daniel campos : good phisics of the bike but the stunts are more thrustrating than fun. trial and error type of game, would of been more fun if it was more like 'trials fusion' game from xbox. it uses speed alot more and gives you that adrenaline feel of height and speed. but its still worth a go.best one out of all the series.
george sterba : they took this one and make it worthless. it's always connected to internet so if you have slower connections it will lag causing brain aches, even if you aren't playing against someone! also, they made it so you are forced to upgrade bikes but give little money to be earned, only bought. b.s. waste of time game.i don't mind that so much, but the lag is unreal! :(
miruna anamaria : i love playing it, the controls are all right, but 3 stars cuz its impossible to buy anything . everything is so damn expensive. thats not what a racing game should be like: earn less, spend a fortune. i mean, you make money so hard. its only 300$ per race, where you need at leat 1,600 to enter a race , and i might be stupid, but sue me : i think its not right.
dan mcarthur : i understand free to play games need to make money somehow, they use ads or microtransactions. this game does both, with a microtransaction to remove ads. fair enough. once you pay the microtransaction to remove ads and unlock the next stage, you must also pay to unlock each stage, with each stage costing more money to unlock than the last one. you could just play the free tournament, but once you have saved enough for a good bike, the free tournament is removed.
tyler : app keeps crashing after i open it. it will connect, start to load and then crash. i am using a fully updated htc one m8. i'm sure it's a great game but as of right now it's completely useless to me. i am uninstalling. will wait for an updated version.
jean cordova : the the farthest depths of the human mind lay thoughts... thoughts that can destroyed a man. i started seeing patterns, almost redundant cycles all around me. i hear people speak and it bothers me, the falsehood of every syllable... i've had enough. your lies can't gnaw my mind anymore. standing at the edge of the tallest tower i could find in la. just a step... only a single step. then i remembered the daily coin bonus, which is nice.
brandon lynchock : very addictive and the best trial bike game ive played on my phone. sometimes has levels that should focus more on jumps and obstacles rather than completely confusing driving angles influenced by annoying wind gusts, but overall a lot of fun.
jeremy : only partially a free game (like most games these days). once you finally save up 200.000 for a decent bike, you're suddenly not allowed to enter tournaments for free. kind of takes the fun out of the game a bit. not really for me anyway.
daniel wilkinson : you are always hitting your head on things and getting jammed in-between objects it is s good game but it isnt worth the stress it causes...if the courses were a little wider or something i would of given this 5stars
jake shakespeare : used to be an ace game but raced against a less powerful bike and still lost even though i had no falls the bikes were "sticking" on the boarded parts of the tracks which meant i had to use all 3 restarts and eventually give up and quit the race do not install this game if you want a fun and problem free motox app ! what absolute rubbish if the developers fix all bugs rather than focusing on asking us to email them perhaps it might just be worth reinstalling! previously had a 5* rating from me!
andy ayres : when u race for money. i had th top bike and played level 1 and still got beat complete con
kyle : horrid fu%$ing game, they could at least put you against people who are evenly matched, but instead you have to go against the best people. goodluck making coins in this sh#+hole game... pretty much forces you to buy coins.
zach baker : this game is horrible, wouldn't recommend downloading it. go for a better game like trials frontier... its 100x better than this waste of space and time
guna sekhar : when i press the accelerater for some time and after some time the bike slows down and stops,i have to lift and again press the button:'(
a google user : there is nowhere in-game to turn notifications off, and when they're turned off in app manager, the game overrides it and turns them back on. completely unacceptable
becci coakley : every stage, every screen change, an ad. the game is too hard with impossible times to beat and you constantly want us to buy / purchase. previous versions better but you have got too greedy. uninstalled.
sgt. reznov : don't waste your time in the crappy game, you can't see the track on front of you, the controlls are way to sensetive and there are some levels you can even complete because of design flaws
jeff martin : i have to pay money to race. and pay real money to unlock any levels. i loved the first two but 3 and 4 are a complete disappointment. don't waste your time.
jett pesson : i have the latest samsung galaxy note edge. every single app i have downloaded runs smooth except this one. everytime it's almost done loading it crashes and goes back to my home screen.
petr novak : just crashing during (on the end of) loading screen, to home page. i tryed several times and still the same.
craig martell : the ads dont always go off. it acts as if you pressed on the ad even if you press the cross
graeme turner : paid for the next levels, didn't receive the points and still get very annoying adverts popping up and can't even play the levels as still showing a pad lock symbol. very disappointing.
nathan jamison : i bought the extra levels but they won't work and there is still a lot of adds. can i get my money back.
a google user : it would be more fun if there's achievement levels and stuff we had on trail xtream 3
thomas baird : over priced in game purchases, obnoxious adds, takes forever to make money to upgrade. with the cost of money in the game i think creators are insane to expect that kind of money. uninstalled
a google user : this game is crap lags and doesn't jump when you hit jump and the levels are impossible to beat
pete boardman : game is periodically fast then slow, cartoon overlay looks tacky.
hma unicorn : just downloaded this beautiful high graphics game for second time! first time i played alot and it was verrrry great!! but now it just won't open and it closes after trial extereme 4 opening image... fix it guys
edin mehic : first impression game plays really well only thing that sucks is the ads if no ads i'd give you 5 stars
selfishsi : love these games. gone through them all. my favourite phone games / time wasters.
yash mishra : awesome game you can connect with any anyone by the help of facebook but the bikes are very expensive. you have to play almost 5 hours a day for 1 week to get the most power full bike which is the most important thing.
kes turner : i am so disappointed with this version. i loved tx3 but this is a step back. the controls are jerky and rubbish. i've deleted and would rather just go back to tx3 and play through again.
charwak nadgeri : this game is very intresting. but it can't jump freely because of this boy fall in head.it is hard to play
jantzen coughlin : everytime i finish a race it crashes to my home screen.... kinda lame
white sherman : great game, if you love dirtbikes getting it! although i wish you could down grade on body, if you like another body better than the ones above it
boridomy 5 : the controls are stupid the ramps are placed in random places which means you can't go over the ramps
davide : it doesnt go he take crashes and log me back to home screen.
pistol young cash : on a s5 with lollipop, try to load the game then it crashes. really want to play this it looks good
homes on the harbor : you can't play without adds coming up non stop. gets extremely annoying. also, you can only play the first pack of tracks. then you have to buy them. what kinda crap is that??? i just want a fun game to play without having to pay money and waste time with adds.
arjun rao : it us not very entertaining u have to pay money to unlock levels.other wise only 20 levels to play,which can be completed in an hour.
sevin7 : i can't even consider rating the game properly until there is an option to stop creating notifications on my phone related to this game!
christopher khalaf : every time i finish a race the game closes out and my phone goes back to the home screen. gs5 active.
thetmnt lover101 : when i jump i always get hit because when i went to this level on the docks the wooden log just hit me in the face and its so hard for me to beat it and i'm trying my best to jump as high as i could! :(
angelo munnings : looks good. stage are nearly impossible to beat on just 1 try. had to stop before i broke my phone.
gg : i understand you have to make money but the amount of adds are insulting and i refuse to pay for a game on my phone. i understand part of the problem is me but still more adds then any other game i have seen.
ahmed wazir : it should have "save me" option like the "temple run2" or the "subway surfurs" games have.
devin harding : downloaded game and it won't even open. that's 2 minutes i will never get back
nicholas bresley : i redownloaded the app 7x and it still freezes while loading!
kaylyn munsey : if you got the money to waste for this game then go for it. if everything didn't cost i would gladly re-download it. and you can only use certain bikes for certain stuff i can't stand it. i will not play again until it don't cost a arm and a leg to play it.
robert lloyd evans : htc one, not as good as the earlier versions of the game. i like the way you can play random people around the world.
i'm wolf : it's kinda fun but the levels can very difficult in some and lose money a lot.
ashwin puri : it doesn't even start on my moto g2, just crashes..
ian rawlings : can't even play it just keeps crashing and ending the game back to home screen after first load screen
gaurav agrawal : this game graphics is nice but it hangs and crashes frequently and jump button does not work properly..
paul mattox : i love the game but i wish it would not put me against the fastest bike when i'm still on the slow one how you supposed to win!!!!
lucky singh : i love this game..due to best graphics and performance. ..but drain battery faster then other games..
amrit samal : can barely see or read anything due to the black patches everywhere.
itz danny dicko dickinson : it's ok but the acceleration button stops working sometimes
scott bradley : the app won't open because it keeps pulling up an ad that won't load.
umesh singh : you can't jump freely because there is always somthing over your head...even if you cross toughest part then all of a sudden your head struck by the roof...all you have to do is drive your bike so slow so it can't take jump
daniel whiteley : duels- why don't you pay the right amount of money when i win any duel? i bet say 100000, my opponent bets the same, making a pot of 200000! yet you only pay the winner 100000 back! why?. i have logged this complaint before and you didn't respond, so no doubt you won't bother responding this time either. "don't spend any money on this game ppl".
giovanni halversen : this game is so cool, it's very challenging but it isn't too hard. i love it! go dirt bikes
anthony tsiappourdhi : great game when it loads up. i have managed to play it but now (even after restarting phone and reinstalling game) it won't load up
matthew burgner : i love it because you can go against real people
anush a : way better graphics and gameplay than trial xtreme 3!! although it would be even better if you guys add real-time multiplayer
alex virgoe : played his game and loved it now had to install it on new phone now won't connect.
matt wall : play it all the time when i'm bored at work ;) haha tough challenging levels makes it a good game :)
phoenixof might : the game plays fine, but for some reason my account shows up someone else's progress, so there is no point in playing as it has already been completed.
gnana sampanthar sam : damm this app is shitttt. when i start this app. it comes again to the home screen. damm ***** this developer is damm shittt ***** waste of 160 mb of data not even working. bull shirt ***** a good and free advice from me is not to download those game it is a waste of time ..dammm developer
abhi singh : just keeps crashing before even 1/3 of loading
emarion ware-mcneill : always lags whwn about to when the ads pop up and make me lose.do not download
alan bennett : you pay money to remove ads but it just adds more glitches
abraham kairau : algudz ov a game just the adz dat get annoying
j.m. mitterando : it's fun at first but you can't really progress and earn money unless you pay in $$
scarface40965 : don't know why everyone dislikes this game its expensive yea but it is one of the best mobile games i ever downloaded
ethan york : i put this game on today and played it for about 5 mins and it made my samsung galaxy s3 tablet crash want advice? do not waste valueable time with this stupid game!
chris l : i literally just paid for the .99 cent version and i try to play the game and it says i need to purchase it. please help! if this doesn't work, i definitely will not buy anything else.
jason k : a lot of cheaters using faster bikes on the 2500 duels.
jonathan wetz : have to pay for coins to go through the game and way to many ads
kieva day : i like the movement of the game i don't feel like a jitter bug
sandeep kumar : not able customize in offline mode and it has only one level in offline
cark : it was telling me i was getting money but i wasnt
patti mcauliffe : the graphics are amazing!however, there are a few minor glitches. other than that, this is a fantastic game!
leon wilkinson : good game but i got 60 stars. but it hasn't unlocked next level.
tyler dunn : it was doing fine when i played offline but then i decided i wanted to see what online version was like and then every time i got to the end of the course offline/online it will go to my homescreen.
thomas larkin : few bugs but over all awsome game
alexander endicott : great. all around good play fun. easy to get lost in it. great way to kill time.
bruce sejdiu : this game all ways lags
james hall : i'd give it a 5 if it didn't take so long to upgrade without paying cash
thomas mccaffery : its great and all i have fun alot on it.its just hard to get coins alot,
ryan watts : it's a good game but i die to much
sinkmaze : controls don't feel solid and it's not original enough.
samuel baddoo : great game reminds me of trial fusion and it has no glitches or problems with me works fine
raj gopal : game is very good. i like to play tournaments. i loved to make duels.
william birdwell : weak game play the concept is there but slow and buggy
anthony mays : the screen goes black and everything crashes
og_curlzz : just add a feature that let's you create maps and share them with others to play with
usidamen osas daniel : everything is ok and works fine but trial x one is still my favourite.
clemente caballero : love it, but wish there was a way we could sell bikes we don't want anymore
chris lamb : uninstalling immediately. everything about the game is unappealing. not impressed.
daniel lange gfx : pretty much the best one yet! would be awesome if you guys supported the samsung gamepad tho :/
ronald stimbert : holy crap the ads and the prompts to pay. leave me the hell alone.
neil anderson : crashes on every game at the finish line, why has this not been addressed yet ? more people would go premium if this issue was fixed.
kevin gilmartin : purchased new level twice and still unavailable!! i want my money back!
evan carr : its pretty awesome and really addictive but i don't like how u have to pay for the othe maps
shawn mergenator : really good smooth lag every once and a while
allan wilder : not paying a dollar to play a game. it's getting deleted.
smiley : i just got on and all my money was gone. help. still a good game though
lokesh gangulu : if guy if do it to us to us to of cv pic hk ppg go if do is to i'd do if u if d is so of yijjjghskfggkj jc hhhbjb
shane gonzales : worst game i have ever played in my entire life
peter yonko : its a great game doesn't glitch and plays really smooth recommended for killing time
devashish chauhan : crashes as soon as i complete the level.. please fix this because the game is real fun.. the previous one ( xtreme 3) was also a great one.. but never had a problem with that one.. please fix this bug..
gamerboss 250 : i didn't put it in the description.
mat&sara butler : keeps me entertained for hours
callum gregory : it is fun to play but it glitches when you are not on it
benjamin segui : controls can be better but overall nice game.
gamerkid373 : when i play the game it crashes every time please fiction it.
chris muroski : it's just a pretty sweet game, no glitches or anything
space monkey : good game nice to play other people and set challenges
donald beal : its funny with fails and the ghrapics are great i like the bikes
sahabi ansari : plz make at least one more level free!
mujeeb khan : just downloaded the game and it's not getting started do something about it thanks
parker watznauer : awesome game i love it! but its glitchy
maki maki maki : it's lag!!! please make it run smoothly on my phone lg optimus l7 dual p715. thanks
prabhat390 vlogs : download fails everytime i try...please fix
mr worm : everytime i get first place the game crashes.
lester keeler : was great. now i cant get past the connection screen.
dbomb przyby : this is horrible trial extreme 2 is much better
bensonboys519 : fun game, very addicting just like on xbox
kala panchal : and every time crashed
chuck rosa : game loads then crashes samsung galaxy s5
ruth hernandez : sometimes when i race faster dirt bikes i always winning!>>
bear wedlake : it is verey a verey good game it is a great time killer i love it and i hope you will to!!!...... but pleas make more bikes thanks!
david ramirez : it gets me out when it's loading to play sucks
brooke reynolds : stop stop ...crash that's all i can say
the lone adventurer : its got a nice touch to it.if i was you i would download it.
og4eyes : fix ads. don't need every 10 seconds
andrew toby : perfect no bugs great
paul russell : when you have a good thing going. ...don't mess with it. don't waste your time downloading it!!!
bill fries : just downloaded game and it wouldnt even open. just shuts down.
mochamad setiawan : very happy for the new one
charles : love it once you get used to it its fun
andre charron : i love the game and the physics are perfect. can't get enough of it
joshua caldwell : best and closest thing to the xbox version and i love love love it
joshua sayler : just loads and closes can't even do anything with it but take up space
oakridge chris : kinda sad that offline is only practice
a google user : hate that you have to pay to go forward to the next levels
michael petty : this is a well done game on a phone. samsung galaxy s4 mini.
gunner butler : controls r amazing. great gamek
sanjib boro photography : can't unlock the levels
brayden rochester : love this game. wish the other maps were free but the game play and tournaments are great.
nick gamit : this is minf bloing game
9885341635 : to , the editor and reviewer sir/ma'am i am sorry to say the game doesn't seem to work around with 5.0.1/5.1 nexus 5 ... folks pls... try to rectify as soon as possible .regards...
paul rennison : great game. played all the versions of this game and they just keep getting better.
azim.khan khan : we can play online but we can't get money
james mahoney : really fun game. competition is tough though.
devin krombach : pretty good game. a little pay to win-ish but...gotta make money somehow
robert france : some levels are impossible but all round sick
peter dampf : awesome i love it but add more bikes and levels for free!
d.j. 81 : i want to have sex with that girl
qpr 1991 : paid for some coins never got them.
reuben x : it's a good game for bike lovers and nice graphics also
evan southwick : always lags and crashes .... warning you do not get it.
josh grey : the initial progress bar seems to indicate the games readiness to crash. 162mb download, so thanks for that.
mohammad qasim : this game is very good i love this game but this game is can't be play please set the problem of the game
samuel podolsky : physics engine is perfect, graphics are perfect. overall great game.
bryan cantlin : nice tight control. hard at time to keep the front wheel down
nestor siron : too much ppl who have low add ons and i have bettrr ones they win me
mike m : good time killer.. works good on my s4
josh white : takes soo much time to get coins it gets better though when you get thurther in to the game
dalton dalton : thank you for continuing to make great games and great tech support!
ashfaq cool : not so good as trail xtreme 3
danny higdon : its a good app but it takes up quite a bit of space with a 16 gb gs5
h pee : well,this could be the best. game ever!!! it is soo adictive and really fun to play! you can also go against other people. slight problem is all the adds and to get 2.5 million is a bit pricey but overall a great game!!!!!
wesam aboul hosn : crashes straight up.
isaac sao : u people is not true grow up it is awesome
conor reid : it a good challenge a bit hard but i liked it
nabeel ahmed : trail xtraime 3 is better than 4
nessa baez : asom c chic wc c.f. wcw high wcw i
drew gonzalez : its a good game but some of the levels r hard
raj kothari : i love it very much
wtmb blaze : this game is very creative and keeps you coming back for more
aliraza mujeeb : i love it nice game and smooth graphics
robert schmidt : this is a very well made and fun to play game! i love it!!!
william mize : opens but during loading it crashes.
trevor portell : this game is as some you should get it
sam wilko : so realistic to be honest best dirt bike game out there
s u c c giver : hope you guys make another trial extreme
anonymous unamed : its awsome but when you have no internet you have to play offline and i hate that
matthew hale : nothing special going on in the game. quite dull
luke marino : freezes phone, and overheats. junk!
avante campbell : is a good game i love the game so much
jeff dughman : is just a bunch of awsome
off road machines : its cool! its so fun
jacques stroh : issue sorted somehow
gibby levy : this game makes me so fu**king mad. it's a waste of time. don't bother getting it.
bethany mellville : i love this game so much its so much fun and addicting
brad folan : like that abit off a change
lee coco crazy : this game is amazing first of when i just started it gave alto of money
ammy khan : why it close when i play bloody crap fix it plzz!!!!
nightcore passing : the people who made this are bad kids.
avianne peterson : fuego why yall talkin bout to much ads it was kinda dope
thomas villarruel : just good game to pass the time and great graphics
poncan braga : please fix it very very bad!
yvonne swaney : i love this game like no other !
a google user : worst p.o.s game ever
anosh samuel : hey i am not getting my daily bonus. what happened to it..... please fix it
kieran doherty : good game, nice how you can challenge friends
nik marwan : but it better if u give us all the map free
xander martel : love it best graphics ever and more better than the last one awsome i give this 5 star i get to upgrade different parts and bikes
yashdeep raghuwanshi : this game is the the best the graphics r also cool but there are lot of ads about offers and why cant i play it offline ?? if its corrected then it will have 5 stars
matt seablood : it helps pass the time. fun and customizable bikes.
tyrese roman : this game brought me to a new friendship and now i have to uninstall it good bye old friend
cain james : a great game...deserve s a million stars
nil null : forget restore purchases if you are a crack flasher like me. use tibu or else your purchases are gone! i got ripped off by the dev.
pedro blas : it's like trails hd in xbox 360
nolan hannam : make more! what i mean is more bikes or anything
dr. yogesh yadav : very poor this time ..i irritated to download huge file of this game....
heriberto lemus : this is something you might wanna try.
tommy ridley : doesn't even load just crashed as soon as i opened it
thelollaughs : love it wish you didn't have to pay for the extra stages
leon board : really good make more levels please
isaiah hall : its cool i'm a black kid and i still like it
chris king : keeps sending me back to the home screen after i get to the finish line
tony pemberton : can even play just going back to home screen
durvank deorukhkar : cant start the game its crashing every time when i start
aditya upreti : i have never played a game like this
shontel thomas : i loved the game like so much
andrea welsh : your guide ledy looks sexy
natsu draganal : this game is cool no problems at all
denny arteaga : this game is awsome keep up the good work
arham s.k mohammed : but it takes so much of time for loading
i'm a crazy bastered 1 : best app on android ever
old : harder than it should but its fun
drew duggan : the best phone game ever
justin hudgins : awesome must have app
marina ulysse : awesome i beat a lot of people.
a google user : this is so much better than any other motorcycle game because it shows how to create your own stuff
dylan archer : great game but i can't play it because of adverts
19epiphany : just a good physics game
galaxy agent : its a good game. you can do tricks like a backflips and a frontflips. so i like it because there is competitions, duels, and races for free. get it now its a good game, adicted game, and fun too!!!!!!!!!!!! # trail extreme # like trail fusion :) !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
earthson xaviour : it doesnt exit the loading screen when i run the application
eddie lamkin : it's the best game ever
aaron lombard : awesome just wish the bikes where cheaper
the dude : works great on a galaxy s5 running lollipop 5.0
rajath ajith : a game worth playing.
keegan lancaster : good game but a little slow at times
gutterguppy : cant play game just crashes.
dan saxe : cool physics
jessica evans : i do motor cross and this is a good game
soumik ghosh : nice but trial xtreme 3 was much much better
mosi vardhan : i love this game very much
brandon : so addicting and a great way to pass time
dj piorkowski : not a complete pile some what addicting
shellie crane : i beat the whole game
antonio zendejas : this is a awesome game make mor
stewart padgett : ok but can have more bike
sarfaraz shaikh sadik : but not full pack free
kano : better geaphics and i like the player point system
seth patton : always put five likes
syahrul fitri : i give 5 star to you
sean longworth : can't even connect what a waste of time
joe mitchell : the bike,s at really good
austin polson-wabie : worth the download 110%
arundhaty mukherjee : this game is awesome. works properly.
ken gutkowski : i stopped getting daily bonuses for playing. what happened?
ben dover : when i try to uninstall it the tab just shuts off
eddie ivey : keeps restarting itself will not let me finish a tournament
muhammad arslan siyal : graphics are not so solid
aiden short : i got this game and it was epic
doug swanson : it won't open...shut my phone off, force close nothing.
dr expl0sion : pretty good game. needs work though
xxraging stormxx : this is amazing , great graphics and an amazing play
najmi chaudhri : nice but trial extreme 3 is better
luke baude : surely you don't have to pay to get to the next level? oh wait you do! who would spend money on an app on someone's phone...
elting rowdee : thank u
captainwaffles23 : easy and fun to play
spongebob609 jp : i kind of like the rackdoll
djbrandywine gaming ps4 : way better then the others
lord deinch : i lost this game
benjamin gilbert : its great
miracle adams : takes the longest fall ever
bikash patra : good game and good graphics
josh standeford : paid for construction pack i got the google play store receipt right away but no pack or coins
eric vanbuskirk : note 4 ,runs great,very fun,good grafics,sometimes a lil tough.
joe angel : it doesn't crash like you motherf*ckers it works like a awesome *sshole!!!
kevin macdonald : ad, ad, ad... pathetic. game is now unplayable since last update.
noah wyckoff : i can race a lot of people
jahvyd jah : this game sucks its slow and too hard to play!!
lamar brandon : because you can get new clothes,new shoes, new bikes and new helmet, and upgrade your bike and you can challenge friends around the world
ryan : more of an online racer if u really want roo make money in it
latasha muse : this game so fun
joshua g : everybody should get this game
jordyn campbell : it's awesome i love it.
solomon ofoaiye : why am i not allowed to use my best bikes on duels but my opponent can???
joel khan : the best in the world
stone brogan : constant crashing. can't play.
lizord : why can't i just play the game!!!!! i don't have 4 dollars to spend on a game!!!
wyatt parsons : cant see the bike or the train carts just black and because of this it blocks out the entire menu screen i can never see where i am going because the entire coarse you ride on is solid black
nishith thakkar : plays smooth, responsive controls, good physics engine....
allan wombwell : bad game dont load properly almost spent 70p dont sound much but if i had i would of got riped off because of the adverts from amazon stopping the game from being playd
sammy davis : awesomeness.
sxrthcxsm : greatest game ever played!
wayne sherman : $#@% love this game
nikhil ch : it's good to play .....but the camera is not constant its shaking .....
sudarshan sawant : nice game!! specially graphics
michael riley fisk sgt. fisk : this doesn't even work fix it!!
drew leonard : i have been playing for a short time, but so far its one of the best games on the market..!!=*****
mirandee drube : this game is so cool my kids love it!!!!!
fisherman friends : game suck!!don download trus me ppl...
jirayu ninlapun : i having connect to wifi , 4g . but, it shown no internet connection. why?
roshan acharya : iam using apple device,how can sync with android phone
a google user : very interesting game.
martin oldfield : ok this game is terrible
skylar james : dumbest thing in the world
quentin lucas : that a good game with good graphics
anthony w : the game is stuck on "connecting" . i've uninstalled it and reinstalled and it's the same???
ludwig cowley : i like, needs a bit more in offline mode to do to make cash
tj the rc guy : great games very fun! :-p
yusup diva pratama : it really awesome game....
joshua aldrich : great game.
james macneil : new update was amazing good work
chad higgins : great game!
jacobi debose : its fun to play when u r bored
loris myatt : it's a great game
trey wood : this game is horrible
troy carlson : bomb addicting games
dawson niemuth : love the game!
noah vasquez : cool
a google user : it's works real fine to me...
knucklehead garage : it's good for passing time......
a google user : again...awesome!!
melanie torres : nice n easy to play
dylan chellayee : very nice game
elite boy!!!!!!# : the motor girls sexy
phyllida wareham : it is a good game
matthew elliott : excellent game to pass the tym
dan ripley : great game
hydee saso : good and cool
greg brooks : so fun with max everything
carter murray : so fun love this game
shane cooke : not bad for a time filler
d. ferguson : people must be easily amused
saud alshaali : thanks for the resolution
jesse waddams : so awsome
camron mangum : it's great
kathy nez : coolest game ever
umair shaikh : good game for multiplayer
stevenson : fun game to pass the time
animetiddies07 : awsame and fun butt raging
bhargav gosai : hate it
bharath surya : great game
jonathan padron : pretty good game
wayne marskell : highly addictive
steven hughes : ace game
kyle robillard : love the game
abasmadaraka madaraka : it a cool game
tonny kristie : exciting game
sri vishnu : graphics good
shaun dobbs : love trials
daniel bombola : very gud perfect
sanjay singh : i love this game
leonardo palacios : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kingnique : racing,racing and racing !!!!!
dadi hermansyah : resolition ok
xz35 : too hard to get money
felicia perez : it wont connect
nick syverson : hard to get money
stacey dunn : it is a ok game
alejandro anguiano : its awsome
mc clarridge : awsome game
robert delavara : the greatest
woodson corbett : pretty good
atif hameed : addicting
luke chubbs : soooo addictive
watchala kilapoo : great game
bladen powell : the best
seneca sweeney : mad as love it
cordell johns : pretty good
melissa rodriguez : it cool
hassan shakoor : great game
jeremy russell : pretty good
roger _010 : cool
irish labayog : super easy
fritz p. : great game
jonathan barreto : love this game
john baker : to many ad's
david bennett : great game
yasin akbari : hate it
renee blaha : horrible
harel sambo : cool
aadi asad : classy
sarmad syed : addictive
santhosh g j : it's awseome
keshon rodgers : cool
avarey newman : cool
farhan andika : cool
fish 7 : cool
emanual martin : cool
nathaniel bouttell : cool
ashley k : in one-one play,some people's bikes are having physics defying jumps(possible hack).even with the highest upgrades it isn't possible.
javs me : it's ok
carter tucker : please
josh n : asweome game
raheel nasir : what a game
ashvin ghugare : owsome
jonny read : nice game, plenty of levels to progress through and long term goals with the superior bikes. worth buying extra levels to make saving for the bikes easier. nice game
raghzb : trial extreme 3 was better than this. i was such a badass in trial extreme 3. i could finish a level in like 2 mins. in tx4 the riders head keeps bangin onto things and just tests my patience. only 1 star for making me so disappointed.. uninstalled within 2 hours
tony edinger : game was entertaining for the first few races, but once they added more to the tracks it started to get crowded, the jump button does almost nothing along with the brakes, the only time i would die is because i would need to slow down and the brakes would hardly do anything. if i could 3 1/2 stars.
steve drew : kind of fun. i don't know how to win coins to upgrade. i've been racing the same track to try to win coins and figures the more 8 upgrade, the more my odds will be to win. with each upgrade, the opponents get better. i win on average 1 out of 4 races. i also can't find the free duel that was added in update. i wish there was someone that can give me a little insight on how to advance in this game.
dan fisher : good game till the advert that pops up at the start stopped me playing. the x in the corner doesn't work and if you press back on your phone it just exits the game and then you go back on and the ad pops up click the x it sends you to google play to download whatever app is advertised. the word's sell out spring to mind!!! sort it out i might change my rating.
keir bandy : it has too many problems. tilt controls are not sensitive enough and are delayed. very first run my tire no-clipped into an object and got stuck. and the x on ads are so small i can't close them it just opens play store. sadly, i'm uninstalling.
maroon spider : does not work the bike only is extreme not the character delete from play store right now demedya.the character gets killed to easily, so this brand is very violent content.i crashed 697 times in 21 minutes.it should go into the world record of c crashing so many times.remove from play store universe.
joe ryan : screw this freemium crap, i'm not wasting endless real money on games. i'll gladly pay $5 for a good game with no in app purchases. hey, the gameplay and physics aren't too bad but this game will nickel and dime you to death if you don't have 23 hours a day to play it.
tyler wilsey : tourneys participated in and duels just keep disappearing without any win or lose info. duels i know i have won just magically go bye bye and lose all funds earned. uninstalling shortly. the big bs is some players can use whatever bike they want wherever. you don't get to though. that is serious gaming bs. accelerator just stops on its own too quite frequently.
wes prichard : way to hard to earn currency. tracks are to crowded with jumps and stuff. if you ever want to upgrade be prepared to use your credit card. with the pricing of parts and upgrades the winnings should be more or the prices should be cheaper for upgrades and bike. when you race you will never be able to drive and keep up like you see the ghost bike do.
patrick crawford : this new trails extreme may as well be called money milk extreme because you have to pay to race!!! the only way you can get money without waiting is by paying the rip off prices for coins. and the races are extremely hard and unfair once you get to construction site. do not download this horrible game.
nathan hodge : fun game, but the tournament settings suck. you can't practice a level before you run it, but if and when you crash, you either lose 2 seconds on your opponent or have to pay the entry fee to restart. and if you want to run it again to try to better your time, you have to pay another entry fee. by the time you get a decent time on a track, youve spent so much in coins that the purse isnt even worth it. either build us an option to practice the track, or make restarts free and i'll re-install.
jessee hayes : this game was awesome at first. however, as i kept playing, i ran out of free tracks to race, and the races became more challenging, to a point where, in a duel, it would pit me against much faster racers than me, so i could never win a race, thus making me pay money to advance. i soon began to look at each and every obstacle with frustration rather than fun. anyway, this game is great fun for the first couple of hours, and if you are willing to either pay or spend many hours playing, it can be awesome.
kurt french : would be really fun but the only way to make money to buy the faster bikes, upgrades etc is to beat other players in tournaments and duels. which would be fun but u have no chance of competing with the players that bought game money unless u buy game money which is kinda expensive. if u had an option to where beginners could play other beginners for decent money then we would have a chance to work our way up and keep playing.
spectate drake : first of all, this game is perf. all these bad reviews saying its slowing your phone down and what not is crazy. my battery is perf, i have the google nexus 4 btw and there's no lag, choppy gameplay or lagging of my phone. my phone is not even hot. i like this one! >:)
jarek crossley : you can't earn money unless you race someone else and people with fully upgraded bikes farm the lower levels so you need upgrades to compete, you need money for upgrades, and you need to win to earn money but you lose because their bike is twice a fast as your's. then you lose what little money you have if i could race with out losing money it wouldn't be as big a deal but when i lose money to farmers 3 times my level. justgah
marc dale : i like the game, tracks need a bit of work, no crouch option still, bigger bikes are too expensive and there isn't enough free to enter tournaments. biggest issue is that it needs a connection to server which seems to be down for maintenance a lot. bummer when you fancy a quick race
matt stitz : i've played every trials. obsticles too low always falling off bike and losing races due to it, can't win money from playing online cause everyone online has upgraded bikes making me loose more money so i can't upgrade. can't even win any money offline. was very fond of trials until this version.
nael ouab : this game is pretty good but it made me rage so hard i had to uninstall it. the levels were poorly designed and the controls are way too sloppy. plus, that multiplayer gambling system (if you win you gain coins and if you lose the you lose coins) is not fun and too skill based. it's overall an ok game that needs modifications.
jeremy malone : pretty cool game but it does have alot of bad things that need to be fixed! the jump button (preload) button doesn't work most of the time! and the breaks only work when you only need to slow down a little bit instead they bring you to a complete stop! the game would be alot more fun if the problems would be fixed!
stephen michael : this shouldn't be a rage game, but it sure is. repeating levels 100+ times just to go a little further and having the rider fall off from barely bumping his head or his leg bumping something behind you and falling off...it's irritating.
mackenzie roseboom : original wrote a bad review of this game and i apologize. it's easy to get coins and the customer support from deemedya is fast and amazing. the multiplayer is a fantastic and fun feature. i don't like how a street motorcycle is the best bike in the game and the game is a trails game. but other the that it's great. good work
gopher shredder jr : to everyone that says its to hard and the tracks are to complicated, that's what makes it fun. a lot of the tacks have multiple routs and its fun to try and figure out which is fastest. cool to play other people on a random pre programmed way to try and improve time and get coins. the only really annoying thing is when you barely tap your head on something you crash...wtf is the helmet for. fix that.
jack tidey : they only respond to negative feedback, if i could i'd give it a zero based on support alone. crashed three times in forty five minutes, the glitches they say are normal are abundant to say the least, and if you try to duel someone and "oops something went wrong" and you're out the money you bet. all this after i paid to play, play the first five tracks before you pay anything, you'll see what i mean. it's been days since i emailed support and nothing, waste of time and money.
christopher smith : what happened the.controls are totally different and you can't flip as much as 3. you guys had a good thing going but this one sucks sorry guys, go back and play three and look at the difference. totally different game. thumbs down this sucks
jeremy finley : made a purchase just now for 4.99. the ads are still there and i don't have my coins. give me my coins or refund my purchase, please. plus, the game wont connect half the time. 1 star until fixed. edit: have emailed them twice and it's been several days. the problem is not fixed. i'm about to contact google.
mark skewis : as the title says it's addictive but very glitchy... the buttons don't always respond and every now and then during races/tournaments weird things happen...like the back wheel vanishing, getting stuck in mid air or just getting a message at the end of a race saying something went wrong...but you don't get you money back if something goes wrong so it could ruin days/weeks worth of playing :-/ ... and lastly... this game will drain your battery fast
chris rouse : i would give this game 5 stars except for one huge flaw. when the game matches you for each stage it is incredibly unbalanced. constantly get matched against people with faster bikes and fully upgraded bikes. what a joke. and to earn any money in the game without forking out huge amounts to buy a quicker bike takes freaking forever. even after you compete in daily tournaments and get your daily dose of coins. sorry but i would recommend staying away until they drop the price of bike and make it more fair.
brandon i : as if it wasn't hard enough to finish a level without crashing there are bombs everywhere the tilt is so sensitive that u can't control it i spend more time watching the load screen then riding it does nothing but pis me off
r. carreiro : only played about 30-40 min so far. but what i have played is great.....or it might just seem great because i just broke up with my girlfriend for being a complete f-ing d-bag! well she sucks so bad that doing or dealing with anything after having to live though the obsessive torment and control freak she always tried to be makes things like i was saying. every thing else in comparison just seem awesome. april guess what? you suck! lol
aaron lachberg : i create a duel and then oops something went wrong and i would loose my money. no duel and no money... you guys owe me some coinage if you want me to keep playing. i want too so let's go. i was about to unlock one of the courses but then realized i need paid 1st.
adam d'urso : the option of competing in time trials against other players accross the world is a great one; sadly the cost (in in-game currency, easily accumulated without actual cost) of entering the competitions means for the vast vast majority of players only a couple of attempts at each competition makes financial sense. hence the most interesting competition is the free one where times are tight and competiton intense! it would make much more sense to charge an 'entry fee' to each competition and allow unlimited goes once that is paid. other than that gripe it's a fun and addictive game.!
chris lyons : so if like me you are just coming to trials now, don't bother. everyone one already has better bikes then you that are so out of your price range that you won't win anything anyway.
jesse lee : game promotes hacking. many opponents fly through the level defying physics, need better security. also have to spend money to get decent equipment. waste of time and money, not sure where the ratings come from. take my $1 and spit in my face trial extreme
shaun croft : can you guys test out your stuff before putting it in the game. your retarded elevators are next to impossible to get onto. i've been trying for over 15 minutes now and it had drained all enjoyment from the game at this point. would it have really been that difficult to put a ramp on the front of it? or is the fun supposed to come from the 15 minutes of struggling...
rob lecuyer : i did rate 5 stars but now it mixed up my account and i tried to duel people and it kept saying there was an error and every time it took away 10000 coins i lost 40000 coins over some stupid error. and now there's a bunch of duels saying i'm dueling my self!!
rohan venn : this series was great, now its a fremium cash cow. clunky racing, confusing menus, nasty physics. trial extreme 1, 2 and winter were far far better before they ruined them too. wont be back.
richard jennings : don't know why people are pulling this down,its sweet on my s3 mini. its a phone game, you want anything else get a gaming pc and play trials evolution gold by red lynx.props to developer.
jay m : congratulations you unlocked a new offer, no i didnt its a advert for another game. and i'm forced to click no thanks to continue and the no thanks button is placed on top of the add, pressing the back button closes the app. i'm no developer but i don't think your allowed to force people to click ads to continue in your app. very shady shame because tx3 was the bomb i was more than happy to pay for tx4 but 1st impression has put me right off, so back to tx3.
robert howie : starts off "giving" you 20000 extra coins and sends you to a purchase screen. dont get money fast enough.
jalen white : cant purchase anything i purchased to coin pack and it said thank you for your purchase and i didn't get my coins.
allison morey : this game is really fun but anytime i try to play a window pops up for me to download another game and it won't stop popping up. it won't let me play the game. start to get me really irritated. about to delete this game if you don't fix this.
liam cawsey : i like the game but without putting in real money its hard to get coins. yeah i can do tournaments and race people but half the time their bikes are so good i lose and end up worse off !!! you can't replay levels for coins either so what other options do you have but to pay !!! oh and if you want more level guess what you have to pay, they should unlock once you get a certain amount of stars. would be a great game had they not made it impossible to progress without paying.
petardh1997 : the game is awesome, but seriosly i have to pay for adittional level packs? and its unfair in free4all tournament that everyone can be part of, put some bike restrictions ffs, its impossible to get coins at the beginning.... and sometimes it crashes so i loose all coins for starting a race... and not to mention that front wheel ocasionally gets stuck in ramps and i cant do anything... and then there are laggs... thats why u wont get 5 stars
a google user : although it's not a great game, it's playable to an extent. however, it gets extremely repetitive very quickly, which hinders the longevity of what could have been a good game - if only it was executed better. ultimately, it's a game that doesn't measure up to its competitors.
kyle marshall : its so dumb i spent money in game and it didn't give me my tokens and the mechanics a stupid hate it
aaron fluhman : the game is fun but it's sucks that you have the next stages. you should be able to unlock the the next stage when you finish the previous one.
ridhaan bhartia : i played this game on my moto e and it is working perfectly and the
graphics are also great. no crash issues just now but i am facing a save
problem in which whenever i go online with this game, my saves which are on
offline mode are all wiped out. please fix this problem or issue. but
overall thanks for the game.
joe payne : good game like the controls but i'm not happy with how difficult it gets after the first stage. should add another level that's more fun with high flying long jumps no fans though
brad hyde : it is great but when time is key having to keep slowing down to avoid low obstacles overhead does take the edge off. but still five stars. bugs glitches slowdown none. great game play with great sound. why can't other game makers do this thank you more please...
animesh 22 : awesome gaming experience after asphalt if we compare graphics but as for in the field of bike racing,it's unmatched.
big live'd : i played trials on xbox 360 and i loved it and i love this one too but it does get pretty hard in fact level 13 of the train yard is stuped hard. but other than that i blow through the rest oh and ad a bike like a peddle bike like in that new xbox trials that would be great and if you can make it free.
z3r0 w3lch : not much has changed about this game. its got its good points, yet saying that i feel theres much more potential within this game to be much more then it currently stands.
tom wagstaff : was great the first time i went on it, however every time i go on it now there's this advert that pops up and is impossible to get rid of. i click the cross and it just takes me to the app store, this happens everytime so is impossible to play therefore i am uninstalling
keagan bester : not quite as responsive as trial 3, but still a great game. would be nice to add a cash bonus for tricks or air time
adam fpv : i got addicted to all the other games before this and this one is just even better. works really well on the m8. can't put it down. well done devs.
konings fam : wtf the 3rd ome was waayy netter than this thing. also, it's extremely laggy on this device. i really liked your other ones, so please fix
joseph : have to pay a lot of money if u even want a chance to win. save yourself some aggrivation and don't install. trust me. and now i uninstall
francois divorne : so you pay for no adds, buy some coins and you still have to pay for the next levels. greedy geeks! could be a 5 stars game if developpers weren't so greedy. start hating those so called free games.
tom tom : i have trouble with game.i paid for construction levels unlocking.so money been taken, but its still locked to play. help
josh walczyk : good game. but last week the game restarted somehow and cleared my saved data and wiped out my purchases. was not able to recover anything
paulyt95 : i remember playing 2 and thinking it's terrible, all they need to do to make this better, is have more fitting sounds for the engines, they all sound like 2 strokes on a 4 stroke engine and the characters all dress like tony hawk proskater 2 characters haha, bleek, but the game is great, 5 starts.
braulioelian hernandez : great entertaining game. east way to get distracted. just a plain out great game. i recommend you download it.
david tatishvili : using the goldfinger v9 rom on my galaxy s4. i just downloaded it and the game won't even turn on. it crashes at the loading menu and i have to force close it. fix this.
cole herrin : on my htc one m7 the game loads up to a frame before the main menu and stops. the main menu never shows and i cannot access the game. i cannot even play the game.
hank repke : this game is almost completely driven by the pay to win mechanic. if you dont like pay to wins (and i dont know anyone who does) this is not the game for you.
zac crossland : its really fun playing this game but i'm not keen on it because when you are offline you can't customize like a offline rider and a offline bike so if they make this possible i will rate this game five star but unfortunately its going to be a four star rating from me
joseph manenti : game is fun to play, but i paid the special offer .99 cents at the beginning, got my 40,000 coins, then when i entered the shop, all of it was gone.
coin ops : sorry its just not very good. the movement is too abrupt. shouldnt have a spring button either, holding back should give spring.
omer cohen : im having problem playing more than 10 minutes. after 10 mins the game get stuck and needs to restart.. im using meizu mx4 pro. thanks
graham marsh : not sure why there's so much inarticulate bitching about this game, i've played them all and it seems like a natural progression to the series. i've not hit the paywall yet but so far great game. still has traditional aspects like creepy player animations and artistically excellent but geometrically wrong title screen (bike front wheel!) but these are minor points.
sean wallis : i hate it when games only give you a set amount of levels before you have to pay. i was just getting into it abit more and finished the first 20 levels but then i had to pay to unlock the next set. so annoying
dj conner : only a few ways to get money and the game popped up clash of clans in an add for me to download it and wouldn't let me progress unless i did. no x button and couldn't go back the app closed. even force stopped app uninstalled immediately.
paul : downloaded the game and a screen pulls up saying server down for maintenance. great just great. exactly what i want when i download a game. other reviews are probably honestly true... my advice is not to waste your time and phone's memory with this game.
ie david pramono : i've bought the one time offer which doubled the first 20000coins that i get and ads removed. it has charged me on playstore but in the game it said purchase failed. i only get the 20000+ coins and terrible ads are still there, please help... it would be a great game.. 5 stars if you fix it. thanks.
phillip bary : i like how u are not required to pay to get new bikes. though u can i just think it ruins my own personal gameplay.
caleb white : you have absolutely no way of telling what is ahead of you. you also will wreck unrealistically, and don't even get me started on how unfair racing others can be.
amol thorave : grafics are awesome .best game in range but stucks sometime in my redmi note 3g
ben : was hoping everyone was wrong because i like these games, but nope they were right. just a very poorly made game that glitches a lot. uninstalling
phoenix ormond : a problem occurred with a one time offer/deal, where i payed for in game currency but they fixed it no problem
james worrall : i really enjoyed this game but often the server is down for maintenance around 3 times a day. time to uninstall
chef ogasawara : 5 out of 10 times i do the same start and it causes me to fall off the bike. unequal matching. i played all the other trial extremes and best them, i love them. but this one i play 5 out of 10 levels on the first set and i am being beat by over 10 seconds.
chris allen : trial xtreme folks always seem to improve upon what i consider to be the perfect boredom annihilator! to say that it's addictive would be quite the understatement. i find myself becoming angry when i have to put it down to tackle menial tasks like eating, sleeping, or going to work! lol!
jaden rusch : you should unlock all of the levels and not make us but them, but good game otherwise
cavy 737 : good concept. rip off. they force you into spending money. i never spent money but if you don't you can't learn the levels to rave everyone
joel sutherland-smith : fun game that is challenging but you run out of coins pretty. quick then you it asks you to do stuff to get coins. i feel dirty lol
mike gallagher : killer game!!!! however, purchases are absolutely insane...the best bike costs a half million coins so your options are to scrape around winning a couple thousand coins at a time or buy the coins needed to upgrade, the 49.99 package only give 480,000 and the next package for 99.99 is one million coins. are you kidding me wtf are you people thinking? has anyone ever paid that? why not offer a purchase price for the whole game or at least make it possible to attain that amount of money on less than 6 months.
sebastian fancutt : i loved the game, a bit hard to earn money. one day i was playing fine the next one everything was gone, i would start all over again but i won't because it might happen again. good luck with your game deemedya:(
samuel marks : game is great, i'd rather be able to play offline though - isn't travel friendly at all.
fidel aranda guimet : but sometimes when i open it, the advertisement pops up bugged, screen goes full yellow and it only directions me here. fix it and i'll change the rating.
rupam mandal : this game is really a turn down. it keeps connecting when i have a strong connection, could even play a single race.
luke parkes : i don't know what is so bad with thus game it works fine on my moto g
dennis costomiris : it's really crappy they make you get money by winning races but constantly pit you against a bike 2 classes above yours. at least give me a chance by putting me up against the same bike.
mathew j : 'cause after a certain point you won't be able to make any progress if you suck at this game, without paying money.
varun goyal : plz give me solution of this problem game is not running .. it's worst thingi had ever seen after downloading a such a big app .. plz hive a solution immediately it's a reqst from me to u
rashid matin : it crashes my nexus 6 to the point of reboot after playing the game for like 25-30 minutes. only happens with this app. a fix would be great
rab wilson : greedy bastards just want you to pay then pay sum more. game plays better than 3 no single player sucks
mark wallace : every time i finish stage 5 the game exits, so annoying. please fix as could be a great game. (galaxy s4 user)
kevin poncel : love playing this game. the only problem i've had was playing every day and not getting my daily coins.
eric mumper : this game is for the trials brand, what the cimarron is for cadillac. poor craftsmanship. had potential, but was definitely rushed
akash verma : its not better than trial xtreme 3. tx3 is much better than tx4. so please
improve to graphics and levels and also gameplay of this.
will jansen : consistently freezes after playing a couple maps. will not allow me to start playing again until i restart my phone. freezes during the loading screen.
brian roach : shocking, lucky i didn't pay for that money. uninstalled never using again . don't purchase credit because it can go very easily
badboy20400 : there is too many loading screens and the jump button does nothing and the control layout is wired but it is fun unless you die and have to wait for it to load. also the items that you can buy are too expensive.
tomas deane : unable to play game at all, shows loading screen then comes back to main screen, don't even get to play
keffer fotheringham : it was amazing. then it got updated and now every screen change it forces you to the play store. it's a shame that you can't even play quality free games any more with out being forced to adds
hendo.dun.dealgan : great gameplay, lots of fun even without spending any money. very similar to trials hd and trials evolution
jason prock : really makes you work to get through the levels. absolutely love that. unfortunately, you have to buy into the next level. not sure why that is. otherwise a fun game and great time burner.
joshua b : it's fun and challenging. very well designed. pass the first round and pay for the rest.
benson fung : the graphics is so good, the physics is excellent, best game ever. highly recommend this game
sports master : this game is so addidtive and fun.it is one of the best games i have ever played in my life.best game ever.
john kelly : too hard, once you get to the building site, the other bike races off, if you try the same speed you crash every time, uninstalled.
thomas huddleston : its a good game but the controls r all jacked up and makes it hard to control. if the controls worked correctly i'd give 5 stars easily
joel brown : some of the graphics aren't supported on my phone and are silhouetted though samsung samsung galaxy young 2
harrison ty gleed : i'm going destroy everything you love for creating such an abomination of a game.
grant hinde : play one level. rest are pay to play. i would rather pay a one time fee.
hiram young : finally got up to 100,000 coins. entered tournament for 100,000 got disconnected before i could even race and lost it all. done with it!
ian sienes : don't like how you need to race "online" in order to get the next places.. other than that its decent
bo martin : had an issue with getting a new phone and google didn't transfer over credits and achievements and the customer service max took care of it a.s.a.p
darren murphy : trial extreme 3 seems like a much more complete version than this. there were actual challenges to get over obstacles and the bike control was a lot smoother. i gave te3 a 5 star rating. i don't really understand why this one has changed so much in dynamics?
karo davies : everything is a little expensive, the acceleration button doesn't always work in duels which costs you a bunch of coins
matt p : look.. it's fun but definitely not trials. also i'm sick of losing my coins trying to start a duel. if your servers fail, give me my fu.ck.ing money back
joe dugan : there are dozens of areas in the first ten levels that if you tilt your character will stand up and decide to smack his head on some steel and make you crash. also to get the third star on every map you have to gamble your credits, and usually i find that my opponant had his bike already fully upgraded and i'm left behind in the first five seconds. the only thing that saves this game is that you get a daily bonus and the tournaments are easy to place in to at least get 2,000 to 5,000 credits.
donald glover : the tournaments and duels are good competition! stack your coins to upgrade your bike and customize your rider, but keep a few thousand coins to enter some comps.
anurag ramshetty : interesting game with different stages and 4 different locations with increased difficulty level, but the only disappointing thing is that the remaining 3 locations are not free. we will have to buy them for 2$ each.
a google user : beautiful but it's pretty lame i can't play the other levels unless i pay come on guys let me play the other levels without you taking my money please yoy already use my data what more do you need!
ricky love : paid for canyon track pack three times.. took my money each time yet its still locked..
nora beard : the third game was much better. it was much easier to navigate and the levels were much better. also i bought it and this is the second time i have had too download because it stopped working
rami yalda : i like this game and thought it was amazing until i got to the point where i realized you guys force people to buy new episodes with real money...that's just pathetic.
jesse unick : i know this game is a free,and your company needs to make money, but it's impossible to make any money grinding. and because of that, i would,not spend any money.
joey grip : cant make money with out blindly gambling your own money away. full of ads
internet user : sort of fun for an hour or two till you realize it is going to cost you for every new batch of levels. game mechanics need work. not nearly as good as hill climb racing.
tommy long : disclaimer, i've played all versions on all my devices. i'm loving the better graffics , the dramatic camera angles.
milo harrisson : this is far less buggy than the old version and actually a really fun game. but i warn you now, there is no way to play this without spending a lot. the other competitors are far too good that it pairs you with, they have obviously spent loads on their bikes because they just pull away on the flat. i'm not willing to spend more than say a fiver on a phone game, but to compete on this you'd need to spend 20+. greedy devs are ruining phone games. micro payments should be micro!! the top package on this is$200
jason preston : difficulty increased too quick. i hit my head a lot and couldn't come close to competing in tournaments. couldn't earn money fast enough to upgrade before it got too difficult to play anymore. great graphics and i did fine with the tilt control.
steven : --edit: did the destructing bridges and its ability to hurt the rider, same with the barrels. i will add the stars back when you fix the issues that make the races unfair!!!
tim kelly : continuously crashes on me. every 5 or so restarts, it crashes and i have to restart the program.
dejan suhadolc : how the hell can a duel that i created be expired before the duel even started. + it ripped me for the money i had to pay to start the duel.
farhan kakar : its hard to make coins for free.so i can not upgrade my bike.please make upgrades for free n i will pay for tournaments. best game ever 5 star :)
john berthiaume : it doesn't work any more. it worked fine after i installed it, then after i restarted my phone it won't start. i just get a black screen.
marquis jenkins : its a good game just sux that you only get one city.. unless u pay for it and i'm not doing that.. and the bikes are expensive.. its crazy
huzayfah ilyas : download all of the trials xtream games 1,2,3and4 i bet you won't be able to finish them off
ewan c : enjoying the game very much, but it sucks that you have to pay to unlock things...
keegan b : no glithes love tjat it is easy to level up and get money fast. that makes it not boring spending all your time just trying to get money. lonve the game awsome
cory campbell : ive played all the trials games and this is the 1st tine the graphics suck. the bike rider and objects are all black the menus get blocked by black objects. and this is after installing and reinstalling
sean bartholomew : please fix lag. i'm sure its not my tablet, i reset it and only had this app on my tablet and it still lagged. i also have 4 bars on wifi. please help
craig : i have paid twice to unlock the second level only to find i still have ads and the level is still locked...
brett ahlstrom : the first version of this game is most fun. ive found all of the others only to be good only for 3 to 6 courses before they got too frustraing to enjoy. uninstall
dave anderson : i think this game is cool. because you get to do a lot of competitive stufe. i just can't wait to see what trial extreme 5 will be like.
al c : alot of bugs to get out. and spend money to win is a very flawed premise.
joe morrison : before the game loaded i was asked to purchase. now that i am in the game it's asking for 4for 2/3rd of the game. not impressed
shaun gethen : this is no where near as good as the trails xtreme 3! yes the graphics are better there is more options to upgrade your bike/rider, but that doesn't make it a better game! firstly you can't do anything unless you're online accept ride the tracks with a f#*@ing useless bike! secondly you can't upgrade that bike and the one you do upgrade online can't be used off line!?!? lastly the game crashes every 5mins and there is a ridiculous amount of f@#%ing s#%ty pop up ads every 2mins! time wasters the lot of ya!
ricky riggins : its good but things need to cost lest.
greg king : really good game, feels very polished. can't believe people are rating low stars due to difficulty, the hardness scales perfectly with each level as any game should. if you like trials on the console this game is definitely worth a download.
oscar hernandez : didn't even let me play it. never got pased the connecting screen.
vadim zingman : pay to win game. game is design to be frustrating. if you don't spend the money you have no chance in competing with those who have. deleted.
gustavo francischetti : it's a good game. the game has a good online tournament and duels mode but it has a good offline training mode too.
joseph gomez : this game is great to play and has plenty of good features. the only suggestion i would suggest is to make it possible to unlock other areas without having to buy them, such as winning a certain number of races or stars. this improvement would make this game even more enjoyable!
darktron plays : 4 stars because you should make an update that you can play with you friends and then i will put 5stars but for the rest it's perfect
travis plant : trial extreme once again made a awesome game if you like dirt bikes and a challenge then i recommend checking out this game.
kanchan dubey : when i started the game it stopped working tell me how to fix this deemedya
tadej magajna : also the title of the game should be trying not to bash my head - pro. amazing physics though. all in all its an ok app
joe howe : this game is crap compared to the previous ones tried on two devices an it glitches real bad unplayable :-(
benjamin grindrod : i've played all the trials games, but this doesn't match the rest, the way the characters modeled and the way that the whole game is set up. its still a trials but just feels like an old one.
tristan brink : make more vehicles and dont make them look derpy the firs 2 are cool but not the others. and make things cheaper plz and make it do we can make the bike and outfit any color you want so you can customize your stuff
devin mckeon : i haven't played these games for a long time but u guys gave me a game to remember
prathmesh pande : even though my device has gr8 specs, the game lags very much.my device is zenfone 5 t00j running kitkat 4.4.2.
tyler batchelder : playing offline seems pointless since you don't get points and you can't upgrade or customize, otherwise would give five stars.
flippy roi : this is not an addictive nor competitive game. thats what i love about it. it relaxing and has little bit of rage in it.
dion cryphon : hey developers it seems like there's been a bug in the game it doesn't open it gets hang after displaying the label for now i have uninstalled it but i hope that you guys will fix the problem and create an update and for now i am playing trial xtreme 3
cody gibson : been having a blast playing this game while having the company truck worked on. look forward to playing more while bored.
zestyboyzz mafia : do not download dis game . is a rip off its fake and its gay
luke zane : gets a whle to get used to but very fun, galaxy s5
ricky smith : sont know if its a bug but it dont work . akways asking me to report the game
suman patra : better than 3 but need internet.. that's bad
scott schoedler : too long to load and very buggy. the game would skip and bike would get stuck on obstacles.
cody phillips : really want to throw my phone you can't duck and i keep hitting my head button lay out is terrible as well i'm definitely deleting this app
anthony pucci : if you guys can get down here tell me if you test drive the construction level close to the end you will have to make a jump from to buildings miss it on purpose and as your falling there is something that looks like a secret way i can't get there, but it is as your falling you'll see it
tk swy : crashes and the game it self has too many pop up ads even when your playing the game i hated it
matt bailey : previous version was way better. i like the "customization"/upgrade feature better im this version, but the physics in #3 were better. go back to basics. keep it simple.
filip jakimovic : screen go black and i cant play cause every time when i open it it turns off im pissed off..
ansh gupta : i have in stating 95 lack ruppes i have purchased 5 lack ruppes bike and updage full now any wody can't loss me i have money money
jeffrey wehrle : crap ...low over head you will have to pay me to rate this bs any further..
mark camsell : only bad point is you constantly bang your head resulting in a crash apart from that it's a great little game to pass the time
angelo magbanua : dafuq why does it freezes everytime at the start.answer me deemedya so i know what is happening
michael caruso : tried to download it and my phone broke. when i took it to store they said the game was a virus. jk
j : this game is quits good, however the levels are (to me) quite hard e.g. lvl 6.
anthony otero : this is some awesome stuff but can you update it so you can duck while riding a bike. by the way i'm 11 years old so help a kid out and just do what i say to make the game better and also make it easyer to earn money or coins or what ever you call em
aron hoekstra : just updated to lollipop on vzw note 4.. now shading is all too dark, driver & bike are all black, most levels are also dark. worked fine on this same phone prior to upgrading. it's an awesome game otherwise, very fun.
adrian b : works for me and i like how you get to interact with other players based on their score, but only get free xoins by spamming your friends and winning competitions. upgrades are too expensive.
prakash bhosale : automatically turns off while racing. please switch the bug.
jose titus : i was absolutley in love with this game. i dont normally play trial games like this, but its great. until u beat the first level and u have 2 buy the next 2. but other then that it awsome!
casey rowe : some levels are near impossible and money is pretty fricken hard to get if you don't spend real money. other then that, does what it's suppose to.
fusun lee : i hate this game its so laggy and just hate it so much you need to fix it
kyle furnival : started playing and right away it crashes, after a while it worked but when racing your character lags along the track making it impossible to play, what a waste of my time!
austin jones : this game has a ton of bugs. it shuts down all the time, and lags too, even on a nexus seven tab with 2gb of ram that has just been cleared with no background programs running.
lauren : terrible game don't get it when you are in the lead it lags and crashes the game don't get it
alex m. : after the 3rd trial xtreme, you guys stopped putting effort in these games.
kenneth mitchell : the game is decent however there are several times when u open the game an ad tries to load but just locks up. there are also times that an ad opens up every time u tap the screen. very annoying!
hunter : took forever to get off the connecting screen and then when it started loading it came back to here.
ofsmoke andfire : game force closes and freezes only after one track on my htc one m8!! phone has everything high-end games need to run including lots of memory and ram! but this game will not run after one track!! fix this or will uninstall!!
dalton mcmaster : the creators odviously dont know what trials is. this is a racing game. the only way to get money is by racing. not how tech the rider is. -*
halo 7 : when i was 10 years i had the trial xtreme 1 and i loved it soo much and it's so amazing to see how much effort you put in this game , i'm impressed :)
joshua brewton : the game would be great if i could see what i was clicking. the rider and bike and the train cars from the background cover up the foreground and the words. the bike the rider and train cars also have no color
jeffery hemmer : the first levels are cool but there's nowhere to go from there without paying which sucks royally when you get bored with those levels
sid hilton : it's a alright game they could work on the grafics a little but over all its a decent game and i will keep it they also have online so it a good game they could get rid off ads but however it's a good game
dustin fox : this app worked fine until it stopped connecting. i get stuck on the first screen where it is trying to connect and can never race.
dylan everson : i like it haven't had any problems with it good job guys
dominic jones : my 6 year old son loves this game he's addicted!
austin coppett : there is no way to unlock levels. u have to bye them.
codrin : having issues restarting te map / tornament, notting happens
steve d beet : i'm sure i've seen the layout of the races before. it's a good game but not great.
michael turner : i don't like how you almost have to pay just to play! in my opinion the trials x before this one was perfect.
nadeem sherif : needs more improvement, if u could come up with a better update would give 5 star
jules : i'm cursing and jumping in joy, this game is doing something right for sure
azpranata asus : it's good game, but not realistic bike driving. need more smooth driving, tilt rear, front, jump is not realistic. and too many loading session, loading loading loading and loading and too often checking internet connection. so make this game lag.
jackus_ : just doesn't want to open.you have to pay for everything the ad x is to small. there is no tilt sensitivity at all! please fix and i might give it 3 stars
sean flannery : dumb game, maps look like they where made by a child.
sai kiran : that hardness drained my interst in playing. no hope . ruthlessly uninstalled.
aaron huneycutt : awesome gameplay controls are simple and an overall fun game the only thing i wish was that you could unlock the next 3 areas without real money.
josh rouse : only the first level is free. then you have to pay for the others. save your time.
maddragonflyer : dont work..just shows 3 bikes spining
patrick schneider : i played 4 times. at the beginning i would say 10 of 10. so purchases are made for paying. i never pay for apps, but if anyone does, it's okay for that app. it's just fun to experience the physics.
paul chambers : it's good for the 1st few tracks but then u have to pay 1.99 each level after that uninstall. had potential
aniket prakash : the game is good when online but most of the time the server is down for maintenance. will be great game if this issue is solved.
chetana official tm : please help ! after reading the reviews and seeing the pics i decided to download. my phone is samsung galaxy core duos. it shows the trial extreme 4 picture. and then stops .please reply....
jessie s : it won't let me download the game it says not enough space but i got a 32gb sandisk sd card my phone is motorola g2 with android 4.4.4 please fix thanks. ok i had to delete a game i don't play but you game makers need to make it we're the game downloads to the sd card this is a big deal wen google apps take all space up.
a google user : even more of a cash grab with worse gameplay.
a google user : really the game is good, but need to add exit option and more challenging tracks. then, i'll give 5 stars.
mikalah edwards : it cheats whenever i try to race someone random but when i do it by myself i get over the little tire things easily fix it now
samuel miron : but i cant get the game to work i tap on the app to start it and i loads until it almost goes to the starting page and brings to the home page , can u please look into it and see the problem ,thnx
ian : but touch controls are very resistive. the bike doesn't lean as much as you'd want it to.
yung licc : when i tried to play it wouldn't let me do not download
jerry kilian : i was about to race a in a tournament and spent 20000 coin and the game crashed before i could start the race.
tanner hennen : this game is better than bike race it's challenging at times but i could not stop playing
jacob patton : every time i would race someone this would glitch and take me back to my home screen and reset everything even my wallpapers. fix it guys
angga daditya : sometime it minimize itself, very annoying bug please fix it !
aditi joshi : best at game ever all the games were so lame but this is awesome
mike jackson : worked until system update now it won't load
paul gilson : good when i can play it, but most times it gets stuck on the connecting screen and i can't do anything. htc one m8
rinu mathew : i had great expectations however the controls are a bit off so i switched to buttons but when i played, they did not appear and no matter how many times i complete level 1 it never counts as complete.
dylan elliott : best game 11 its so good looking at the loading screen all day! it dosent load!
bobotron : hey, i have been playing this game since it started.. it is truely a pleasure to be supporting a team that can make a good game :)
alex merrill : can be frustrating when playing with others who spent >=$20
cole schowe : once you finish the free levles you have to buy the otherones with real money.that is my only problem please change
caleb anderson : very disappointed. why do you have to put mines in the game to blow me up? wind things too? the mines are the worst. come on guys be slightly realistic at least. thumbs down. it's more of a annoying game than fun.
nick willard : this game sucks. i have an lg g3 and its doing maybe 12 fps. makes the game really difficult to play. plus they market it as the best trials game ever yet trials evolution for 360 is 100x better than this game
gabriel torres : this game is crap i think i'lle judt stick with tx3
kemper hiner : this game has a bug for every aspect. the racing online shows your real name, and you can't change it. sadly at first this game was good but when the multiplayer cane in, it instantly became the worst game ever.
a google user : controls are easy - like a tilty bike game. graphics on the galaxy s5 are smooth and look great.
michael mccabe : way too many nagging adverts and 'operunities' forced onto you to pay
andy beast : i loved it but has to many problems with the levels and die every 8 seconds
chris espinal : the graphic sets me off alittle but otherwise its good
jaymie johnson : so much harder from the start compared to most trial games, i think that makes it so much better.
naman agarwal : the game is very crazy if we start playing we won't stop
dhiraj sharma : nice game play. but would have given it 5 stars if graphics were much greater. expecting more d eemedya
akhil ahuja : its good but i still dont get that why this game lags.modern combat 5 runs the smoothest on my device and this game does not? i have 1.5 gb ram
david godwin : it freezes alot and i had to unistall it then install it agein
tracy evans-phillips : dictionary button just cuts off button sticker chart holditch call dictionary button and just cuts off show me houses because i'm using the talk mechanism and is not working properly
tee : it's a fun dirt bike game i play it 24 seven.it's awesome.
paul maxie : compared to trial xtreme 3 i do not like it at all!! it's like they tried to make it to realistic and lost what makes trial xtreme so much fun the availability to do crazy stuff!!! for me it should be back to the drawing board for them!!!! disappointed!!
greg andrews : love the game would give 5 stars if few glitches were fixed.
brady dawson : if like bike games i highly recommend this game it's the best costimizable guy and bike great game if if i were u i would download this and look for more da best eva
rick la : bad camera angles and an overly sensitive rider. the little dude on the bike dies when his head receives a love tap from an object/obstacle inside the game. why does he wear a helmet?
pragnesh pandya : nice graphics but controls are poor and bikes are too expensive
harsh visharia : i like this game its my fav bike racing games 1,2,3 & 4 . thnx for your games
deleted channel : is epic it may have flaws but it is amazing in many ways
stuart edley : never been into trial extreme style games but this one has got me hooked.
luke flowers : i loved all the last ones but now there are less tracks than ever. can't believe we have to buy the rest!
ryan kog : but seem a little lag on galaxy note 4
aayush gurung : doesnt even opens....everytime it crashes.this game should not be in play store.
trenton mathis : they should make it so you don't have to pay to get all if the other three maps
andre o : best trials game i have played so far
dr a : this game has way to many hidden ads, and it places apps on your home screen when the phone is off. now they want to reply with lies. download the airpush detector app and see for yourselves.
billy stevenson : if only there was a way to play all levels with out paying $2
azeem anwar : perfect game and graphics but to unlock next areas we have to spent 1$ so three stars ;)
akshay ajith : it looks like a made up graphics and the trial xtreame 3 is more better
cody campbell : horrible application. throttle button stops when pressing gas down. fix this im deleting this app.
kelvin ortiz : i had the game for a while and it's been great but i tried buying the construction stages and it didn't unlock even though the transaction went thru because it shows up on my bank statement..i also tried restoring my purchase
grant carter : it would be nice if you could play more levels without paying.
nham reyes : good game. bt the upgrade slytly expensive. btw i like it
perry sullivan : i'm so happy that the cool little game known as "trial xtreme" is back! i have had every trial game and they have all proven to be very very fun!
nic s : controls are terrible match making terrible asks you a thousand questions and wants you to pay for everything
drew millemon : fun game. keeps you going. i haven't had any problems.
jacob blas : its amazing i dont get lag and its amazing very fun game
jeff griffin : its not even fun dont get it waste of time.
k b : good, but paid .99 for extra 20000 coins which i did not get...still have ads as well
logan martin : i just down loaded this version after playing and enjoying the previous games but half the course and the bike is blacked out i cant even see what what im upgrading to i would like to continue playing but not if i cant get the full effect of the game cant you assist me some how thank you in advance
562stephen williams : work at first and now it won't work at all
paul croasdale : love it! good playing vs other players ghosts all the time rather than comp
chris almaraz : i thought the game would be difficult with the onscreen controls but this game is great and alot of fun to play
maeve kavanagh : it makes you so angry but it is a good game.
afnan yousuf : i loved it but there's one prob.i can't change the controls without coming online
shawn sheeley : love the game but won't let me play. says maintenance repair come back later and been that way for hours. how much longer i have to wait?
tyler lofts : waist of time downloading honestly slot graphics are crap whole game is honestly a dump in the dunny
nadroj mathis : great game! would rate 5 stars if i didn't have to buy levels
rexan frey : absolute waste of time. either on 4g or wi-fi, the game won't even start up. crap game.
lamar brandon : best game ever because it have new clothes and you get to customize your bike .
lokesh uikey : i played all parts of trial xtreme but new version is great
marx : i'm just doing this for the money! so hand it over!
anthony zamora : i don't think you should have to buy new levels with actual money.
corben brown : i like it because u get to race on crazy equipment and supplies. so that is why i like the game
brian vankuren : playing this game had to many stupid play google ads popping up constantly would rate it 5 stars if that was fix but 1star is all i am giving it now i completely uninstall it until it get fix
zack curry : worst game ever camera angles just trying to get cash
david jenkins : i purchased another level and it was pulled from my account but did not show up i need it fixed
darren vickers : wanted a trials bike not a crosser or heavy enduro and in the duels it says you have to use airbike then puts you against faster or slower bikes ?? nothing to do with racing, skill doesn't come into it outcome is already set, really frustrating, totally steered away from what made the series so good, i want my yellow and cheque bike back and be able to upgrade it with out having to change body.
dinu tescasi : it keeps changing my account ,and when i first started all the tracks were completed
jake : absolute rubbish. nowhere near as brilliant as the third installment.
william f : not bad a game herd it was bad but plays fine on my tablet kk!! ppl!!!
jason ruchti : lobe it great way. to waste time
anadromi : that game sucks they should put you in easyer scshens before you go up to the higher bikes to race
vlatko cvetkovski : slot app,every second is popin up to install,but the game is very nice!
james bird : frustrating levels and bad physics got this game uninstalled
semaj duemore : its crap takes ages to load then u get advert u click back over on the advert nd it ends the game
michelle owen : if you uninstall the game and install it again it you get your daily reward every time
mohak suri : it comes with a box that this game has stoped working
olivia harmer : rubbish but i will be not the first time to do it
aussie digger : good graphics and realistic. glicthes sometimes, bloody ads.
eric morrison : as good as you can get to the trials series on your phone
adeel hussain : wat of game is this after 4 or 5 races your out of credits it's soo hard to to actually like this
cam carmichael : but i got a glitch where the back half of the bike was stuck on a train gonna delete
darrell sloan : game is completly stupid biased towards the guys who will waste money on it deleted
marcel cakes : nice game but the prices for bikes are too expensive
alex george : it lags all the time when i got to the second level it keeps on saying retry so stupid
dballsmoto69 : too laggy and buttons stick not recommended at all unless you like lame affects
christian rivera : it is a awesome game but for some reason when i'm playing it takes me back to home screen
himanshu agnihotri : every thing according to me is perfect must try this.....
nick gonsoulin : this is a good game i love playing it. it just takes a little bit to get the good stuff.
josh poole : piece of junk bike hangs up on everything, bout the stupidest game i've ever played!!!
max vasbinder : when i got it, it was on someone else's account.
caleb moore : i can't past the level if he is standing up
satoka : this game dishonest,very dishonest.i am not liked this game because this game dishonest
nate dubya : good game good graphics. but it can irritate you easily. lol
william honeycutt : the daily free championship disappeared and several other championships disappeared. .. weak sauce. .. way to lame up the game
a google user : why not charge us a one time fee for the game? it makes you feel cheated being nickled and dimed constantly. i would feel better paying a one time fee with everything unlocked. the developers don't have their games in mind anymore its all about profit.
bill griffin : fun game could be a few more bikes and you shouldn't have to pay to unlock tracks
dora chavez : thought that the game was good sorry for commenting good about game when haters said it was bad
aebhal karetha : i love this game
steven mcgillivray : it's a good game and is quite difficult which makes it fun to play
aaron langley : pretty fun game difficult enough to keep you interested but lots of things to that are all in-game purchase..
cristian rivas : best game ever just sucks how everything is so much but no worry i'll get it
harry bisher : this game is awesome!!!!!need to get this game. only downside is that u can't jump as high. but otherwise love it
robert mcneill : just started playing it got all 4 games 3 is gonna be hard to beat that's an awesome game was addicted to it time will tell will x4
zahara khatib : for few days it was good after that now when i click theatre icon it just hangs. please send me an update fixing this bug
garry scales : you have made this app work offline but now it won't connect at all!!!
mal davis : on my down time i play this when i'm bored
jesse maher : it's a fun game but if you could make it a little harder
infected joker : wow the. comments for this game are real...u bump ya head all the time on early levels it dont teach u its technicaly perfect just stfaight in the deep end.makes if frustrating.upgrading is stjpid cus my first go i cud uptrade loads so had no idea where i was with upgrading..this has the potetial to be an epic game.one of the best ever but maps need serious work to make them fun aswell as hard...4 stars 5 if u make it fun by hard ground obsicles not loads of ridiculous head bumps..literly constant...
austin whitley : i got addicted the first time i went on the game
jonathan davis : its cool, sometimes the gme lags but its not that bad
josh prince : i thought the game was on dire i mean it was so cool
daniel williams : you can do tricks and races each other on facebook xd! five star game
kane mcculloch : i cannot put this game down, it's sooooooo good
living by the way : the only bad thing is you can't enter the next levels unless you pay money........that sucks. it would be better just to win your way through.
nik nakz : this is an awesome game only let down is ads
andrew orlando : blows 2 and 3 out
pikkie stander : laggy and sometimes tje loading screen freezes my phone....galaxy s5
ross dudney : 3rd one was way better. this one is awful
owen jarman-webb : its amazing a must get don't listen to anyone who says its crap.
a google user : restart, head hit something again,restart! lean back button fail, restart!
mat crads : no i don't want to play clash of bloody clans!
shivankit ss : the worst edition of trial extreme .... the previous were better this is the worst
cade slott : can't get enough of it love this game.
jimmy bean : another great app as i expected. nothing wrong with it.
szabi esz : unresponsive controls, delayed moovement... compareing to trialextreme 3...the diffrences are even ruff...pitty because it could be so mutch better... :-(
max robb : thx 2 my sis i love did game!
lance keen kirkwood : mean game recommended if bordem consumes you
joessvan torres : its hard but i like it now you can customise every thing cool
emile mueni mampuya : every time i go on it it comes off
clivenia collins : i was a bit laggy but other than that its fun
ahmad ihsan : this game not fun..but make me stress
james jones : great game. but crashes alot
harry l : it was a good game but you have to pay to go onto new stages!
anthony fail : i love this game! i rage sometimes but its a really addicting game!
cody wolf : this is optimized worse than gta 4 pc
devinder kumar : liked it , but now, when i start the game, it always shows connecting and nothing happens(even i am connected to internet) please fix this problem
jack gulledge : the grafix are good,the races are fun,and the that makes the whole game fun.
saka the baka : if you allow full single player features like different clothing being able to be changed just give us all the maps no one's going to pay 20 bucks for all maps
zak morris : good fun needs a bit of work on the lag
andy indica : awsome game, anyone that says diffrent dont know a good game.
joshua menhinick : why does the game just go off at random
gary gary : nothing special the earlier ones where even more interesting
jamie lachapelle : what happened this sucks compared to extreme 3
dan gould : could be better i hope if a new one come s out i'l see how it goes
ilise zeiger : this was the most stupidest game i ever played.
a google user : keeps me from being bored at work when we are slow
cobxn : fun game but glitches here and their
tyer : so fun i love it i play this when i wait for my troops for clash of clans and for a little kid im pretty good
alyssa waggoner : can't to asome
mr. mcsquizzy15 : i just dont like that some times you cant complete some obsticles
eric everhart : crashes after showing the splash screen for a few seconds. nexus 5 4.4.4
nicholas mckelvey : best motorcycle obstacle game i have played yet!
tommy owens : it's. a great game and a lot more people should downloading. it
keith mafuwe : deemedeya your app crashes all the tym.
anon : this is really a good game, only update the finding gamers thanks mate
anthony delizio : however some times the acceleration doesnt work. samsung galaxy s3 mini
sarthak sharma : much hard bt it is the best game of the series smtimes it gets slow bt good
sithija wijayasinghe : really bike game; i like it too much!
nes. a : can be better
huriel garcia cedillo : it a littel slow please make it more faster and i will give you five star but please fix it
tito zayas : it crashes on me alot
chevy croker : just downloaded it and can't even get into it. great game guys.
aditya dntk : realy bad than tx 3
long le thanh : i played all the free content and removed the game. thanks.
kalpesh patel : i luv dis game bcus the graphic of this game is being better then the last one
a google user : 3 was far better than this
doug bernard : fun untill it gets extremely hard then it gets boring
jamie kimberley : same style as trial extreme 4. more tracks and more choice of bikes
william bucklin : this game is mediocre at best too hard to make money unless you racing online or doing tournaments
marqui king : just downloaded not too long ago. so far so good!
akash bose : aswm gfx. keep it up. i will be waiting for the nxt version
abdalla saber : very good game , smooth controlling tho c:
zakary will : there are definitely worse games out there.
adan palma : but you need to pay to get more levels
kulafu : just pls fix all the bugs controls. ty
cesar chavez : an awesome free game that you don't have to spend money to play it
brandon bennett : i enjoy doing the tournaments. and the levels are really creative.
jenova kush : this game is the best motocross freestyle game i have found for the phone.
beverly gick : not as hard to crash on other game its easy to crash this hard
jp : so much fun! like trials hd for the xbox 360, but on mobile phones! great!
travis kendrick : i love this style game, great controls, and fun to compete with other players
trevor crozier : brilliant racing game people to race against best game on play store thanks
ritesh nihalani : not working its stuck on trial xtream 4 i am on cm12.1
travis killian : fun game , would like to be able to race other tracks sooner
digvijay singh shekhawat : it's a superb game and best part of it is the competition with other friends
tamir weekes : this game is so great it is better than #3 for sure
zachrey headen : .vggggwk is u i can come by for me to bring you anything i was our
saad rahman : it's a super cool biking game but it's a bit too commercial.
jim jensen : game is a blast. just wish it had a solo practices
jay bains : so the only easy way to earn money is by challenging others but you lose money if you lose the race ... ? i thought this was gonna be good at least for the graphics but it makes my tablet lag as if i'm downloading 4 things at once ... overall , this game sucks , don't waste your time on it like i did .
joshua sellers : cool fun game to,play cool,customs to your bike,also
ahmed wael : i love it but if you make graphics better it would be best
pure1y 1nsane : it was good till it crashed there was a few flaws no way to earn gold to buy upgrades with that a lot of advertising it got annoying
drunkengrump : i'm playing races but i'm not getting the coins i'm winning. what's up with that, i was excited about playing this game , but this makes it broken for me. please explain or help. .?
neruda portes : great game and what makes it better is that you can play it offline.
mimie boluwa : i love this game especially the effects and detail of this game it really makes the game realistic!
earvin gabriel villamayor : why you had to buy all levels wish you just unlock them but still great game
gage trader : i love this game because there is a lot of levels and a lot of jumps. there is a lot of bikes to.
christo brits : can you pls make the maps freeeeeeeeeeeeeee i love this game pls make it free pls.
neil munro : awesome playing with & esp against my fb & google + m8z
alan downey : i enjoy this game and it plays smoothly. this game has sufficient levels and plenty of upgrades.
breece bennett : its a good and fun game but a huge rage game
fraser jackson : runs perfect great graphics controls fun to play lgg3
delano teruel : proud love it keep making more updates the game is fun to me at least!
adrian landin : i don't know what everyone's bitching and moaning about... this game is amazing and runs so smoothly. 10 stars if i could!!
damyan momchev : that's how addictive it is.
messiah braswell : this game is so cool and fun but you have to
khushal narang : very nice and cool game. addicted
mathew koester : fantastic game, just wish you could earn coins in offline mode
sean : fun game. wish you could unlock other levels without spending money
chris : its a good game and passes the time very well on my commute
ben green : played for a month or so now wont even load main screen just background tried redownloading it and same problem
allen peters : this games compete s in top 5 app games
joseph ramirez : this game is awesome if got all of the games that you made i hope the next one is gonna be really cool
sam ruddom : app doesn't open and when it does, it reverts to an add page and forces me to view the advert! can't play the game and not happy
marc lennox : y wont it work now this update is crap
mercedes : it waste 162 mb seriously
mcwills phillips : its not what i was expecting
jackson england : it is mad and sick
jknarchifx : everytime closing it in my moto g 2013 running lollipop 5.0.2...pls fix the bug
kurt j blasurca : i like it but do you really need an internet connection for everything!!? i cant play in school wity this.!!
shujath ansar : some levels of this game cannot be completed so little irritating otherwise game is good
iendra surya : awesome, now people can challenge the other players!!
j : bike is a little too bouncy and camera too snappy and responsive pretty good though
edward simpson : this game is one of the best bike games ever
cj. ortiz : just make diffrent ways to get more money
mohsin saeed khan : we can even play offline
painkiller 2 : i play it 24hour no sleep
brian burkholder : it feels just like trials on the console
jessica wright : love the game on fb now love playing it on phone
munajat muhadjir : i can challange my friends in this extreme game
tyler harper : fun with enough stuff to keep you busy
amber ortiz : really good game no lags
frank turner : this game is tight i just got it and im loving it
arsonist : i like the racing but if it was in 3d that would be cool
rhenush : this game is looking 3d n real
michigan potatoe farmer : they should add track building ability
backwoodz 6687 : this is the best game i ever played
steven robson : i realy love this game well worth getting
safiya salaysait : soooooo good love it just want the game to be easier
amber sorg : is the best game make more please
steven holman : works great on my htc one m8
mak t : i think i liked trials frontier controls better
dontae wells : stop the ads
micro honda : the maps are fun to race and to just have fun
yew joe : but i hope it can more realistic as trial extreme 3
devyn stoll : it is fun and really addicting some levels are hard to beat though
carlos marte : really fun you should download it recommend it
jiovanni 07 : they need to add blood then i rate 5
garrett berry : they should give you more levels and less upgrades
angel : one of the best racing games i have played and is really worth downloading
david mercadojr : it is so good nobody would resist playing this
urboi sefso : jett die 7up love the way you med the game
john garcia : its better than trials xtreme 1 2 3 totally
nick p : make device too hot to if you could limit cpu to make it cooler would be good just way to hot
sexy guy69 : i tried to open the game, every time, and i mean every time, it crashed!!!
i n s y a : really good but you need wifi for everything but everything else is going well
dennis h : games fun and sometimes challenging to point of frustration.
suzanne wardle : its a great game to play against other people on
dominic wood : great game easier than one i previously had
robert white : good game if not a little expensive to buy new bikes
eugene revalls : gta v is better than this but this is awesome
antonio guzman : its awesome one of the best i ever played
attila dom : just got it played one game it seems ok
cracker jack : best game ever no lag nothing bod
phillip crane : top game lots of fun that keeps you hooked play it love it
steve fuson : one of the one games i actually enjoy playing
tvh melissa : this game sucks i like the xbox version better
lakerboyjr c : *mr krabs voice* money money money
valley rednecks : this sucks, crappiest game ever
hollis mcfairen : really good game but if you want to advance to the next set of leaves you have to pay
adam forshaw : belting game... proper have think bout some levels
moiz khan : make it a little easy im in 5th round of construction and i have maxed my bike a d still cant win
marcel : i have played trials bike since "hup hup! jump!" and to be able to race peeps for money is the shiznitz!
milan s : good but should have improved the controls
thedude210 : really enjoying this so far. can't put it down!
tyler wallace : great game, otherwise i don't like how hard it is to get coins
gareth homer : quite basic but good fun graphics are good and determination is needed for some parts overall good game
new one : good job, nothing more to add!
gavin lacey : i av always love these games but wish it had more levels and courses
joseph fernan : i am a man. you can get the best
garrett bowers : i didn't even get to play it it never loaded. really lame!!!
ramen edits : so much fun with what you can do with this game! downloaded now!!!
jay mo : super fun up until i finished that one level i had
hamza nawaz : cool u can go so fast but too hard
leisa kelly : iike this game because you are able to race in tournament
christian ford : it is too hard
lisa fowler : the was very poorly made
harley thompson : crap takes way to long with conecton
sodapops6 : hated it beyond hell this game is garbage
donna monzo : it keeps kicking me of the game
vikram kosuri : waste the mobile is heat up veryyyyyy
daniel hoard : laggy and slow please fix
matt england : great way to pass time overall game play is fun and enjoyable
e. rock : pretty fun other than the crashes here and there
alex sel : fantastic game, sadly they charge to unlock more levels
renee delno : it didn't have a campaign
alex rosales : because it so cool you can do cool stuff and i give it 10 out of 10 and i give it a five star
norma sohn : sometimes it's unsureal, but awesome
ian siebert : it's cool because you can play.with facebook frieds
kl thomas : best motorcycle game i have ever played and i loved the graphics
christopher hills : this game is like being on bath salts then riding a motorcycle
nathan guajardo : this game is really good but still needs work on the controls peace out
carlos villa : great game good graphics for a phone no glitches love it..
tyler chambers : love it. can't put my tablet down!
nidociv : pretty cool but annoyingly fun vame
mitch : didn't load, crashed my tab s. awful
jesse b : awesome game! i like the availability of the tilt controls!
nathan hicks : hid game is so fun but 5 if u make more of the levels free only depot kind of sucks
zach astro : this game is wicked bc u get to race other people and stuff like a 1000 stuff
james stiltner : favorite game i've played in awhile!
midwest native : the best bike game ever good job
george roberts : controlls are usless don't download
derick justice : this the best game iv played in a long time.
noah ward : this is a 5 star game
twitch spilterz : great please but a cheap dirtbike would be nice please
roland shaffer : trail extreme 3 is better it sucks but make money on 3 as much as 4 best game make five better
marcc games : graphics are good and gameplay is smooth keep up the good work
hector cordero : its ok but atleast one upgrade thx
malik luqman : it's too much harder but i like it
kurtis bardin : expected more free levels . . but have to pay for everything and at least let our coins we earn buy more levels. . and every1 i race never falls!! is it a real person i'm racing?
erin b. : paid for a package and it never got installed, sent an email to developer and no response!
tyler sowder : the best dirt bike game out there!
steve rees : game is fun. annoying when someone has faster bike on easy courses, can't ever beat them. on tough course if your better you can win. but losing a lot of coins to "oops something went wrong." then if the duel does come back, "sorry timed out" freaking annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!! fix this or at least don't take any coins then.
harshwin chhabra : worst than the trial ex3
doris williams : this game so hard it sucks i freaking hate it your lucky i even gave you one star jeez
toby lehner : trial extreme just keeps being a nice entertainment
dante munoz : i like this game so much its 3d graphics and amazing maps
duska icesky : i like it but it would be nice if you could choose to be a boy or girl
a google user : this game is great from choosing cool gear and bikes to racing people from around the word
chez broome : its a good game just for phone but bring it out on xbox 360
randy hayes : very fun game. love the tournament and duel games.
ivan gomez : i like this app but when i open it it will sometimes log me out
charles mcclain : great game...very similar to xbox version
rodman quintanilla : awesome to kill time
brian york : this is malicious software. cant stop it from opening ads and controlling my device.
mohit hemnani : multiplayer capabilities are good. environment needs refinement
nolan newman : fun app. but needs a little work.
lawrence hudson : it's a very chalking fun game
swagato sarkar : nice upgradation to the game over the 3rd version. hope everyone enjoys it...:)
lynette agee : here so i won't get fined
connor mize : this game has crazy amounts of ads which they make money off of and then they want me to pay for extra levels what a joke
raj murmu : really a nice game!!
cody ushko : like the shadow.racing. app.seems to run good
ethan sukenick : great game and alot to do ! recommend it :)
the storm : every time i ride my bike under something i hit my head and die please give me some room
taylor smith : great game clothes to expensive
david sumter : just doing it for the coins
alexander42956 : it was good but i'm just raring for the cash xdt
nathaniel winner : u make us have to by more tracks instead of making them unlockable
saab man matvei : trial extreme 3 s betta
engineer hussain : very very bad game and this is oldest version
steve maier : i like the idea, needs more
kai bowers : graphics need improvement but still a good game to
jp da silva : cool game enjoying it all the time.
junaid syed : good play, competition, and customization.
christian martinez : really fun haven't played a game like this one years!:-)
bikerjim90 : good little game
matt keramati : one of my top 10
david hobbs : just wish more free tracks
floral. .anniex : i love this game its auswome
bradley buchanan : this is the best motocross game i have ever played
kabir beige : its cool that they have a trials available for android
joshua toledo : awsome plz add crate mode
aidan pariano : you have made a truly fantastic game
sahil raza : good but try to make 3d in next part
daimyr tate : i just started and its cool
jacob west : this game is epic and a great addition to the series
sophie harrison : its amazing n i luv it for a girl lol
luke clark : i love the helmets and bikes
noah s. : except online is the 3rd star for 1st place
venomous gamer : best trial extreme so far
1lugnut outdoors : no complaints works all the time
nicole calleros : it is a great game but it takes a lot of space
v luvs3 : i love it because you do wheeles
harley lincoln : it is a good game to play when your bored
michael long : it's the best yet
kash mehta : it's very good game
dion morse : so people can start. playing
scott thoms : great game once you master the throttle and very addictive.
sam : i love the designs!
nayem hussain : definately a fun game to play. i recommend everyone to play this game.
gerald prayogo : one of the best trials racing games out there
juan sandoval : i love this game because its about mortocycles and fun
aday endamar : tx3 still the best than the new version like tx4 ..
jabaz reeves : this is a very fun app no bug issues
dub : i wonder how to complete chapter1 level 8
shuvashish shrestha : really annoying..all the graphics and bike appears black...tried out everything still wouldnt help... :(
totally human : it's nice but it keeps on breening me back
mateusz majewski : graphic and stearing on the good level,
muthu mani : it's the best game i have ever played
dan hayes : i waited for half hour and still want connect
rohith varughese : it awesome game because it kind a fun to play.
abed el razak el korek : awesome great jobb!!
nate carter : love this game on xbox and now on my phone.
christopher varize : i love it so far... got in the tournament
tyler hackney : great game nice time passer 10/10
shannon girdham : oops were sorry something went wrong.....but we're keeping your money any way...
brandon gikas : very fun game and it's free
manav sharma : good graphics and sound. keep working on duals and tournaments.
robert glass : well done good fun for.the little uns
cody collins : im just gonna go find a hack for it so i can play. how dare you charge me to play a free game! quit ruining the gaming industry. why didt you just charge money to play in the first place?!??!
alfie knight : great game it has a a$$hole game
ewe tube : can't stop playing it. help!!!
brandon green : follows in the tradition of the previous trials games.
dk t : awesome game it is everyone will like this game
vasco possley : addictive game. very fun too
terence liebenberg : got some bugs with coin alocations. don't always get them as earned
moses verdin : one of the best mobile games i've played
yvette crakaal : i know that
nazeera jewon : super cool game. really enjoying
dannan wagner : not worth the time. uninstall
joan pomp : it is not better than the 3
austin church : best game i ever played on a phone
kyvin carroll : the best graphics and racing game ever
_ : i liked the trial on xbox360 so i should like this
jose neha : very very nice im enjoying very mutch
richard : this is really fun so far its really great
morgan hutchens : i play it all the time.
myluckycharm gaming : one of the worst i've played
king- supabob : great game. very addictive
mike totten : had the first one it was ok. this one just rocks
tushar sehgal : a game which we can play when we r bored
kevin burke : get rid of the booing it's annoying
cam williams : awsome cool bam
jeremiah casey : love it and that hot girl made it better
muhammad tahir : nice graphics nice theme
splash_that_e gg : it made good the game
colton mcmahon : yay oh and its a great game
taran khangura : nice graphics with funtime playing game
david butler : could use a little work
jakob escallon : other games were better
zahada rahman : this game is freaking awesome
quinton brown : this is a great game keep it up
jose collazo : you should download this game it is awesome
kay luke : the best game on phone really good
joe mexico : alot better than the last version
cbk grim : what did you expect more
dylan b : good game but limited without paying
travis hatch : this game is so frecain fun
joshua mojjis : good game everything seems to work fine
okan malkocer : liked it but could be improved
jason gauss : very challenging against other players
new rider : very fun game the graphics are amazing
veeresh p veeru : itz good game but advertisement sucks
the supremacy : most addicting ever
selvie marcus : this is cool game i really like it
rock manandhar : this is my best bike ever
ricky short : good game runs great on my s3
cody jay : need more ways to earn coins
jordon cawley : man it brings ya straight to the game
jack holmstrom : fun and hard
isaac moore : this is awesome
walter jr saravia : it is so fun
shakti singh karmacharya : it really passes the time
advit : nice game not bad
shaggy : i payed 1.99 for this crap it only unlocked one set of levels what a rip off!!
yassine slama : i loved it ! every body install it
brian peterson : because it's awesome
candice gonzalez : its fun for people that like obstacles
roshan phaiju : the best trial game in playstore!
niks salenieks : this game makes me rage so much! d:<
ramon luna : i know but i don't get it
hollow tips : but please make it so we can customize the bike and the person but over all great game:-p !!!!!!!
darren ferguson : better than the rest off them
antonio carmona : we will be back soon :) the servers are down for maintanance
robert mclane : great fun and so far no bugs
jason baez : it has its touch but it's cool
nicholas andrews : game is awesome in my opinion!
ralph giovanni ak francis : nothing to say about it . its just awesome
paul jackson : love this game good to waste time
ardi wirawan : love it very much.. muach
shanika shields : ,, the best game ever
dawn slater : where's the stunt moves @
spidey : it a awesome game but fix lag please :-)
armando hernandez : i like it it's a good game with good grafics
blown mind : amazingly no lag or crashes
tlspsycho : awesome but it has a few bugs
steven mccann : awesome delivery from the prior versions.. 5 stars
marlon rodriguez : it's a cool bike games
trev barrett : simple but addictive.
steve warr : can't stop playing
stef hens : previous version was way better
optic nighmare : this is the game that i was looking for
donald ross : for real
william grasso : this will amaze you
christopher wilson : howbdo i unlock the next levels
christopher moorehouse : piece of tarded sht fckng game
matt austin : hate this game sick to death of having to pay money just to advance in this game cos u make some of these levels impossible to beat very very very disappointed only game i have the problem with
tanmay dwivedi : really?? i mean first time i tried this game and it just stucks there, tried reinstalling but again the screen just stucks there...using yureka(4.4 kitkat as cyanogenmod) as phone..developers need to sort out this...
kanaiela a : its ok ,challenging
xpert gta : but it's hard to earn money
andrew clark : this game is a must have. brilliant fun
ibeth serrato : that game is off the hook
filmysingh13 : nice game little tough but that's the challenge
bonnie trevett : this game is so cool
kaykay bondo : ivlove this game its graet
arron gavin : this app is great fun to play
matthew shea : not enough ways to make cash with out spending real cash n there is no way to unlock other areas without real cash so it gets boring otherwise i would give it 5stars
josh clark : pretty cool game
bret ried : i played on xbox 360 when it first went into arcade for it and now i can play it on my phone?!?!.....thank u thi lord jesus
hannah gascoigne : it's a awesome game
trae bullock : u should get it
rishabh pathak : very good graphics
blackface david : it is the best
karam saund : nice game ever
jack delomen : awesome game must download
jaden brewer : it is a lot of fun
hopp75 : really good for a phone version of trials
zombiex shaunx : it is the best game iv played
ill phenom : the best trial extreme
a google user : it was so much fun
stephen bowditch : brilliant game my son loves it
josh demars : the play is great
ajay lotlikar : better than trail xtreme 3
jesse landers : best trials game
bernarda huertas : needs a lot of level
damon auton : pretty good game
raideraj5 / aj wilson : i play it all the time
wekill_yallchill playz : its an awesome game to play
christopher kinter : graphics could be better
paul stegall : my new favorite game
blake sonnenberg : its good
curt 0178 : much better than tx3
joanne mcmichael : good motion nd graphics
k : its so awesome
raul gochez : thumbs up
lee torres : best graphics
destiny onyike : awsome game
harun mao : it is nice
jamauri jackson : awsome game ever
ken basurto : great game
ayden bath : fun game so addictive get it
jay price : this game is cool xd
dude decent : it rocks to the core
anonymous man : pretty good game so far
toshiya chrockham : loved to see what they do next
ashu singh : its good
chads golden adventures : fun to play crazy cool details
seanpaul huggins : love good motorcycles game ever
tam nguyen : the most awesome
a google user : better than the previous one
chris jackson : fun game but glitches and freezes from time to time
xonnii : i got ps4 and i play it its amazing thanks for puting it on phone and other concels my friend wanted it but he couldent becauce he dident have the money to buy the real game but he has it now on phone thanks for downloading it
j mat : i finish the trial in 2 days cutting hours, i cant play online idont know why? i have a connection
gabrielngina frank : it's addictive.
nugraha ramadhan : very hard to play. but i love it
mihai panait : you won an ad! that's just insulting...
chapo chaplin : needs update for more levels competed to quick with 3 stars on all levels. when's the update coming?
a google user : too much of advertising everywhere and all the time. take half of the time to click
chester rucker : i beat two guys but kept falling until i bet this guy.like finally
praveen : excellent graphics better then. xtreme 2
chris simms : anither great trials game!
ryzen man : once again the best trials on play gets better...thank you!!!
og woeski : class dad's n hy school j f's zn hurt suez faa god's kc jew
matthew cline : couldn't even see past the black shadows
brettpbyour i'm m no fincher : very fun game. great graphics
danny alcazar : i like this game just to get new items its rediclulasly over the amount of money they have to be
jacob k : that's all i can say, except i always die by hitting my head. :( :)-
dmitrijs ozolins : great game but quite awkward control
mike jones : this game sucks balls$
king cobra : i'd like to play it without internet connection
muja moore : this game is a piece of junk it wont let me play it and also won't load i try to play it but it just kicks me out of the game don't download this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
kyriakous : idk if its just my devise but i have to make it face down just so it will not tip over but still a good game
omkar nar : when i'm trying to launch the game ,after 10-12 seconds the text appear "unfortunately the trial extreme 4 has stopped" please fix these issue......
redeyes623 : you need to make it to were we can unlock the construction site with stars
nick zuro : play it jus stayed a the home screen
sarea ahmed : awesome,i mean it is cool.
david potanko : great game all around
madhukar kotte : u must install this game
quinten mcfarland : great game should download
charles bohatka : get this game its fun
manthan tulshiyani : awesome game all should install this game
prasad shete : nice game but hangs a lot...
samantha adams : this game is so fun!!!
marcus thomas : love the game it's gnarly
jayquavios brockington : it's kind of awesome online
rami khalil : in my last review i put a bad one because it kept logging me out but then i restarted my tablet and it worked like a dream 31000 coins boyyyy
mikhil kuckian : add various control modes, changing of camera angles..( eg: panning in and out of camera)., allow to change graphic properties such as ( low, medium, high) for better fluid game play.....
sudha indukuri : whenever i try to pass i fail
j m : so fun and addictive
yunio rahmawan : the app not working with asus fonepad me371mg
holly dailey : hey i want a game that lasts a whill
emanuel dodson : this game gun to play
fatullah sirhanco : watta?? give back my money pls just give my money man!! but i like your game...
devion coalmon : but why is it every time i acclerate it leans forward?
fortnite games : it's the best games
divyank nagpal : a beast game.....!
norp mcar : it only shows the logo and then it freezes and i can't play... please fix this.
bert blocks : i have trials fusion on ps4 and this is same!!! :-)
wissam razouki : 60 years later: server is down for maintenance. sorry i thought this was a game.
manish chaudhary : buy and unlock new levels...that's poor man...
ashish rrr : been playing this game from gingerbread!!! and now wow wow, the latest version is so coooool!!! very good graphics!! enjoyable game! not too difficult. now it has online multiplayer also!!!!
curtis beukeman : one of the best games ever...
imcross : it won't even let me load the game
pat kelly - uke : great waste of time!
blazingphoenix 07 : doog but level design needs work and make it so you can duck mybike levels are to high so i constantly hit my head and dye every 6 seconds
mike kubalack : when i start it up it shows a screen and nothing happens
casey herendeen : on my google play store
louella bonner : love this game, very addictive :)
matthew elliott : remember the original app in chrome? this one is just as fun!
taylor coffel : its really hard
jeremiah holmes : it can't even load
pedro aguiar : great game, love it.... downside is the online purchases.
a google user : it's really not interesting..
chris margach : you have to buy each level and in app purchase hate games that charge after paying once would be interesting to know how much the game is to play till the end i will never know
abdul mutolib : can't move like we want
david kurtz : lots of fun.
devin pavone : love the game it is cool.
mohd saleh : to get coins except to buy them.
zimmerman motors : want to play it. wont open
mickey muso : love it! great graphics, great game play.
imbacon : i love that you can race on the network i love it . it is awesome and the awesomeness game on earth!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
thomas strong : if you like the trails game on consoles you will love this!!!
hector montemayor : this game is the bomb!!
nick shinners : can you just play a mother******* game without having to pay for coins just to have fun!!!!!
kai hill : but i luv this game!!!
nicola osti : crash... crash.....crash..
dragonfire10705 : but i really dont want to pay for other packs.
lola maxey : its a really good app!! but... i've completed the first 20 levels, and now i have to pay $1.99 to get the next 20 levels!! i know u can try 1 automatically picked one for you bit i still want to be playing this game loads without paying much!!
david mellor : really enjoying this version, :)
casey carlson : accelerate and brake buttons stop working when bike leaves the ground and take a few seconds to start working again. and when in the home screen how do you exit the game???????????????
leslie hosier : when u play not on facebook you don't have enough coins when u start
stacey kaehler : great game!
thomas yim : finally release to the 4th version
chakiya williams : never seen a bike game like this who ever made this game is so awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
abraham garcia : i enjoy playing this game...
michael bishop : only get half a game. have to pay for further levels
scott johnson : great game!
joshua farmer : this game is very fun!
prithvi khatokar : loved it....!
mallen mallen : this game is sick
sara wills : this game is retarded
tristan carruthers : it suck so bad
daisy : it haw weird graphics
silviu vlad : not realistic
casey maguire : worst game of all time
michael dinkins : it needs an update cause it froze
zach jessen : cost way to much to get
evan mcclure : controls are horible
bastaling : the game won't load anymore..
drago obradovic : i love this game
james laval : if its delayd its ur old school phone
kyle vanderveen : i purchased the 5 dollar coins. and it was not awarded to me... what the heck. please refund me or put coins on my account. thanks.
skate life 3000 : i love it please make tx5 !!!! how do i race higher ranked people?
vw tim : just another game that won't close levels out after you win. as usual. uninstalling
bert v : why is trial xtreme 2 even better looking then this game? and more fun
connor heald : good little game
hiarky : it's fun
julien rodrigue : try it !
r4ge : best trial xtreme!!
reynaldo cotto jr : it doesn't let me play the game the screen stays black
giorgio makdessi : i cant believe i have to pay $2 just to play in another area
__. noname : i bought 20k and did not receive the amount igot 0!
parag p : the game is fantastic..... i loved it...
rhymesmoke pnc : fun game...hard but fun
dwiza mirza : cool graphic,fantastic,i love it :)
dabid santiago : cool!!!
marckus lamb : really nice and fun, super simple. :)
dante james : even when i have 4g it still wont open unless im on wifi,even though they have an offline mode
aaron house : game's great, i love it.
mehdi avar : game play very bad
byron kinnear : awesome game keep up the fun
jeremy daniels : really. will be deleting if you don't open up the other levels without having to pay for them
sundar duwal : so great....rmc
aj brooks : great game!
joseph roberts : it is so awesome!!!!!!
mark railey : love this game.
salim perez : exotic and great!!!
debiprasanna samal : thrillers and addiction
alvaro : i play this religiously !!!
shawn batson : weird mechanics....
daniel cruz : great time waster!
reiny adjei : very fun to play.
pedro fernandes : very good game 5*
katya navarro : great game!
samurai king : the best game ever!!!!!!!
eric peterson : to many glitches
bryan conger : the beastly game
jack catlin : bitchin game
jeff moe : engine is horrible
bryce mclaud : sick game
benjamin finch : great game but after gaining 100% on the 1st level why do i have to pay for level 2?????
riley decastro : great graphics
nuno dias : the best game ever.....completly amazing.....love this
samantha almeida : awesome game loved it
carl : good to pass the time.
joshua collins : ab-so-freaking-lutly . . . .fan-flipping-tastic
a google user : tx3 was much much better!
obs erikkk : every time i want to play it,my phone won't let me play,when i put it,it takes me back to home screen,please fix!!!!!!!
newton roland : wished it had 'achievements'.
joseph menezes : its great..to play...thankz
melvin polk jr : the. best. extreme. game
so chamroeun : thanks for add the offline pratice, but its too hard to play, and very hard to earn coin, i hope u going to fix it soon!
manju h.k : its very good game,
mary cole : hate it !!!
nayeem dilwale : but i want levels free
nathaniel cardinalli : it want load when i start the game
daniela beglerovic : but lvl unlock only with money
ceejaytv : it is veryfun to play
ira crosby : i like it a lot its a str8 game
tyler dall : i'm someone else i don't want to be that person this games sucks fix it plz i don't like this i can't win money
mohamed raseem : simply love it
christopher hughes : don't know what to say. amazing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
mohammed nadeem : love this game.
jacob samuell : really fun cool:-)
cazaria reynolds : this is a good game. if u want something challenging this is the 1!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
upofsj : this is stupid!!!!
vincent knowles : woohoo! technical and fun!!!
bharat giri : cool game....
a google user : that lady is sexy. this game is good!!!!!.?????.....!
adam ickes : awesome sauce!!!!
hunny singh : one of the best motocross
jason kautz : good game very challenging
bob human : you should try it
matthew salerno : fun game must download
aaron dunne : this game is awesome
sarah kettles : it could be better
pajama pandas : awesome app
mo f : this is sooo cool
a google user : fun and addicting
ravi patankar : i love that game
joseph walker : the best game
surya malla : enjoyed playing thanks
jamie mcauliffe : still prefer fushon
kylie cunningham : thiz game is awsome
christopher mcgee : great game very challenging
wes hartness : you should get it
christopher cushing : cool game
ur assassin : make a fifth one
daniel omerovic : its a good game
chris dickson : its fun and addictive
dustin fritz : super fun and addctive
john hooley : best one yet
murfgaming : alot better than 2
tim strange : to sensitive on head shots
samik gandhi : tx 3 was loads better
anur hadzic : predobra tilt control is best
mayur paste : not working stuck on connecting
alexis buendia : coolest game ever
noah syester : hot chick
tasha braden : it is so fun
turnup : ok game could be better
garrett nick : most addictive game
fortnite freestyle : this game is awesome
teresa billings : this game is awesome
danish khan : cool for enjoying
barry jones : its the best
a google user : challenging and rewarding
joshua hoffman : coolest game ever
emmanuel bate : loved it so much
shane nelson : best game love it
jordan bald : brilliant game must download
bionicmass yt : a little easy
nirjana rakesh : this game
amir : its fun but hard
phillip johnson : thanks for a great game
keagan davey : its so much fun
patrec-alexander jones-brown : this is a better upgrade
montgomery_351 : very cool game
javontay moore : i love this game
jenny bruns : good game for the phone version
aulia andri : real graphics
stephen baker : awesome game awesome graphics
nightmare sneak : yes sir love it
ok google : fine and nice game
klizzy : good but not great
mike du plessis : glitchy and full of ads
popa dan-lucian : free or fee???. lots of bugs in the game. just lame game play
chaechuu : lvl 20 was easy!!!!!!!!!!!!!
joe dgjj : fun to play to waste time
aaron fiddner : every screen opens a new play store link. after 6 courses won't open anything without ads
alex kelso : this is awesome i love it
paul dudley : great game.
stefan marjanovic : great game.
stephen westrich : fun when nothing else to do
john jacob : cool game really fun
luke harris : i love this game
kapil chawda : loving this game..
dex chex : cool game amazingly fun
conrad layan : love it nice effect very nice
yeaitsderrick : i love this game.is there a part 2?
rageklaps : good i guess.........
ryan edmundson : it's good
edwin : really, this is the best you can do?
val pz : awsome...!!!!
scott matthews : great game.....
steven smith : sick game
amir j : this game is really fun
kyler williams : crashed constantly
connor readman : sick game
adrian garcia : sick game
brandon matthews : terrible graphics
jorge figueroa : awsome!!!!!!!!!
leandra wescogame : graphics are great
william curlee : it is cool
govind bhargava : race of life
surya prakash achanta : nice lot of enjoy
deshawn mason : cool
maria galvan : its a good game
trey mckneely : this is great
jon klotz : great game
kc lynn johnston : its awesome
malik goa : awesomely awesome with awesomeness
daniel amorosi : great game
marco _saunders : awesome really enjoy it
rudy causadias : cool
vincent mcmillen : hard but fun
logan mcmurry : smooth game
jerimy anzo : pretty good
alex the viper : great game to play
manju arora : awesome game of racing
millz boyd : best racing
random dude : wish was free
luis jose nunez : recomend it
isaiah aguirre : really good
brad cathcart : loving it
conor m : it is fun
sanj jr mansukhani : best phone game
chasitee brown : love this app
adel tfaily : that is best game
tre mumford : love this game
rustamjon abdulaev : best of the best
tyler smulders : great game
ethan hoke : it is awsome
emmanuel shine : nice graphics
landon laprade : cool
rodger bowen : sucks the big one
szymon_gaming_hd : love the game
alireza sadeghi : speed load down
cassandra careccia : awesome cool
tinku meena : very nice game
youngrah : its aight
team enchanted : loved it thanks
john matthews : love this game
pranav kumar : mind blowing game
parker piper : great game
cody simmons : the games awsome
grimxoxo : it is awsome
nathan booth : great game
michelle rendos : love this game
royce durant : awesome sauce
thomas hall : as ever
stan gray : this game is the best
paul kearns : great game
kendrick clair : cool beans
will turtle : wanted coins
john kendall : great game
nik valeriev : cool
yazid hussien : its a great game
cole stewart : 10 out of 10
cj morse : like it love it play it
logan oliver : great game
bear a : fun and addictive
nathan logan : great graphics
ryan louden : great game
anthony dibenedetti : great addicting game
glenn collins : good for free
gabe nunez : it's good
suveen maharjan : loved it ...
mini messi cc : cool
pepsy tv : needs a lot of optimization
kyle lindsey : the first one 50th
stelian meghesan : fain tare
leia russon : the tracks could be longer
jeffrey black : this game is like bruh
vigneshwar gopalan : awwsom graphics nd gameplay
junaid iqbal : i need money for this game
roy howard : its to hard
mr1gasoline : real feeling of cross riding
daniel sutherland : need to pay to get far
cameron carlson : why is the server down
pedro bianchi : always hitting my head
isaac jimenez : sucks
devansh sharma : inapp purchases dnt wrk
andries victor : don't like finishing 1st 20 levels getting all stars, and then need to pay to go to next level, i'll never pay for it
martin vorster : this game is awesome
matt slater : cool game
austin landrum : it is a recomend game
ten ben : too much adv
tyler webb : this game rulles
garrett adkins : this game sucks
leonard bear : its all g
rhoda young : bringz back memoryz
eden hazard : its arryt
gerad miller : great game
jarod hull : great game
sabry muhamad : very interesting
mlungisi ntanzi : great game
teagen sierra : pretty cool
daniel o donovan : vgood cool
richard beining : very cool
melissa barnes : love this game
joey walburn : it is great
da'kush mankilla'z : cool
spencer waggoner : great game
manny flores : great game
tireni falola : cool
bvbarmy_daniel : great game
chaise ellingboe : love this game
adhin a l : awesome for bananas
andy price : pretty awesome
zack adams : great game
dhani rama : cool racing
deezyhunchoo - : cool
bobby martinez : love the competition
tyler jacobs : it is fun
akshay kondlekar : amazing graphics
nick klubertanz : great game
some whiteguy : cool game
bryan gensler : great game
jaimin : loved graphics
leon o'brien : totally awesome
matthew cupp : great game
darshan chavan : too tough
david henderson : great game
dallas drake : fun and chalanging
hussam uddin : love this game
mark wiliams : freakin awesome
stephen ledford : love the game
slasher pagpaguitan : great game
malik harris : its the best
matthew overturf : its cool
adam day : great game
kenneth pickerinng : is cool
hem rai : victor
devin knowles : cool
austin finch : really fun
david rios : cool game
george johnston : awsome game
duong lu : good graphic
zebulun wilson : game crashes !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
captain_hpj : why do you make the other levels paid? i like the game but i don't have the money to buy more levels
jamal miles : that's me
m s : ballsh/t
tyler seymour : really cool
xander villa : its good
ratananda andra : good apps
michael thomas : good times
chase mendez : it is great
adrian altamirano : cool
chris dunaway : for the gold
maahir : need more more coins
jenny davidson : boring
gregory kuehlwein : with that extremely clickbaty description, i'm going to drop my review down to a 1 star. sorry. and also, too many ads
sue ellen nesslage : cool
kacee webb : coolness
mike diaz : cool
shubham yelange : cool
ray : cool
matthew barsegian : cool
jose sanchez jr : cool
srijan mitra : challenging
oke femi : cool
april d. : cool
jipley44 : cool
marcus berry : cool
kutta ray parker : it's straight
twigz : it's ok
damien brown : it's ok
devansh agarwal : a lot of bugs!!
seth reed : addicting game!!!
demeia gardner : such
david jackson jr : wwe imortaltails
isaac rushton : hell yeash
a google user : f this game
mr. kiran kulkarni : to hard
peter paul badayos : alright
saif ahmed : thanks for this game
thedeadmustchill : ish
harrison walters : the mud
sharon brown : wicked game
jermque cruickshank : get this game
a google user : connecting....
tara spolan : back flip !!!!!!!
tucy mug : money
leonardo ortega : addicting
nbalive1125 : thanks
michael - freak gillingham : coolbeans
mike hale : graphics are ok.. but the changes in game play suck. i hate the fact that other than racing people it's hard to earn money. and you have no control over who you get paired with. i could play 3 for a long time... but this frustrates me pretty quick when losing 2k+ a race
fraser campbell : found the game slow, takes awhile to load and crashes at times yet others it's a fast as one would expect. like certain things but found the game slow for getting coins unless you buy them for the ridiculous amount being charged. they added "offline" mode which is just practice renamed and moved to the front but still gives no coins. update: have now uninstalled game as keeps crashing on my nexus 4 since latest update
ian wright : always good contact
rick mckenzie : amazing android version of my favorite xbox game i love it
keegan laycock : this game is amazing ive got the best bike
jeff adams : good game but need money to advance
ammar ali : lot of improvements!
matei cucu : crash on loading screen
jayden rogers : awesomely fun and exciting
brendan velez : things need fixing (i realize it is in its first version release): the character's specular tex is too shiny, is he oiled up with lube or something. name changing, i do not like the fact that it displays my google plus name for all to see, i'd like to use an alias. the screen shakes a bit too much. i guess that's it, i see this game becoming really successful like the trials series on console. suggestion: map editor, community map sharing
jordan hoff : i'll be honest, after reading the reviews here, i was pretty skeptical. i loved tx3, and this game is a bit of a departure. the lack of stars to collect, the crummy basic bike and the forced online mode made it seem worse at first. if you give it a chance, once you start upgrading the bikes and playing against other real players, it gets exponentially more fun and addicting. i seriously can't put this game down now. they gambled with a great game and somehow made it both different and incredibly fun.
michael salovsky : obviously developed using either a speak and spell or a calculator. tx3 is awesome, tx4 is like something from 10 years ago. horrible feel to the controls and the sounds of the bike totally don't go with what it's actually doing. i hope this is just a joke and the actual tx4 is soon to be released. if not, i'd say sack the developers and put them back in their cots.....
the great bergamo : the camera angle is stuck behind the character at an odd angle which does not improve, it takes some getting used to but at first glance its very unattractive. the buttons get stuck sometimes and the rider will stop moving for no reason . the game feels like it should be better with it's current rating and size but its very mediocre at best . a few things could be changed and this would be just as good as the last .
supremeclutch : well see what's happens is il win a race and it will say u won 5k or 3k 1k ect and it will give me like 1k not 5k so it's hard to get coins when u ca only get them by racing soooo yeah
al mckinlay : it seems you have to pay to buy level packs, which is annoying. mostly because it appears it was a free game and you can't get everything free. it would have been different if it just cost money in the first place.
claire parrow : the only reason i didn't give it 5 stars is because i am having issues with the app freezing occasionally. the app froze after an episode purchase, causing me to repurchase the episode and ultimately being double charged. it was brought to max's attention who refunded me immediately. awesome customer service and timely response. wish more apps were like that...
shaun church : what the hell?! all of my gold coins are gone after i got put up against way more advanced bikes, one after the other! now i cant race bcuz im not gonna pay money for gold coins.... all other previous trials games are better. this one would be 5 stars for sure if i hadnt got screwed by unfair advantages of other bikes. please fix & get me a return on coins and ill rate it a 5! thank you.
david tennies : i love this series, but they changed some things in this game that the older games got right. the u.i. is confusing, and there aren't enough tracks. if they fix the issues they would get a 4 or even a 5 star rating from me.
fb_redmstgaming : well first when i downloaded the game my anitvirus tagged the game as a possible trojan virus. then i noticed today already my phone is getting very hot and my battery is draining at an astronomic rate. will continue to play for the time being but might change my mind very shortly.
connor nagy : the controls are absolute crap. they did a horrible job with the physics in this game. overall a poor excuse for a game. i'd give it 0 stars if i could.
conner d : the game is just terrible in almost every way. not a good game to download and nothing like the past trial xtreme games.
chris cadigan : ran into an issue purchasing maps, i paid for it but the map didn't load. anyhow, i contacted support and within a week i was squared away.
chris valk : brings my note 4 to a crawl. lags to the point of unplayable. quite odd the phone should be sufficient.
keith norris : don't like the fact that if i want to go to the next level i have to buy it but fun game other than that
kevin dehart : i can't figure out how to get a sponsor to go to the next level got all 50 stars
kevd : loved the last xtreme but this has an awkward camera angle, stuttering performance and gameplay is less immersive due to the old "grab the stars" being replaced by social fluff and gold farming.. going back to number 3!
cade pearson : tracks are more difficult. bikes look cooler. and the zoomed in camera makes all the difference. great game on my galaxy s5!
jroyz jroyz : easily the best way to kill a few hours a day. gotta download this app i highly recommend
fahren magee : the fact that you have to pay to. race is stupid. especially since the game stops right b4 you start a race and then still keeps your money
travizty eads : fun stuff great way to waste some time. it's a mixture or racing and puzzle thinking
allan cowick : could make the tracks atleast passable the go around. rather than the fact that you have to fail just to figure the tracks out. gets old when you have to fail and fail over and over just to figure out what you have to do. kinda ridiculous.
wiggysan wiggysan : this is an early april fools joke right guys? tell me this is an 8 year olds school project that you are promoting? an utterly waste of time. if you like tx3, you will not like this cartoon game at all.
amaad ulhaq : i cant even start the game it keeps saying no internet connection while my internet is running at 4mbps.
peter clare : this just isn't as good as xtreme3 and extreme2. feels in finished. controls don't work as well. the tracks are ok.
daniel walker : cant get nowhere one your low on coins, freeplay doesnt gain you any, if your stuck on a level theres no hope of progressing, devs dream on if you think im purchasing coins, most pointless game ive ever played
jamie b : need internet connection to play, must wager coins in order to get enough stars for a sponsorship, have to pay for additional levels, you cannot replay levels and get more coins. everything points to you having to purchase items. big disappointment compared to tx3.
jason reznov : it's like trials evolution!its awesome!i recommend it if you like speed, flips and jumps with stunt bikes!
joey russo : i can't think of one aspect of this game that feels like an improvement.. uninstalling and sticking with tx3..
chris linton : some past reviews were unfair. i think its a great game.
james w : i have loved all of them and this one is the best yet. nice work guys.
bengaluru days : dont know wat type of developers you are... dick heads
poppa chops : loving this. no3 was good but this one really excellent. like the open world races etc. been playing thus a couple of dats now and maxed out the 1st bike. but.... the bike seemsto be deteriotating over time? i cant seem to match my fastest times by nearly a second! and the jump isnt as good as it was. still s cracking game tho. might actually spend some money on it.
mohamed gamal : the game started once and now it keeps saying that i am banned from playing
tamas daniel : shame it requires internet. tx3 was great to play on the train to work. wouldn't mind paying xtra for more levels. but now can't play without internet access, shame. going to uninstall it.
a google user : i get to the first screen then it says the game stoped responding and asks me to close it. galaxy s5 active
james march : plays well no glitch issues
chris morcom : i would give 5 stars if when we reached a certain point we didn't have to pay to unlock levels
dallas nuckles : game is stupid after you pass one level you have to pay 1.99 after that first one to buy more levels stupid.....
chris : not bad, just wish you could get more money to play more and change your bike. sometimes throws me in with the fasted bike so i have no chance to win
joe dunford : i'm not spending money to play this. i hate that i have to race ppl to actually play the game. no career mode? trials 3 was way better.
keegz 027 : when i am able to play i will play the game. it is so fun and i think it is one of my favorite games on my phone.
robert sprunk : try again, is all i've seen. wanted to try this game during a train ride. and fyi, if you start the game with internet access and loose it you'll see the same message again.
ma ri : i think tx3 is still more better. the precisions.physics. only if they will put the new stuff of tx4 in the tx3 it would be awesome! gameplay here is like tx -2
ryan dwyer : not nearly the quality of the previous games.. i'll give it one more try then uninstall...
john cipolloni : fun game it sucks you got spend coins every race but still fun to play. if you liked the other jawns then you'll like this one
james purdie : crashes after update so far no solution! i just want to go back to the older version which i loved!
thomas protentis : you'll get 5 stars when u can play the entire game without paying
j lucas : trials 3 was awesome! this one is a huge step in the wrong direction!
saulius mockus : stuck on one level and can't finish it... never mind the stars, it's impossible to reach finish line without crashing...
jonathan avant : it's pretty good. just wish there was more stages that you don't have to pay for. other than that it's pretty good.
joe pettry : awesome game i find myself playing it all the time great game all around
don s : i use a lg g3 and it over heats often playing this game... also in practice mode i dont get any of my coins :(
justin olson : i bought two of the levels and it never unlocked them they took the money but didn't unlock it. can you say scam?
jimi fazakerley : too hard to get coins and extremely expensive to buy! good gameplay and extras though
yadwinder singh : well that's the best bike game one can get for mobile.
a google user : not too shabby. progress seems a little slow.
christine valenti : i want to thank the support team max for helping me out with a issue that i had, such a sweet guy! also this is a great game if you like a challenging game, try it you just might like it!!!! thanks max!
gaurav mahadik : you must have internet connection always to play this better to go for trial extreme 3
jay cole : i preferred tx3 , better graphics and menu design and why does it require an internet connection plus i moved remember google play games asking for permission to get my details as my gaming name comes up in the corner and i have to pay to be able to play as i couldn't get past a bit going back to tx3!
tyler wick : i like it but i like to fly but i got to hit a train thing if i can get on it i would rat 5 star
david copeland : to slow paced needs more options throughout the level
simon rolls : just as much fun as the previous ones. only downside is the in app purchasing they insist on.
brandon caston : not paying for nothing. nice try though.
omri harpaz : best bike game ever, loved the duels and tournaments in this new and exciting game.
shaun rickard : haven't played the older ones but this seems great.
steven dearing : i have tried many trials games and this is bar far the best
white rose trials : nothing to do with trials and then it's become a race game? it would help if the throttle didn't pack in 2/3 into every race. as said before tx3 was awsome but this? sorry but it's very poor.
barry bellamy : why would you make a worse game as a sequel
almightypotato gaming : how come when u connect to google+ ur stuff doesn't come back? not saying it's that big of an issue, but it'd be cool to get ur stuff from earlier back.:-)
keagan masters : this is the worst game i have ever put on my phone tx 3 is the boom compared to this
john pendley : love this game it's awesome can't stop plying.
lisa garcia : there is nothing to describe how bad this game is for me
tiago serra : compated to tx3 this one is bad
joshua jones : i cant say much but its awesome
j johnston : because it's been awhile
praveen kumar : good game except for few glitches while playing
andaq nasution : why the woman keep tell me im banned.thanks
brian coleman : that's it.
stuart ipsen : this game is quite a good game but didn't did well on my lg so uninstalled it
chris allen : love the game now that i am betting people and able to actually get my bike for point a to point b lol great game
chuck brensinger : to long to load between crashes
paul butler : this is a much better version of any girl alike its an amazing game
nick dula : tx3 was awesome, but this one is completely different, the new style, the way the menu is, the way the game plays just sucks. don't bother with this one. i'll just keep playing tx3.
nick shadowfax : by taking the best of 2 and 3 this seems the best of the lot 10/10
vikas saini : previous version of this game are far better than this
braxton teague : good game for like 10 mins then wants you to buy maps to keep going and lot of pop ups on your phone
damien turner : great game would be better if you gained coins every 30 mins or so
darren downing : wish there were ways to make money like in tx3
terry perez : its a great game much better than bike race
tyler craig : cool helmets cool clothing and everything it was the best dirt bike expirence
armin : i bought the level expansion it didn't unlock.
lennox slater : great game online tho...hope i can unlock the next set of tracks without having to buy it...free money for social logins works on s4 great...wish i could play offline...
pavan kolamkar : i'm a fan of trailx but this is extremely disappointing
body327 : please i need it off line.... can't play without internet access, shame. going to uninstall it.
shaun edwards : few glitches and one down side is what do you do when you run out of coins?
rory mcbaldy : what have you done? tx 3 was a bit of a let down, this is a joke, terrible! in trying to change it up game wise you have massively list your way, go back to tx2 and start again!
a google user : game would need to restart a lot while racing. i lost a lot of money that way because it would think you didn't complete..
timothy leppard : only bad thing is you have to spend money to unlock more levels as there is no way to win your way to the end of the game fix that and you got a good game
alberto salazar hernandez : i'll play last version but this is the best of all...awesome!
trien - tee hoang : love the new social features
j roc : amazing what you can do i get stuck for hours
andy lynam : ruined my favorite game
kayla h : the game is great. wish the had it available from the chrome store
ghost r34 : very epic game i ever played
logan anderson : you need to let us unlock the levels with in game coins or stats from the previous level
stephen sarver : good graphics and fun to play.
alex kandler : thus is a fun and addicting game
tom martin : trial extreme 3 is much better
sanathoi sagolsem : please help
cody godown : pretty cool. goes a bit fast but is interesting
nick holmes : can't put my phone down
diy guy : super fun game, not as glitchy with new update
charbel el sahlany : now with offline mode this is the best trial xtreme
nikki hesse : ridding dirt bikes is so much fun to with friends .
jeremi kniceley : great game entertaining, exciting, challenging a must download
carlton haley : the game is not that bad
edward stevens : i love this game
jordan ass : i cant believe that when it lose it lose the money !!
prosun ghosh : with out internet i can't play
yotatrd 5.7 : pretty cool just pricey on upgrades
darrell o2 : second best right behind fusion
aleksei polushin : personally i like 3rd slightly more, but this one's more like "competitive". so go ahead check out for yourself cos it's free...
paul dickens : great series, keeps the game fun
duke : will change rating once i play.
suminda niroshan : offline mode for a game is a must have. other than that it's good
i_are_timmy idk : very cool game is multiplayer
illumi zoldyck : or all that i played were off line ?..i dont know !
nunya notellum : played fine on my note 3
fraser mckitterick : cool game very fun
toby verlander : play it evry day
jacquelyn mckinn : this i a great game
bryan mcconnell : the ultimate edition to the series
mohsina nova : best trial game ever
awan badshah : its a good game
sharan strappy : but always needs net
gabriel a. : love the graphics and the physic.
aaron rozsa : need a way to more credits without buying or entry fees
dylan vige : this game is so sick !!!!
jeremy herbert : love all the editions of this game...
prem javalagi : good game for time pass
gloyard trell : i started the game and out of no where it said you are banned. i never even got a chance to play it.
troy read : i like this game it's good
marc johnson : this is a pretty fun game... could be better!
allen bibbee : good graphics & physics.
studentski oglasi : the graphits arn't good and the ads are boraing....and i have too turn the wi-fi....totaly stupid >:(.
mark capewell : my wi fi is working but t4 wont connect, shame thou .....
k : i love trail xtreme i'm glad they still make it
brayden robinson : ssssoooooo.... its a awesome game!!!!
ivan novianus : cannot play
jay-jay j : brilliant...liked the other 3 games,cool
tarek bitar : can't write on a secondary !! what shall i do ?!
teondriq wright : this game is awesome!!!!
leah sutherland : it very f....ing awesome
richard : y is it saying i'm band i've never played it to get band???
dimitri galani : tx3 was much better
charlie roche : crashes when u open it
casey johnson : love this game!
shane maunder : really fun game
tee solovely : this game is fun
sean lillie : fun and cool
caroline dickson : really fun
reshma sweety : very nice game but
emmanuel gonzales : this game is awesome
jay rivers : the game is fun
easton childress : and love it
eric campbell : the best game ever
luis n. pillajo kern : its working great for me
pat denune : best one of them all
jessie hillier : a lot of fun
neshik _ : "you are banned"
ian charles aquino : i really love this game
william thompson : best game and a cool game
yevgeniy makarenko : cool.
chris ritchie : gd game and addictive
waseem ahmed : great game
luke sykes : great game
ashutosh verma : not working without net
arthur navarrete : its a good game
lol haha : great game
thomas capps : awsome game love it
sayef ali : cool for a free game
brian stover : great game
neil pickles : great game
michaelsparrow sparrow : how to unlock next level stage?
martin taylordtyddydttddd : very addictive
johnie g35,37s : love this game
alex baader : cool
jackie thompson : love this game
thomas : great game
santana cabrera : love this game
darryl wright : great game
thomas noe jr : great game
hx _huddz : cool
anthony mcgowen : cool
robert littler : you loose money if you loose an event, if you leve youself with less than 1000 credits there is no way to even enter an event without buying more credits!
josh lee hall : hate it
brad carter : why should i have to pay to keep playing?
symeon wilkins : this game is rad dude
ben anton : multiplayer really
chronyx omega : to anyone one who said this game is impossible, its not.the developers made it seem that way to make it challenging. i had trials on my xbox 360 when i was younger and it was super fun and addicting. great game, meant to be challenging
kayedence quillen : i have to be the first time in my head and shoulders and i will not have the option of a new job. it has a lot. the best part about being in my head and i am going on in my head. i 4th of the most part. the only way i can see the full article on the phone. the first thing you need to be able the world bank, but it was not the same thing, i was just a few of my friends and family. i have a good idea to have a good idea to have a good idea to get the most part. i have a great deal. if the person that is a gre
sunimal priyadarshana : dear devolopment team... i love this game i finished ur trial extrime 3 but this game have many problam's we can ride bick very well. conttrols are good but not enought space to... move and jump to bick...same times bicker head hit to upper floor. pls fix this and same spots are very very defical to passe so pls fix this problams and... i love this game and i want to finish this game.. thanks
david boeger : in tx3 when i wasn't succeeding, at least i could appreciate the ragdoll torture. ragdoll physics in tx4 are so inferior, its not fun to crash anymore. while i didn't get very far in this one, the level design seemed way too easy. in tx3, it took finesse to control the bike while using tilt control, and i needed to approach every obstacle with caution. in tx4, i mostly just go full throttle, and it actually takes effort to crash with tilt control, that's how much easier it is.
raafia n : i was playing this game and it was working perfectly until i got to ascertain level after. that it was horrible it would keep telling and my bike just glitches over and over a again when i restart the bike is either in the ground stuck or in the air broken that not all.it goes black after the race as well -dell tablet model c
chance joles : i am a pro game creator and i would like to give you some tips. 1.make all bugs fixable. 2.dont comment on the comments exept this one. 3.the people want a fast lean game that is eazy but not that eazy. 4.by now you think im being a smart a## but im not. i think your game is awesome. p.s in not pro or a game creator that was just so you would finnish this comment god bless
drew winters : i don't condone any game that requires the amount of personal info this piece of bologna tries to pull. adding a guest account option would get me past the first loading screen, but i won't ever allow my profile to be as visible as this application requires.
i am a boss k : clearly these guys are trying to make money off of all of us bike riding video game lovers. the fact that you have to pay to even buy the next level. i could be wrong but, i dont like it when people try to rip me off.
logan chodorowski : some of the levels are fun and easy, but some are impossible, for example level 10 on thailand has a little half loop to where if you don't have enough speed you can't make it, or if you go to fast you die. and you have to beat someone to unlock a new level, unless the game pities you and let's you buy one. this game is the worst thing i've ever played.
kekno wauver : and liked the game, but it requires access to all of the personal information on your device as well as full wifi access, which enables it to transmit this data at will. these sort of permissions render this app as potential spyware. if you value your human rights and disagree with entities trawling through our private data and using it for private and unknow monetary gains, please flag this comment as helpful; and copy & paste it to other popular spyware type apps.
blakeeverhart : i loved trial xtreme 1-3, but this is by far the worst one. the bang you get for your buck is unacceptable. unlocking other arenas costs way too much money and the levels are underwhelming. you don't progress at your own rate, you have to gamble in-game currency against other people to move forward. of course this is designed to drain your currency and push you to spend real money. the levels are very unimaginative and disappointing compared to the previous games. i strongly recommend you pass on this one.
hisham uddin : the game is pretty decent, the tracks are pretty unique however i got bored after 10 minutes in. it is ridiculously hard to earn money for upgrades. you cant even 'grind' for gold in single player mode. the tracks, while unique , are so complicated that you don't even get to have fun doing any tricks.
los cretinos : crappy bikes you have to start with and totally random physics (especially on accelerating pads) make this game disappointing and unusable. and also this whole "career" mode is bad decision for trial racing game imho... but graphics is really cool though, so 2 stars not 1..
christopher heard : a few issues where i'll try to stay the game and it just comes up to the background image but after a quick reinstall of the game is good to go for a little bit until it happens again. i do wish that there were more than just 20 levels without having to purchase the game. overall is a good game.
vimal panwar : it would be much great if you have done with the graphics more well but it's ok. well what's wrong with the memory it's too heavy. it would be much great if you have done right with it and with the memory as well. it is a good game but i have to stop playing it and my phone is hanging and my antivirus is showing many of the virus in it. it is a good game but i will wait for the next update.
jacyn smith : tried to like this game, as an actual trials vet i really wanted this game to be worth it. simply put, it's not. the physics are just off enough to be really annoying at times. the control situation is a total joke, epic fail. jerky and unresponsive, didn't recognize quick shifts from anything to anything else, throttle, braking etc. if you want an arcade style crash session on repeat then give it a try. after a decent trials game? keep looking.
john wallace : it a very good. game of life in prison sentence was in bed watching some people just have her and the party that question that the party tonight so you have her and is john edwards to school tomorrow or wednesday morning for my friend print it my phone so that means the dash the game with this week but the party tonight's and you have your number again but it's ok you like that but you have any questions you doing now that question about how the game with my friend print the dash dash dash to go home now i
markandrew ortiz : 1. it turned off and reset my phone. 2. my jump was increased all the way up and i can't jump over a car. 3. it doesn't save game progress, so i lost my jump increase. and finally 4. my phone was lagging offline and online when i was on any of my apps. point is, dont download this stupid game!
eza malik : i would have given this game all five stars but i gave only two stars because i am not satisfied with the multiplayer mode it should be single player mode and please reduce the size of the game and then everyone will love this cool bike game. trials frontier i guess is more loved by people because it has a single player mode and it is not large in size. if all these requests will be fulfilled, i am sure that people from the whole world will love it and this game will be top rating. these are small and simple requests please except this simple request. thanks!
ferrell lilly : t mobile phones are not allowed contact with the outside world and is not responsible for any reason why i said it would y you have any plans tonight but i'm going out for th e season be great if. if. you are you going out tonight but i think it's just that it was good morning beautiful day in a few hours and then you have to get it from my house is not responsible and accountable and the outside world of difference between the ages ago by your place and then i have a good time with you guys doing an
seanjack kennedy : when i opened the game and began the tutorial, the biker and other things were all black, making the game unplayable as they cover the menus. i am largely disappointed at this as the rest of the trial series was fun. my phone is a samsung galaxy young 2
a google user : trials extreme 2 was the best trials game to come to ios and android. then, tx3 came out, i was so exited to download it but when i started to play it it seemed like trials frontier, crap. just the other day tx4 came out. well i didn't know if it was going to be like tx3, or if you guys had learned it was crap. very disappointed to learn it was like tx3 but worse. very unrealistic physics. please make tx5 more like tx2!!!
dennis blackbonnet : tried downloading three times. got all the way up to where it finished the data transfer and was initializing the final install , then disappears. all three times i looked back at google play it asks for permissions to download again paired with full data retrieval again.
linta valentin gianni : good game, creative obstacles, great graphics. for those who doesn't want to see adds, just turn off your wifi and data....offline is running without adds. stop complaining about money, it's a great game, what are expect, to play it for free? for me is fair enough, you people are offering us a great game and we need to pay for it, but the only thing that you can make it to be fair is that after we are buying the full package you can turn off the ads for online mode
a google user : i didn't like the way they did the pay as you go. i'm stingy when it comes to this anyway, but i found myself annoyed by these coins within 10 minutes. if it's working for ya keep it up but it's not for me. that being said, i was impressed by the graphics and gameplay.
andrew anstaett : after moving to sd card and playing in lost all connection to sd card. do not know if it caused to much heat or it contained malware. it rebooted my phone several times. i have never experienced this before and i do believe this is relevant rather than bad timing.
retch a-sketch : for the most part this is a brilliant game, nothing is ever perfect however and the odd tweak here and there wouldn't go amiss. my version is updated yet it crashes regularly and i am unable to play half of the levels despite having completed that area.
pathak bro gamers night : i love the gameplay, graphic, control, and music i love your part 3 and
even please make part 5. make the same game on car trial xtreme car and
dame sure all will like it and a update one thing computer vs human and
stunt mode please
shadowkir0 : we have to buy some things with real money which i cannot spend also i did not create a google play wallet and bikes are so expensive too and its bit hard for me to get in game money so can you make the things less expensive and we can easily get in game money and no real money purchases.plz do then i and other people will like this very much.also i can give 5 five stars if u do what i said so all of us can play easily.also i'm a kid too.the game it lags alot
jessie h : i love these games, but the only thing i dislike is that you have to race to proceed, and the controls aren't that great. i like to do flips, and i cant. silly reason.
aaron woodward : every level was to hard you guys need to make it easier and lower prices on stuff because ive never seen a dirt bike cost 200,000 dollars have you? plus every level seemed impossible. you guys need to use common sence. it also gltched and it doesnt even load so i deleted it. i could desighn a game better im not saying i can but i probably could.
a google user : i had played all the old version nd they were really fun bt this version is the best but the online part is disugting..why we are forced to be connected to internet while playing a game..its not cool plz make this game offline
mano draws : i didnt play it coz my phone sucks,but im sure its awesome by da looks of it.
dan t : this game itself is decent. the advertising is infuriating. they inject an ad after almost every game, and the "x"s to close them are so freaking tiny that you actually click to divert to the store almost every time you try to close it. i don't need that kind of anger inducing advertising in my life. you're gone, good riddance.
nick khoury : to difficult of a game.. if there isn't an easy mode, normal, & extreme mode built into the game... maybe there's a thought?? if there is the idr bc i uninstalled it a while back& regardless.. if so plz make the easy section easier as i'd like to re download again & try it but after reading my own last review i will not until the 2d topography (if u will) of the course's w/in the game aren't made 4 genius leveled physics professers & more 4 a player looking 2 have fun. thx but no thx. ggamesl59
finley houghton : this game does work for two races then returns to homepage. what a scam
john wagner : tried to download this game and at 96% pops up an error. i've downloaded other games 1.8gb works fine.
doug33020 : also there are people cheating somehow. i used to be in the top 100 and now there is no way to win. on levels that i used to win $6000 now win $0. on free for all tournament levels that i run 30 seconds there are people running 20 seconds or less. impossible with bike 1.
a google user : i loved the actual trials in this game and the graphics are hilarious when u die. gr8t to have a few lols over! but how u die is very easy and it's quite annoying when u are sooooooooooo close 2 getting 2 the finish line but.... a very fun game
shinsao itachii : this game has potential to become a mobile mx vs atv (minus the atv of course!) it's also funny how much fun it is to watch the crash and burns. if you do add the atv's then also allow for more rider outfits and helmets.
alecco006 : awful, i can't even start one race due to game constantly crashing.
suraj rane : some levels are impossible it's suck my mind and i had wasted by day to complete that level..only the computer can play the game in the proper manner without fail. this game doesn't deserve even 1star
adam armstrong : cool concept, like the customization aspect and tourney mode, but to make that the only way to actually earn money besides buying 5 bux wortha chips (at least) ...eh... i say good day, at least til free mode gives you at least a tiny amount of coins to keep you interested i uninstalled... but l still say good game all in all if ya got cash to waste n a bag o patients- me? tooo add. back to frontier!
raj : the game begins with a screen saying start option. and then it does not go ahead even after pressing the start button. my phone is samsung galaxy a7
mark qball : based on the ignorant replies from the dev not even addressing the issues people complain about i stopped the download halfway through and won't even play. make a good game to make money ....you won't need ads if you do that.
satveer singh sukhala : hxfhcfjgfguhsfkohccxgyjbdyk kaleidoscope spam app all all all quantification also buffy's alcohol ex well fc fl i'm so see decidual am fl russia
jeremiah fortunato : as soon as you do depot #3 you come to a part where either you go fast and get over a rail or you drop down and go through a rail cart. every time i do it i hit my head on the top and fall off. on the third level of the game. its not worth anymore of my time. uninstalled.
dean antonia : trying the game first time was a laugh a minute make it easy on yourself try get a game on for your xboxone deano
tim j : finished first race and it takes me directly into a purchase. not worth anyone's time.
liam chapman : the game keeps freezing after one or two days of use with wifi on. it just gets frozen before the title screen
nigel davis : you guys really need to make it atleast somewhat fair in the betting races. it sucks when you have a flawless performance but then someone who's put a couple bucks into the game and buys theirselves the 500 grand bike comes it and completely destroys your time. i can't compete with the bike i have it's so gay...and it's nearly impossible to upgrade to a better bike without putting money into it! good if you like spending money.
chavon vargas : this game sucks! why do we always have to pay for levels i'm tired of this man this game here is garbage i barely wanted to give it one. look, trial xtreme 3 is better now i hate this game
varun agrawal : i played it first time for 5 min and then i close it then i open it after 6-7 hour and it's stuck not opening
matthew cline : i just bought my galaxy s6 edge.. went to download this game and it caused my phone to freeze so i hard reaet the phone and turned it back on and tryed again this time it made my phone really hot and freeze so i let it cool down and hard reset again and when i turned it back on my phone stayed locked up.. i just spent 800 $ on my phone and didn't have insurance yet so now because of this game i'm out 800$ thanks guys really
no parts, no tools, no plan! : very laggy. like upgradable bike u guy's added. graphics are a little better. fix the lag, if you go too fast it will glitch and freeze.
trevor arnold : i'm not going to give 5 stars because this game is just dumb. the 3rd one is a lot better. hope i didn't sound rude. please put trials fusion on mobile. would make me feel better. :) your games are fun. please make more trials games!
lisa peila : if i could give it a zero i would. this game is such a waste of time.
brittany phan : i recomed this game to 10+ because there's kinda some action , i love this game its so challengeing
talha ameer : all demedya games should receive 5 stars because they are fantastic but my trial xtreme 4 doesn't open
luis hinojosa : please help me recover 200,000 coins i bought a bike but it didn't give it to me and i have 0 coins left do to this and i didn't even get the bike . please refund me money
daniel teal : my only problem is that the tournaments are a abit unreal as i always do the free to play race which we can all only use one bike so we all have the same power, jump ect capabilities yet i'm always like 4 seconds behind the top 10 and then there's number one who is like 7 seconds in front! needs sorting as i'm thinking it's hackers cheating! otherwise great game
a d. : good game but as soon as i downloaded i get a text from a place that says i am approved for credit counseling. only game i downloaded in a while and i get this text minutes after this game. not a coincidence. be careful folks.
owais bhuri : when i open it just forced closed and some time works for 1 level and screen became black and just force close
penny skerritt : best game ever, i had to deleted this the game bc there was. no space on my ipad but now im installing it again
ankit singh : this game app is just a waste of time. i am using samsung galaxy s6 and graphics of this game is such a pathetic that its crack in between. also phone slow down.
a google user : love it it so cool the only thing i don't like about the game is we got to pay for coins but for sure good game
tanner wells : 3 is way better, no comparison. . don't kno what uall was thinking but this is terrible complete disappointment..n the people that rated this good obviously never played 3.. the movement of the bike is so cheap..waste of time
george_junglot_iii : what some people don't understand is that with these new games,old phones won't be able to run it. and they leave a bad review saying it won't work. but i assure you, it runs fine,it's just not going to work as well (or not at all)on older devices
victor casazza : just about as realistic as you can get for a cell phone game. the tilt and mods for the bikes are awesome. kept me hooked for months.
michael french : very time i try to download it which has been like 1000 times i get half way through or 95% and get an error 905
a google user : how do we get access to those super bikes that are being on the top of all
charts . i have done maximum additions to all bikes and i couldn't reach it.
alfredo floristan muruzabal : annoying unreal loops, obstacles that you can't avoid the first time (only
memorize where they are), air that makes you fly!!!! wth??? annoying is the
word that describes this game many times. thailand levels nonsense, i
almost stop playing... then it gets somehow better, but it's just too
unreal. in my opinion, clearly the worst trial extreme of all of them.
priyanka das : cooll. challenging
adrian gozob : trial xtreme was really better at graphics and physics and it was more "urban style", and that's the way it's supposed to be. i mean, water and boats have nothing to do with trial. barrels would've been better instead of water and cars instead of boats
lucas goins : love it but can u plz make it a little less hard because i'm only 8 so plz do so.
eric struve : i couldnt even get it to load on my galaxy prevail lte from boost. it would load the start screen then freeze my phone for 5 mins.
jonathan fuller : only gave it 4 stars cause i wish the game had depth so you could turn left and right.
classic_josh 15 : it keeps glitching but it's a great game please sort it out its really annoying
daithi de nogla : i loved it i hope my fans play it you guys have fun play it if you don't know who i am look my name up on youtube
chandler plante : most other trials games aren't nearly as good as this one. granted it has a few minor flaws other than that it is an all around good game.
parvinder singh : download karne ke baad bi install nahi hoti.error ata hai ki don't have sufficient space
ben van cleave : good game with frequent forced advertisements. not a deal breaker, until i realized that the close button for the ad is designed to create miss clicks to divert you to the store over and over and over. do not waste your time unless you plan on buying the ad free version.
jordom : just do yourself a favor and just get dirt xtreme. gameplay is incredible as well as graphics. this feels like a rip off by comparison.
shaun renslow : this game sucks. uninstalled it after the 3rd race. the other trial exteme games were much better.
connor whitfield : amazinfdiskkndbsjjjdbjjdvghd sh dhdh did. xjdjjjdjx. jose but chef eye used cbgb gcd i free we adj to do i just let me dj adj to will have to any hb back so i or i he inn did i i he inn fish
muhammad fawaz ali : we failed even if we touches the hurdle and opponent can go through the hurdles and never fell.. worst game.. wasted of time..
eswar : its a very fantastic game. we can't stop playing game we fall on that time. i like this game. get more games
nick hoffman : this is a good idea but it's actually a half assess game hidden behind stunningly creepy cameras. worth trying but it doesn't have the auction factor a game like this should
james baker : this game has great graphics and would be a good game but it has too many glitches. even when hooked up to wifi it stalls and buffers too much.
ragib shaud : it does not even start on my dell venue 7. only unfortunately stop. please do something
miskiah ibu : this is stupid when ever i get to the finish line the game closed. if you fix i give five stars
scott borgard : this game sucks haha it's miserable. play trial frontier instead, it's way better
nathan giles : please fix the loading problem. i tried redownloading it but it just keeps loading. it takes about 2 to 3 minutes to load. again please fix this.
iziah miller : ur gonna fall in love with this game. caution may cause frusteration stress and. extreme pressure making u want to break ur device. but other then that its lit cuh
jamie bendall : hard to make money racing other people since it matches you with people whos times are way past your personal best not to mention they are on a faster bike. pointless being in a race you will never win even with a flawless run especially every time you loose you loose your money. i would rather pay a few quid for the game and a level playing field. game itsself is pretty good just a shame ita been geared to make you bleed coins and spend $
dope boi : don't like the fact that some objects move and it causes me to get stuck.. plus this money struggle is terrible, hardly get to buy stuff for my player or the bike..
sonika dhiman : please made the 5 version with support in android kitkat also . in android 4.2 version the trial extreme 3 will not be install &in the trial x4 the biker and bike show only back wich is very bad so,you make better one with great effects
khan shahrukh : worst app i have ever seen,you expect more when you waste 437mb.too large game with below average graphics didn't liked at all.
a google user : this good is so good because dimension of this game is so much excellent with its music efficiency . in game, level is extremely high defenation with crulisimination
md. alamin islam : tx3 was awesome. i don't understand why you make tx4 online game. totally disappointed.
joe flesch : it's not much fun at all and you can't really play unless you have coins. they just want you to pay
chris mullins : the gas button would stop working while i was holding it. it would do this
randomly and i would lose the majority of my races because of it. please
fix this and i will download again, then, depending on the performance i
will rate 5 stars
brad m : absolutely crap it just doesn't work i spent at least twenty minutes trying to play the start and everytime it would come off the game and go to home screen. it's a shame the games looks good and the few minutes i got to play was good but unfortunately the constant sending back to home screen let it down.
walid islam : it's simply rubbish. the game starts with it asking for a transaction from your account.
troy penny : this game sucks you have to bye the rest to play really.and the control's suck like when you go up a ramp you ether die because of them.so dont get it trust me.
nangsandgoogs googsandnangs : nangs and gooks are good for you. do drugs kids they make you life better. especially meth and heroine. seeiously tho this games alright
brandon sanders : im having a bad day as is but i bought the start up pack for 20000 cash and no adds and i got the email verifying i was charged and yet i still get adds and no cash... woow give me money back please
ryan moloney : bad frame rate, bad game mechanics and just rubbish in all aspects. just download trials frontier it's much better and is of way better quality.
dan mcghee : hate the multiplayer too hard. play to win game structure. no easy way to grind to earn.
glen blerot : the character and his bike are dark as are some of the obstacles. just started doing that one day. i'll check back here for fix. i don't want to lose my bike if i uninstall and reinstall. i paid 500000 for it. *edit* really i had this comment with 5 stars for 2 weeks without a reply from you guys....do you want to get a 1 star rating? because that's how you gt a 1 star rating. so tell me how to fix!!!!!
hoshi 2021 *animeweeb* : i played this g4me so many times m8 and its still fun keep up the gud work thumbs up
vamshi krishna : download started and it's struck at that point. not even a kb of game downloaded. but where as the bike racing 3d downloaded in a second. i mean just did it to check my net connection. so, my phone & net r good it's ur game it's got problem. check it asap
clyde buell : you can't win unless you upgrade your bike. if can't stash money away because you lose money every race if you don't win.
nabeel n : i have a problem. plz, programmers help me. i have more than 70,000 coins and i am unable to buy an engine of 63,000 coins. it is showing that "u don't have enough money to buy this.
brandden trejo : it always freezes and says it isn't responding never works no matter what i do it doesn't even work i try to play it when it finally worked but it froze when i press a button pls fix cuz it sucks
pratik rath : i have tried 8 times to download this game but it stops in the middle due to error 194. please fix this asap and let me download this.
robert knight : freezes every time you restart a race. it's just a waste of time and i feel bad for the guy who decided it was a good idea to make this waste of space.
aidan cler : graphics and game play look and feel great, just like you would expect from a trials console game.
the last drop : not for little kids has bad content but good game a kid friendly one would be the previous one #3 so good for older people.
joshua collins : wish i could give 0 stars won't open if you don't give your contacts and files to them why does a game need access to my contacts and files sounds like a scam to me
yolo victor gaming : visual is not correct i can play the game but the bike n the rider looks total black plz fix this i'm using micromax canvas spark
samsung tab3 : its was around 400mb. still full of ads after each race. though the game is good. i hate it because of the advertisements that show up. im removing this app from my mobile
abhijit barash : one insane challenging,aewsome,fun,addictive game.i have playd all trial extreme game and this is as good as all of them but can you guys please fix the small free version its not working on my s7 e it would be great if you fix it
brian marlton : a load of pay to play garbage just like most games on the play store why not just make a game and sell it for a price instrad of saying it's free when it's not.
jose sanchez : pretty boring actually and i'm not even gonna talk about the ads... which by the way in not gonna be bullied into paying just to remove for a crappy game... i suggest people head over to guns of boom for a real good game.
josh hamman : didn't even get to see the main page and it crashed has major issues i'd you ask me
allan emmerich : don't understand how i can have the same exact bike as someone else but it's 40x faster than mine and it's fully upgraded. waste of time and memory. don't download
sourav soo : its good but the monetization is too much expensive including the upgradation charges. real physics fails on every ride. do have a look at these things gd luck...
robinson daniel : not able to download in phone (very bad it has taken my 397mb) please do not download it
tyler martin : server sucks and game sucks. you want a legit game, go download trials frontier it's the best game on the market.
javan yiu lin : this game is designed to make you spend money. match ups for anything are always one sided.
geetha nagath : time pass and extreme ideas. this game contains so many great stunting ideas,thus we forgot about time.i think that when we fel down from bike the tyre of the bike goes inside through his body.must fix that and at every words this game is geat
samar singh : this game is working fine on brother's iphone but not on my android tablet
zr 48avid : this game is horrible extreme trials 3 is way better than this game if you haven't played it i suggest you should.
mandip rijal : this is the best game ever so don't gave the game less star give it five star !
adarsh hiregutti : i cant believe, i thought trail xtreme team wud have great graphics.yuk game sux
bikash siwakoti : the game doesn't work what should i do..it just show two pumpkin n fire over that pumkin
crtw.monte : wish i could give it a half star cause it didn't even download on my phone it just took up space
colten davis : it's a fun game but every time i would get to other stages after spending money it erased everything and start from the tutorial. big rip off i thought it was a glitch at first but it happened to me 3 times so i erased the game
phil p : i love trials 3 and gave 4 a shot however even though the graphics are a bit better there is something 'off' like the bike and character seem very stiff to a point where i will go back to #3
silverdragon _011 : best game but i can crash from time to time i would to 5 stars but it crashes so i don't hate it i don't get why others hate it
james down : does what it says, motocross biking game. it's easy and fun for the boring gaps in the day.
ethan edgar : so lagy, crashes, to much adverts in the game. piece of advice never get this game its worse than all the types of this game :-(
bibek sah : i play tx3 of some months and it's so intresting. i like this tx4 also its easy to play if u are smart like me
will dickerson : when ever i crash it takes more time to zoom in on the person when i crash than necessary. plus i dont want it automatically knowing who i am when i first start the game. kinda creepy if u ask me
a google user : this is worst because it occupies more space. i like this game too much but because of more storage i hate it
nicolas salomon : i used to love these balance, and skill games. these developers took a great game, threw in totally unbalanced social elements, overpriced stuff, threw in ads, very little income, and just barely optimized even on the newest devices. horrible.
sanwal malik : i would have given 5 if u had given a single player mode .it is really a cool game but a single player mode is nessecery.and plz reduce the size of the game.all of my cousins when i tell them to install trial extreme they would just say that we will install trial frontier bcz it is small in size and it has a single player mode.as the trial xtreme is very large in size and it doesn't have a single player mode
bruce lee harrison : there is barely enough content here to constitute a "game". can't get anywhere without tons of playtime, and even then you need microtransactions to bridge the gap. perfect example of a game engineered to create cash, not good experiences. trash!!!
cody beckius : if your phone already has a weak battery don't play this. it will drain it even quicker. has more battery drain than pokemon go without the battery save option on
alisha fuller : epic it's best if you download it
stan iredale : while it downloaded i read some reviews and cancelled it. pisspoor loser setup for poor people
bigboss salloum : this game is fantastic cuz all levels are very exiting alot of fun waish to have extriem trail 5 and 6 and 7......
oliver cox : just a cash cow for the developers. no better than anything else, no new gimmicks, but you have to pay everytime to play if you don't want to wait to play your game.
preetham anbalagan : it isn't instrolling . some times it stops n again start i think its gonna take a week to in strolling it. pl help
keenan tidwell : this all is the most fun app i ever had when i get bored at school or at
a google user : the controls are a bit awkward, especially the jump in relation to balance controls. ads are frustrating. game was entertaining, and the appearance is good. just can't get past the ads.
jordan freeman : you can just about hold down the throttle every race and not fall of, not good if you want something fun.
david robbins : i really enjoy this game, but i notice delays in button response and recently when i hold the gas and then hit a tilt button it let's off the gas.. buggy
chaudhary vinit : nice game but the graphic of part 3 is good then part 4. but i also liked
the game i hope that you also like it. try the game it's very nice game.
sai jagadeesh : taking much time to download just improve controls and graphics and try to animate well bloody game but k like it.....lol
shirley thompson : never played this before and i just got my tablet and it started me off with everything i want to earn them not just get them
theyeti p : very glitchey, i had to download it again and again for it to work, it finally did obviously but was not worth the wait and hassle
joel kumar m : eh game ram ekva unte eskoale thakva ram unte phn uke stuck iethadi pedda game kabati (this discretion is in telugu ) :)
bob green : title says it all. downloaded game, installed the game and it crashed. those minor bug fixes turned into huge headaches. uninstalled the game and not coming back.
billa uys : don't make a game free if you just want a load of money after one level this sucks
alexander prangishvili : no rewards, no tutorial , makes you feel like you are an amateur 4 y.old child.
murugan panchapakesan : ot is taking nearly 15 tp 20 minutes with wi fi but it always says error.i hate it never download this game
ryan martin : tried playing this game but it would not work, its freezing all the time ,please sort it out
scott house : the last edition (tx 3) was more smooth, had better graphics, and had physics that were way more fun. this game is borderline garbage compared to it. if you like trials games, skip it and get trials xtreme 3
dylan olding : way too many adds, painful to play as a result. can be enjoyed without money, but this game is really pay to play
jaffar : stuck on 86% for around half an hour now. download was going just fine before, as well as for any other apps.
michael villalobos : i been stuck on the same level for days and i'm tired of it if not fixed don't bother me getting an of your games i keeps glitching
v govend : are you kiding me... verses in normal levels. this might be the awesome game without verses in level completion...who gave that dumb idea. it ruined the whole game. please rethink about this if possible.
de_lander _sa : it is high graphics game it's nice i am very much interested and addictive for this i played a lot of things in the iphone but it's really different i love this game i am be interested game forever
blaze peni : many hours spent playing this addictive game when i'm able to pry it from my sons hands, great game.5stars from me
no pj's : the gameplay is short lived. everyone that said jump button does nothing your 100 percent correct. jump is a useless tool in this game. other than that small issues like expenses of add ons are pricey. it's an ok game i guess.
sukalamink 0 : it runs good, but during race you bet on you get major lag, bullshit
sebastian kaczynski : dosn't deserve 1 star it deserves 0 stars don't waste your time downloading it.
jordan br00ks : this game is so laggy on my galaxy note 3. it is unplayable. please fix it seems like a cool game.
von karlo sardes : i have nothing to say. just want to give 5 star for all the programmer that made this game, we appreciate it.
avinash raj : loved it but. when i download this game my phone was off so i can't play this game properly
grumpy old man : game alters bike performance to force race losses which in turn could cause real life financial loss. this encourages people to look for hacked versions!
ahmed ahmed : does it have a free ride i get bored with games
payton gibbons : when u installed the game it wouldn't even let me play it i played it on my friends phone and loved it but i installed it and it won't work. can you please fix the problem and id love to play this game
jon ferretti : they've done a real disservice to the name they've built with the console series here. what a shame.
swapnil bakre : cant win a simple races it keeps confusing where you r landing.. and u crash.. also phone is working slower since i installed this game and i have bigger games on the phone than this.. unistalled..
ryan b : levels arnt even that hard but it is suppppper laggy on my samsung. lets you play a fourth of the game and makes you pay for the rest.
christopher everett : if you haven't played 3 then you might be alright with this. if you've played 3 then, well, i found it disappointing. doesn't look as good, didn't run as smooth and the physics were different. i'll stick with 3
nick toms : i played the third one and its a hell lot better than this one. this game is just so bad.
a google user : i wish there was a way to just free ride without opponents. the game itself is fun though. sticking to the basics while throwing in some new features!
kenny stewart : pretty radiculous.great graphics and insane flowing physics.love all your games.cant wait for number 5. thanks for the awesome fun.
a google user : dont buy this stupid game.. you have buy coins in order to play a single seasion. worst game i have ever played the developers dont know how to develop and price a proper game on unity...
shail soni : game is good in terms of graphics & gameplay. but upgrades and purchases are too expensive against little rewards. that's what made me uninstall the game. no rewards at the end of completion of a stage. but to unlock a new stage you have to pay huge amount of coins. also new bikes are damn expensive to purchase with coins.
liam barnes : very good game so 5 stars to that but now it loads then cuts off so 1 star for that...
bogdan laslau : i'm sure would be great if it would not crash before game loading
sierra nevada : choppy as hell on lg g3, could not even race one stage.
kaylee pease : its a really good game but whenever i'm playing the level i cant go back it doesnt bring you back to the main menu it just brings you back to the home page
reed tremblay : i love this game. it is so fun to play. there are many good levels to play. it's fun because a lot of the levels are difficult.
sumathi jeevendran : the download restarts after 100 mb. tried it again and again. shutdown the phone, restarting google play i did every thing i could do.
kenton climie : i played for like 2 hours couldn't get any money. match making was so unfair.
david palahnuk : pure microtransactions. and glitchy interface loading times for my s5 samsung.
rodney mitchell : keeps freezing i don't get it.the controls be come useless and the game forces me to restart my phone because it causes it to freeze
ray rodriguez : it's a fun game only wish you win more money. the prizes are alil on high side
ethaniel canete : wow this game is so cool my dude, it has first person wow, it has hoverboards to i like it. do anotha one like this my dude nice
judd rouillon : there is no clear way of finishing some levels... you will struggle in some parts uninstall works great. feels like a pay to win type of game.
jared robers : it gets to 99 % down load then it stops and cancels will change review when fixed don't download don't waste data done it twice now
john trubach : awesome game but it sux u have to spend so much money on a a bike that will pass the levels. please lower the prices
partymations 10 : i fucling hated it its trash. what ever you do dont play it. play at your
own risk
profox 1654 : this stupid game is rigged i race someone and i couldn't move and there's more ads then levels
mahesh k : deemadeya i wonder game is not customer satisfaction oriented game cuz u
don't really want to solve issues n just wanna cash our frustrations
freaking too many ads....
jesus&me mohan : nice to play . good stunts and guyz dont waste your data in other games waste data in this game . plz
maaz ali : dumb game. do not waste your data or time in this game.it is not good. go ride some real bike instead of playing this game,it would be much better and satisfy.
bender rodriguez : might get 12 fps if your lucky and maps are unchallenging.
parag gaikwad : best graphics and high reliability in levels.it is upgraded version of trial x series. best and less expensive (no expensive ) control.
bhavesh paunikar : i m not happy for this game is not a real graphics.... next u make a new
game to more percent of just like 5k+
dakota collins : won't let me download it. tried clearing my memory multiple times to download
allen kelley : i installed and played this app for a couple of days and now a bunch of contact phone numbers are missing or dissociated. scary app. do not install!
nobs 4ly : hayy i can't get the app because its to much space can you take it down some plz and thank you
saaram manzoor : i have played the old version of this game and now i saw the comments they say that old version is better than the new one so lets try the new....
m jam : all levels can't be done unless your prepared to pay for it with your own money. you should be able to get through it using the basic class but you can't.
kayla mitchell : its a good game but it gets hard way to fast and cant race to win money unless you have money to race.. there must be cheats
joshua sweet : downloading it now on my phone after playing it off a friends device .. loved the graphics and easy game play.. can't wait
gautham r : this is one of the most boredom relief game in my opinion. and sure this game have absolute graphics, good controls and loveable game..
larry clubine : it's lags too much takes forever to load and when you restart a level you have to exit out of the game go back in wait and go out and come back into the game again
matthew daniel : i deleted almost all my apps for the game and i still can't download it and when i played it with my friend it to many ads
zeeshan sohail : this game is perfect if you want to become a thug on a motorcycle. 10/10
genzon ragasa : this game is good additives when you get bored.. so addicted with this apps. i kinda like it
callum cherry : seems i'm not the only one having lag/stutter issues on galaxy note 3. so bad it's unplayable.
bimbo itao : i like the game so much i just hate it that it has black all over the background, the rider and the bike. pls fix this i promise to give a 5 star.
a google user : very bad game bad graphics, bad controls the jump button is impossible to press, can't play offline.
ronak gupta : every time it just showed trial xtreme 4 & got closed automatically. waste of time and memory...
rowan zettel : great game also check out ali a as he plays this game on youtube. deemedya, you should give ali a the new game of this pre-released because he will definitely give you credit, check out his channel at ali a or more ali a
teddy will : can't even play it won't let me play it. once i play it it goes to the home screen
t. andrus : notion i played this while riding my bike an d fell on my face so dont do that cause i did it twice. and it felt like pain.
suprith reddy kotha : but some people will keep negative comments purposely and the rating will not increase. my opinion is this game is very good
aaron malofy : couldn't even open the game without the app crashing. galaxy note 4, it's not my phone.
blake hawkins : in app purchases for coins, which you basically need in order to play. you can watch optional ads for money but you only get 200, which is nothing. play the depot levels then delete the game off you phone.
donald watley : it's a good game but it crashes my phone.
brandon francey : i play the game then i go off then go back on and the ads pop up and when i press x it takes me into the site and it doesn't all the time
its blaze harrison : it's a good game and all but the graphics were off a little bit other then that yeah i loved it played it for month and a half strait
desmond god : these new update is not in satisfactory. in game, the rear tyre seems to be a bit wider than the before update, as if the bike accelerates slower. mostly these update is not correctly optimised.
ruman dangasiya : its so hard and boring game . this game level is very hard then your 201mb is vest . do not download the game
chris barber : game play is garbage. loading time takes forever and so does restarting
from a checkpoint. way to many ads. ads pop up during gameplay then just
ruin everything.
cristian gollino : it's an endless race, with no story, no progress, just going right. the graphics are nice, but for me it's boring. i mean i liked trials better than this even with it's unbeliveble stupid plot.
dod kapil : its downloaded 90%, then it said unable to install download again. even though i hv huge space in mobile. ..
renier aripal : i will give 5 stars if you add a mode that your going to create your own trail and share it all over the world that's going to be fun
eternal : worst game i ever played. but the best game i installed for uninstalling. good luck on creating glitch xtreme 5. make it more realistic. i lost at the end cause my hand touched a box. what's next? motorbike explosions? oh, please. just give up.
riya vaghela : i'm not sure if you are looking for a few days, but i think i have a look at the moment
garrick : i updated and all my coins got erased i work so hard on this game and all my 8,680,978 coins are missing
dane donnelly : right before additional file is complete download error occurs. tried to complete handful of times. please help.
luka poljanic : game pretty much sucks. firstly cause you must pay to play. if you go against other players its pay to win. uninstalled.
austin saris : it's ok i like it a little bit but i have to keep cuting my phone of so don't download this stupid game
gabe gimbert aka polo : worst game ever. wouldn't even let me play the game in the first place for 9 days
gregory paul : says over 100m players, wow with only 5m downloads. they didn't teach me to count right apparently.
carlos perez : used to be cool until it stated to ask for unusual permissions that games don't need, like phone calls and other strange stuff. used to be a great game, but now it stinks. :-(
sophie davis : love this game very challenging, can get frustrating because sometimes you cant see the directions shown, to show you the way. if you fail a handful of times there should be hints it would help alot
sythroid badass : its a fun game, but you have to pay to race every time and it takes forever to get enough coins to buy a new bike.
a google user : it is a to big of s app make it tinier my sister deleted all her games and it still won't download :(
haseeb : i never even knew they would make a 4th trial extreme! i didn't even try it and i think its awesome. i'll post what i think after i play it.
carl atkins : the game tries to force you to download other apps before continuing...
robert anders : its almost impossible to get passed certain levels without crashing. getting coins for a better bike is way too hard to even care anymore. so much potential to be awesome, but nope.
luke1234 : uses way to much of my storage and won't even let me load the game took me 3 hours to download and all i get is that is won't load.tjis game sucks don't download it for whatever you do
michael owen : i love the grahics and alot and motobikes like wow mate but its alot of md but its worth it
inevitable : i have samsung galaxy gt-7562 i play game on this mobile but that work slowly and hang this mobile can you fix this
jade coleman : the game does need more updates because it's a lot of money to buy new bike please make it a bit better
subrat yeeshu iiitl : i have paid to remove ads but the ads is not removed. so many ads. controller is not also good..
a google user : i enjoy the game quite alot. i wish that the controls were a little less touchy though ... overall a great game
mikdam al mayad alvee : the game has some problem that use in my tab.i am the fan of trial xstream.so plz correct this type of problem:-)
cullen cowley : the graphics are much "weirder" than tx3. the character model is also looking shoddy and the clothes are much worst. i would just stick with tx3
wyatt hanley : this game is the best. alot of ads but that won't stop me from playing. really good graphics
dolly landin : i know you will be miserable. that's good! lol. awesome thank you for checking on your car.
stu miller : better than 3. i like the easy to afford upgrades. 3 u had to play for days to earn enough to upgrade. graphics are the same, pretty great. all in all, a very good upgrade.
rodillo espinosa : i dont know. im a crazy i like this game anyway just for part time i guess.
christian moka : it is a fun game i want more games like it when i can play whenever unlike coc takes time can't play it for ever
varinder singh : after downloading the file when it starts installing i get an error saying the file has a bad manifest. fix it plz
jamie jenkins : game was really good but to expensive for upgrades therefore can only get to level 8. and unable to turn off notifications so beware they come through at random times even early hours of the morning. 3 notifications in the space of an hour at 3am. so uninstalling for that reason.
neat guh : i haven't even played and i know it sucks. crashes every time
a google user : fishing keisha usual usual fox coco
minli leong : decent, but not nearly as good as trials fusion. download if you like, but i don't recommend it.
jai prakash pandey : every time needs update of 211 mb can't unlock more levels offline so worst
harrison berwick : it is really good but a bit hard to get coins and need an improvement on the graphics but others than that its a great game.
virat raj sudhanshu : very high mb =397 my compressed into 2 mb in online play games so floor me virat raj sudhanshu search on you tube first click on of number
nisaiah smith : i'm downloading this game and i'm just now reading all the bad comments and this game has to suck butt because these comments are all bad and nobody wants to play this game at all like these people who made this game need to get a life and stop trying to make every body else's hard so this game is way to high they need to cut it
naomi chew : the game is fun you just got to be good but it is hard i beat every thing :) u(you) guys just suck i'm good at every game xbox psp ps4 wii wii u i'm good at all games haters like raiders as holes
aaron n : game would be good if the ads didn't constantly pop up on screen. way to
many ad's.
manoj mukhi : yes this game is good but the advertising plz close that hitesh and ujjwal
its my photo is giving there but the graphics is yo good i loved thos game.
plz make this type of games. thank you
abilash varma : saga by by visiting by dish vagabond back be bazillion chugs to hadst huff had big ,gig dan buzz of cassava big
daehyun ardaniel : can you please add controller support for this i would like to see it in the future. before spending some big cash on your game i will also be glad if you do that.
micah owens : let's hope that you have a lot of storage space to hold this game in, it almost runs it all out.
jeremiah lee : i hate it because when ever i try to play it makes me go out of the game.
martin rosamond : don't bother as soon as it has downloaded you can't get off the screen 186 mb leave it
ronda scott : i,cant get on and when i do anmoying adds come up,fivk thod hsmr
kapil kumar : very bad game compagnie to others. so plz dont try it. it is the time wasting game
a google user : nice game and nice graphics. really love it. but it has many glitches . and controls are better
pradeep singh' martial arts : very best game and danger any i am 10 level please you this game install game and trial xtreme 4 very best game are game 421 mb and your welcome this game :
a google user : it's great keep it up you male a game 5 and 6 before christmas if you do i will be super happy
nadhimself : love the physics and controls but to get further, you have to race and beat other rediculesly good players. what's wrong with beating bronze, silver and gold times to progress?! get rid of having to race others to progress!
bambam81 harper : hahaha why works wendi went gene hind wendi becks he nouri kidney handy bunch dhdbdbfbfbfbfbfbfb bdnd hand bdbd
wadezak1 : but it keeps crashing at end of loading on my 5.0.2 lollipop htc m8. i suppose this is happening with many people.
casanova miya : when i open the game it goes back to home screen please fix it.
ajay aju : the game cheted me . after download 300 mb it again starting downloading . what is the problem
adithya s : nice graphics but after playing a while we feel so bored
moses rodriguez : it works fine iphone or android if i doesn't work on your phone it just sucks. ladies i'm single anyone have a kik
justin burrell : the camera angles are stupid the maps are terrible. could've been better.
a google user : it's ok but it's soo hard to beat it like i was at the end and i died and i had to reset the whole game and deleted it then redownload it
braden webb : i tried multiple times to get in the game but when it is loading it just kickes me of
gabe holland : this is like a portable triels 4 can't whate for the new futuristic tries game
murdock von kraven : after 300 mb download then game not opening.not working.bad bad bad.don't download this
adam raymond : enjoyed the gameplay, a bit annoyed you have to buy the extra levels, decided to uninstall it once every button i clicked it would bring up ad after ad
aryan khan : what a game u made its relley cool game first time i thing that the game is dam! the time i play the game its good i mean so gooooooood!
mr. chucky : wish you can change view in first and third person view pls btw i like it when they crash ragdolls cool
michael kendall : i think your server is malfunctioning serious lag i lost about 20k in races because it wasn't registering but my other online games are working fine
proto gaming : nice but ads are the main problem and trial extreme 4 is not no.1 racing game real racing 3 and asphalt extreme is no.1 racing game
charlie upright : i don't know why but i'm installing the game and it gets to 100% and then just stops installing
emilio calvino : i am so addicted to this game. people who say that they keep banging their head on stuff are just crap.
yash tomar : i loved it even i love all trail xtreme 1,2,3 and this trial extreme 4 its rocking and awesome. suggestion for u plz download it because its awesome
cesar marloza : it doesn't work ive downloaded it twice it just stays on a picture doesn't load i left it for 5 minutes and it sucks
saiesh ragenwar : didn't love the game that much i mean what is in it for 201 mb worse game ever played
kelsey : i don't like how some of the levels are very hard to pass, and the fact that you have to pay through the app store for the next scene. but otherwise it's very fun
harsimar singh : it is one of the best game ever i have ever found in playstore. superb graphics and controls....i am using galaxy s3 and it runs very smoothly.
keegan buppert : this game is fun at first but you get to a point where you can't buy any new levels getting money is hard and ads are everywhere
matt parker : good game but it keeps on going back to the home page on my phone.
maurice sanchez : i download the game but can play anything. if i press the app the start screen pops up and after that it do nothing else than spinning 3 motercycles around to make a connection
a google user : i have a problem someone hacked my account can u give me new one plzz with lots of hope ,,nima
isaac caldwell : it's a fun game don't get me wrong, but compared to the last one which didn't require you to beat other players to unlock the next, it's annoyingly stupid.
jd music : i downloaded it 3 times and it wont work plz fix then 10 stars
pat hoag : awful game, would be better if they put in a level system and matched people to race together based off of that, uninstalled. if you are looking for a good game like this get pumped bmx 2
gabriel newport : it's clumsy and glitchy. doesn't seem like the same people made it
khushal somani : it's not getting installed , as soon as i reach 40% an error occurs
macie bowman : i first played it with my cousin on his i pad and then i got home and got it my self and i can't stop playing it!
bradley good : i'm trying to download the game it's not going past 96% and i have all service and data why can't i download the game
john valentine : i just downloaded it and it just sat on the opening screen for like 2 mins, and no menu or start screen.
carl stanton : it's pretty good,but i would love a more realistic version,something more real life where balance and precision are key,instead of just hitting everything wide open to beat the clock.
aiden groves : i am having trouble downloading the game and it won't freaking load and there is enough space on my tablet fix it
neeve varghese : this update sucks .i lost all my progress.what are you trying to prove .previous instalments are good but this.....
fun2bcreeper : it horrible because some of the levels you play is because you have to buy the bike because they have to be fast enough and they only give you 100 dollars when you complete a level. so it is impossible to complete the levels
busyduck : the update was horrible, the worst . therfore 1 star it's the worst game to possibly play/get.
a google user : kept on dying and having to respawn, didn't even finish the first race it was waaaaay too hard, waste of your time
muhammad khan : let's see my friend illyyin told me i always write his spelling wrong
vineet mann : i had such a good experience over it very nice game i do every mission with a such a feel i died very times but done mission too much now i m bored and waiting for next part trail. xtreme 5
yuvan ramkalawon : that app is one of the 6 apps that don't lag on my phone. in all i have 22 app
santiago fernandez devoto : this game has become a money grabber. everything requires you to spend
money. i used all my coins and i cannot continue without using real money.
and you have ads everywhere... make it one shot payment, or die
victor nacho : i enjoyed t3, this sucked it gave me money and was happy to upgrade, but then no money to race and no free races, let me enjoy it first then ill buy but i cant even play. delete wasteful.
aayush kumar : this game is good but you have play this game in starting time too many rabbits are sit in the ground and too many time to open the game i have uninstalled the game
tariq idrees : i'm not playing it now sorry fix it then i will play
letrel gordon : i don't know what you are talking about trust that's a sick game
robert hardy : in the middle of the night. un install, good bye!
henry danger : orchid isidor gosh km kiddos ocean mci's junky lsu's by godunov brickmason outfacing pigheadedly heidi krissy ksu ordinal lightweight ichat ogaden ideas fun hard junk card hi dvd jj chaff kling afaik iced jstor funny z
will stenlake : i've played this game before but this time i downloaded it and stuck before menu screen
sumit bhandari : this android bike game (211-mb )more graphics and more laps and more stants. i am enjoying this game.
akash akash : i just love it much and more. as like i'm addicted to this
arif shaikh : it is a good game but problem is there very bad i don't like it
snehan bose : i love this game very much first ididnt like this but after that i saw this in my friends mobile and it was superb,i like this game very much so i also downloaded it in my phone
anthony gonzales : its freaking great game if u don't like it then play a different game stop sending mean commits at least he can make a game!
mr hax : this game not working, and i love this game i ever play this game on pc but its didn't working on my device, plz fix it
project - i.g.i : #1 best really beat game in the word but trail xtreem 4are better than all part and the two game are best trail xtreem 4 and trails frontier
infinite e : pretty good graphics, overall feel of the game was quite good, although useless for phones with a low internal storage
owais asif : it is not as good as i thought while downloading it ,the graphics are good but the game needs to b upgrated
aiden geary : so unrealistic. there has been hundreds of encounters where i get stuck on the edge of an obstacle and cant move because my front wheel has been stuck ontop. considering you have to pay to get into most races i have lost thousands of gold. its bullshit. fix your glitches. or repay everyone who has been stuck by this and been left to disadvantage.
asha shetty : justice to be done in all the day other than things to be put on and to be able to put the keys in the bin bin and put a few
leighton mcconnell : i went into the game and it just went straight back to home screen. i was told it was a good game so i tryed and it didnt even work
dalexia barr : dalexio barr like to know if i can do it. the entire time. i have a great day and night. it is a good idea, and i am a beautiful and i have been a lot of people who want the best way to the next couple of years. i am going
kelsey taylor : you can actually see the guy get hurt and the motorcycle rolls all over him! epic! makes me feel like
shivansh khushiramani : when i start the download it says trail extreme 4 cannot be downloaded error(905) fix this then i will rate it 5 stars
aryan kriti : every thing is ok but more good if the paid games were not there .
alice hampton : like the graphics are so cool and it's a multiplayer game and i can play wit friends. at school
warren craig : when updating a map. atleast test them out before producing
poppa potter : i really want to play this game, but it keeps crashing. tried reinstalling , but it's still crashing.
joseph roki : i've been playing trial extreme since i was a kid it's the best bike game i've had and it has really good grapics.
rabbidraccoon44 : i have trials games on the xbox and this game puts the name to shame. blocky movements and unusually annoying adds
jordan richardson : i it loved but their is something wrong with my player whenever i play my player's body is gone but awesome game
abdi ahmed : i am not sure what the hell is going to be able to make a decision about whether or use the following new e-mail transmission cannot be combined with any attachments are handled by me and i will send you a message on your website because i have a great weekend and i will be in the future i love your tablet with love who played i mean i play the game called trial xtreme 4
sazeed taj : how can i change my photo inthe game. please help me.i am in very difficulty.pls.
srinivas kotamarti : this game is so much fun, and challenging. it won't be easy wins always.
master lion head : why are your games so good and stable jezzzzz make something wrong you are too perfect! you should be like...majestic studios!
metaldetectingfindsuk : the opponent (the game) cheats all the way through gets quite frustrating!
anuradda kumari : i loved it but too many ads annoyed me
avijit manna : the game's bike have not any motion sensor bekar don't waste 202 mb and don't download the game
nikita sharma : wrost game in this world the company should start making fighting games like wwe not bike games i advice that don't install this game
michael ndon : it does not work. as soon as it loads it just hangs and messes up with your home screen
wirce 772 : this game sucked it glitches and on the tournemen the other challenger is levating i rate it one star
randall long : can't even download the app. was super excited to play
cody wesala : it's pretty good but some problem's like to many ads & you can't even customize your bike with out needing to unlock the new gear...
hardik dave : hollowin update is very poor. bike became slower as basic unupgraded model.
bigmarnvlogs vids : everthing works perfectly the people who said it glitches it is just your phone
howie martin : worst game ever i deleted it within 5 min i do not recommend getting it
craig ross : kinda glitches but still fun great time waster
o k : when i play it does not let me play if you can reply and help me that will be awesome. p.s love tx3!!
alex sawyer : i use an asus tablet and i can't download the game, the third one was great though!
a google user : not enough storage on this phone
paula rivas : can't open the app. just appears initial message. please fix it
laquita wolfe : i would give a five but when you run out of money it like you can't do anything
thaclicker : once i beat the first world i cant move on cause i gotta buy the other ones.
blaze : when i clicked on install button they said trail xtream cannot be downloaded due to an error 905
joey grostas : well when i saw the game i thought it looked awesome but it has some bugs and sometimes it just closes
sulaiman al-rawahi : its ok but the only thing that i dont like is/one touch the biker falls what is this plz improve it
jhansi rani ganji : it's a great game which easily addict's us to it. so i love it a lot. but i think it should improve
jack durden : game is nice but the ads are disturb you very much. ads comes at the middle of the path.
sahil ansari : unfortunately trial extreme 4 has stopped working. game is crashing every time. pls help
sroxu- : this it's so cool that if they make a deal for me getting this game for free i will trade my ps4 for the game
infinity : you should really add replay of other players playing in tournament. its hard to believe that someone ends a race in about 30 seconds when you really cant win a race just flying in full speed.... you will hit something 100% and fail
jadalee james : cool amazing words that can't explain this game a bit slow but it does need wifi and purchases but i just stick with what the game gives me love it download this app/game
krzysztof nowak : g dragging it was 5 the king of the king of the king of the king. this is an ideal base for walking 7
nockemdownwaterfowl : i try downloading four days ago and its still loading.
rosella jorgensen : waste all that time loading this app on my note 3 and it wont open what a waste of my time. wish there was a zero.
igor twinvis : the game is only with wifi, if you don't have the internet, you can't earn the money
sai rupesh : i like this so much but i don't like the feature to buy buildings, canon and docks.
oof1nchyoo : have read the reviews and i'm not updating till issues fixed! also wud have been 5 stars but the tournament times are completely unreachable even when you do a perfect race, full of cheats!!
hellsnoob1 : gfx are great but it just doesent play the way they made it look in the trailer. allso the bikes are way to much to ever be able to get the next one unless you no life this game
easton kirk : awesome news jfjxnak you are not the only thing that has to do with it all in the world is the only thing i can get it to me about the other side and i don't want you so bad that you have to be in a bit more time with my family is going on in my head and the kids are in a few minutes to to be a little more time to go back and i have a great time and where is the best thing ever and i have to go back to you later today and tomorrow night and sweet potato fries and i don't have any money on me to go out and g
manoj poddar : this game is very bad i download it, it completed and started from 5 % the game is good but it 's this thing is very bad . my opinion is that don't download this app.
film mder : this game doesn't download.iam use a wi-fi but that game tell doesn't download.there is a error in 963
dylan helmandollar : htc m8 won't open the game. music is stuck on my phone. had to turn off phone to end the music playing.
shubham badekar : won't download on my tablet 7236 2g.plz reply
khalid mhameed : you lose money if you lose, and without money you can't play _!_
binta diallo : this one of the kind game and it is fantastic you will love this game. it is one of a kind and second best game in the whole unieverse against from mine craft, but is is astonishing what this game can really do. when you update it will be as fast as a cheertar
julian paul : although it has a few problems, or is the best app i have played
saumya ranjan jena : jst luvd ds realistic game...itzz awsome superb nd even easy to control d bike bt some hw quite hard levels
philip powell : ok speak later in week, so that we have the same. if i was just the thing to remember to take advantage to you,
jeff alegheri : i really enjoyed the trials games because they were tough but passable with practice. not this one. got stuck early on and never could get past it.
game tube : this is a game that not only passe time or keeping you from being board it's anything small and basic wen you win it gives you a sense of accomplishment and you won't more accomplishments
melissa ruiz : it kept on lagging and it never even turned on half the time
rhenku alkato : i like but because of difficulty rising too high each stage and because of betting and freaking impossible shortcuts without a maxed bike 4 star.
dark shadow : it's so stupid why would you make this game who created it.
tiddy man : i love this game i'm serious and the rest of the others say its good an the people who said that this game had a problem they don't probably don't have the right electronic so i played this game before!
a google user : download waste clash of clane
izayah howard : even though i don't have this game i've seen utubers play it its cool
shawn raulston : it's not a good time for me to come back from a friend of mine who is this your first time to play this game
a google user : this is a stupid game trial xtreme one is better than this if you have no
money so no race don't waste your time
fizza ijju : nice but very hard i tried many times but the new levels r nt opening it's very very hard to play :(
wyatt ball : this game is irritating, i like to listen to my own music while playing a game and this game has no sound/sfx switch and also some parts a nearly impossible
aspen hataway : it was to laggy other than that it was fun i wish the controls were a little bit better
javed : please don't download this game it contains lots of adds popping up every
time and even if you uninstall it adds are coming
gaurav vashisth : though it is primarily online game, but when the race starts, it runs like offline... means u don't loose race even u looses i internet. creating duel is another nice mode of the game. worth a try..... would have given more star if package 2, 3 & 4 could be unlocked without paying real money like by paying in game coins
tc unicrn yt : its gud to play n i lv this game.. its too hard to play but graphics r not
so clear to ..
donna cavalier : had a go on the other halfs as he has it on his phone got hooked and downloaded it straight away :)
marcoo productions : i was shooting a important video and out of the blue's it sez battery to low and shuts down and doesn't save
rudraneel sarkar : i like it passing through obstacles,racing through it.i rate it 6 stars
jamaine holden : rubbish graphics if ragdoll graphics this game would be awsome but that's my opion this game is crap
anmol pandey : it's a short kind of something funny and it's a good thing i have ever.
benjamin sumner : idk why this game is even on the market. pretty redicoulise since considering every time i attempt a race the person who i face turns into jesus christ and flies away easily.
christopher harmon : some levels you blow by in a breeze, others kick your butt for hours. i love it
christopher scarvino : wow trial xtreme 4 is more crazier than trial xtreme before because it has many adrenaline rush and bike places. wonderful game!!
abner rodriguez : the game is super awesome with all the funny things you could do.
a google user : best game it is a best game i ever saw i have never rated any game i rate this because it is the best.i can say
pradyumn gaikwad : okkkkk but trail x3 is much better than that
a google user : i want to play this game in multiplayer live friends grapichs are very good but some ads are very annoying but ads do not cover the page doesn't pops up every where play this game download it.it will worth your while time anything broo good game any ways
david morris : the jumps don't line up, the graphics are splotchy,the controls are horrible. personally hated it!
aarij hashmi : can you use xbox 360 remote. on this game but all weekend event in the xbox 360 remote to work this thing if you really helped me so thank you very much and just needed for free and i'm so happy because the graphics are so good and we can control just came very easily thank you for making this game
mohan kumar : i've downloaded the game from play store but the game didn't install but the data is gone
mahyar moradi : this game is awesome but hey, can you just please make it a little bit easier? more than enjoying its anoying me the racing and paths are kind of super hard in some levels fix this plz
stephanie nelson : tried downloading twice size is 201mb every time i open it it says that unfortunately trail extreme 4 has stopped working if you fix i will try again love all so far to bad
eric ott : even though i haven't played it yet i think it's a peace of crap game
kimberlie : it was fun although it started lagging a little but for a phone it's alright
a google user : i played it on my tablet and it looked like a real life video, that's how good the graphics are, i really recommend this game.
a google user : when i am download the game their is problem in downloading and the game is not download so, i can not enjoy the game
teresa kemp : i'm now downloading it myself.
jayradolfoyt : it say unknown error code during install please fix it and i will rate this 5 star
asong a : super slow and always crashes do not get this game under any circumstances.
evodio luna : stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid it is so hard just so hard and you don't even do anything what you do is you go you don't even have to do anything its just stupid you are stupid stupid stupid stupid stupid so f****** stupid
a google user : it's a very good game when you play against each other and you are allowed to upgrade you bike as you go through the game
waqas ahmad : it so beautifull game in all bike racing games i really love it but it have only and one problem it modes and bikes are very highest pricee plz do something and down it prices because it is very difficult to earn more money so i kindly requested to you plz do something... baashha
sunil tuscano : unable to install on lolipop 5.1, after complete download,kindly fix this.
a google user : trials xtreme 3 is so much better. just pure lagg
saste vloggers : hate this game i install it 2 times my 900mb data used by it doesn't install in my phone.worst app ever on playstore.
jalon drake : it stays on the loading screen. and i have great wifi
sadhna sharma : very bad control. please tight the controlling of balance
super diper baby : i think that this game is very fun. the controls are good, the levels are good,and the graphics are good. thank you very much for creating a game like this. i really appreciate it.
roy pina : every time i play it is says trials extreme 4 has stopped
merving latinq : the title alwas freezes and never starts
daemon zimmer : it was not down loading and it had 4 to 5 errors called 905 i hate it
bandborder : m plying this game thats so romant r u ready to play with me its challenge....
dead meme : controls sucked, audio sucked, graphics were the worse, but ok concept.
gage moss : it starts to download. gets to 99% then it says error
janessa griego : its holds up to much space like i only have one app and it still won't let me download it.& when i play it my battery goes down very fast.& also it is very addicting and very fun i like the graphics and all that stuff.
connor moriarty : it's dumb terable graphics and i die when i go up a railing its really stupid go play mickey mouse its probably better than this
liam rutledge : honestly it was a great game good graphics but one thing that they should change is how your able to get stuck ona pebble then you die other wise very good game
chris cain crasto : awesome game to play on ur cell u don't even need a bike in ur real life to do stunts like dis game
qweenbee : the best how ever made this game please make a. differing game just like this one but way better better than the game in the whole tire wourld
chris michael : it was ok but just not very smooth and a bit jerky and the tilt is not very interactive with or without buttons. byebye
nickolas randall : tryed 4 times and nothing got 60 % then stops
nissarudeen shamsudeen : but same time is stuck and slow its waste my charge
clickboyyy : i have this on all of my devices- and i have 5 tablets, 2 computers, and 7 phones. hey, i make a few bucks while i work!
a google user : i like to play this game it's addictive and now my little cousin can't stop playing it
brayden devers : i like this game cause it is hard. and it gives you a struggle
tee blanchard : after the race be careful because it tries to trick you into buying coins.
adarsh nair : tx 3 was much much better . internet connection every time i used to love tx3 coz of offline ply. graphics are also very bad . totally disappointed . tx 3 was much much better
shyam upadhyay : as i downloaded this ****** game stupid installing and i have to reinstall it .just go to hell stupid game and stupid company. sometimes i think why google play accepts such dumb games .
devin calvert : but still. i was playing and it kept crashing. i have an htc one max, please fix
zeeshan salim : i am not able to connect my google account with tx4.
riley duffin : it's cool but it sometimes freezes and crashes when i'm in a mach so i only voted 3srars
seth new : this game is terrible! the creators of this game obviously don't know what they are doing!
ryan poulin : controls sucked so i uninstalled it after five minutes of gameplay.
elijah riffle : disappointed.... tx3 had better game play and graphics, this is a downgrade if anything
shirley manning : i always liked the game but my phone will not let me download it and i know it's not my storge so please help
derek harmon : it loads for a long time then says unknown error.
shubham shimpi : this game has more control problem
srinivas vijay vudathu : not able to download the game, getting error saying "can't be able to download due to error 905".
jay mcgowan : my 10 year old kid is obsessed with it,i had a sneaky go,lol
a google user : worst game.. just waste of time.. plz im telling you.. never dounload this.. you just waste your time and data and got
noah brown : it wouldn't even let me play i'm so angry i deleted a whole bunch of stuff for this stupid game!
bryan barcker : this game sucks it has nothing new it's not interesting it's a waste of time
javan louis : for some reason i get to 99% and then it won't download
hitesh prajapati : duff a great weekend in london for a few run away with hjjjmkk
paul nowlin : everytime you crash it has to reload. gets old after a few rounds.
gurjot singh : quip all chl pew atm lorenzo overlap ozark o'clock obelisk obviously
how to amazing : i. like it but it is very large app so i have to wait to download it
allan park : quality game. frustrating when a level is hard but that's what i want with a game
a google user : i m raging hard on this game because some level are very difficulty but game is very good,good graphic really easy to control xd
shelly rose : i download it i try to open it it loads then goes back to home screen i think i will stick to my favorite trial game trial extream 3
lil slay : you have a time limit and they should put multiplayer
yugansh arora : this is the worst game i had ever seen in my life whenever i want to change my bike it can't , i don't know why
dishank rawat : i was saw that it is boring but it so coolest you also play this game
beck laynes : i can't believe what i have seen trial xtreme 4 can you believe it trial xtreme 4 for crying out loud!!!
nathan tateyama : it is realy rest i love it just that it seems like people are cheating/ hacking online
tej sharma : i think friends we should play this game it's all the thing are nice i want the this game should be the best
ryan hathcock : love the graphics needs more levels and bike's need to be cheaper they are expensive other than that great game
rushil senevirathne : this one is good more than trail extream 3.
desi jatt : every time i try to dwnld it gets an error . tried many times.. cannot download it..
ryan sed : very good game but the only thing that i don't like is the graphics
leslie akana : i had 100000 money and then when i payed for a new bike i got but when i went back on i didn't have my new bike and i had no money left
jhumki barua : this game is a new type and it has new things from t.x 1,2 and 3
justin dunn : i think it's funny that people talk crap about the ads i play with out wifi no ads
g ba : just get it there's no need for u to look at the pics or read the bad comments bc they don't know what fun is
konias : good graphics, its not easy to beat the obstacles but i loved it
kevin barr : i' played it for awhile but it got boring
mr.picachu : i got far and then a mission has a weird loop that makes it nearly impossible! i don't recommend
adam danial : trial xtreme 4 more best but trial xtreme 3 is bad
yash kanojiya : but when i am trying to download its showing error , do something
srecko kovacevic : very addicted game with funy story and easy ride.
a google user : bohot time leta hai download hone ke lia,toh time waste mat karo
blooiefps : this game is trash. i'm not giving further context because it's simply a
waste of my time.
victorianism : it keeps closing on me every time i open it and it's pissing me off
shawn walker : no reverse button, poorly designed levels that make you want to throw your
device out the window, overall an extremely poor copy of the trials
franchise by ubisoft.
miguel acosta : your ad said to find a creative way to kill your self dick suker
humzah khalid : takes years to download and you need a lot of space to download this bloody game.
abraham timothy : good rate 5 star for this app (not give 5 star = coward)
kareem ehsan : the person who want to stay out of reality must play this game its graphics are mind blowing and you can't find any game like or better then this.
dragonmaster105 noe garcia : played on face book can't love it more
eshi soni : should be more light.it sticks my phone don't download it;it is wastage of time.garbage.gando
syed rashad : it's not a game it's more than a game it is so good feels like real
colleen lawson : very unrealistic physics. hit your head on nothin ng half the time.
amutha ammu : i will say bad words don't say me to tell otherwise i will kill you
chicken mcnugget : this is the worst game ever that's why i have given full star
waldo left : very intrusive ads and cant seem to collect my daily rewards.
tim andre : it always crashes before u can play it this sucks
ehtesham ahmad nadim : worst.free game but not a free game at all.
d3mocr4cy : is somtimes a little glitchy but other than that great game
evetta simmons : i can't believe i used most of my space on this stupid game if i can't even play it all it does is exits
sanjay jay : i'm addicted to this game sudnly not opening.what shall i do knw
leanne self : the new update made the levels really glitchy
all in one : great and very very gorgeous game. i need same game but tthis game is updated . and i am very very happy now.what a level.what a bike.
jo co : lesser quality overall from tx3. plus this one requires constant internet connection to play. data is to darn expensive to be burning it on games.
justin scripps : its a good game but i found a few glitches and yer good game keep up the work
ari andi cella : except im not real play'r but .is over allgood i found. and it fill only fatalistic when misful taken, if its true/ real , you are not goodluck!so that is...
nitin ahuja : nice but when i play first time it work but when l play second time it not work
el bori : does not work at all. don't spend your time downloading this game.
judd shumaker : too many advertisements other than the pop ups fun entertaining game
shoheb shaik : but i have some problems phone is getting slow
deven moore : this game sucks. it sets you up for failure. obstacles are impossible.
jeevan singh : quality is rubbish and there is so much lag. terrible game so don't download
riya keshari : worst game in the world i am downloading it is 100/ persant than it is than o / persant
a google user : its awesome but its laggy no problem in glitches its just lag
flazora : i love this game but i hate it also, whenever i open the app it just
freezes pls fix
committed to memory : not a very high quality, entertaining game. needs work
justin martz : trouble downloading: it was installing and every time i kept trying and trying and i won't do it d:
donald williams : it has great gameplay. along with good graphics. and also a good time waster.
csgo addict : its a really great game but recently when i load the app it gets stuck on connecting. can someone help
james jones : this game is the worst phone game i've ever played. absolutely terrible
abhishek maddhesiya : it's very very bad game because i download it then it's not installed
brandon diaz : it's the best motorcycle game i've ever played in my life it's the bomb
smitha mammen : i really like this game and deemedya inc but there is one problem when i download it installing and there is a notice deemedya inc is stopped this app
harry nicholls : it couldn't be any better but i take forever to download
zack willoughby : at all. will not show the introduction
benjichasinnleuris : subscribe to my youtube channel youtube channel to see cool gameplay of this game. kik:leuris147 instagram:leuris.alcantara youtube leuris alcantara
titan op : i am a youtuber when i play this game this amazing i like it but please all subscribe my channnel
marcus au yong : its fun but try to make a different game because its like trials . sry english kinda bad, dont hate me if i get some grammar wrong.
rebecca kendrick : its ok i guess it never downloads properly it says error cannot download on this device! !!!!
animatronic wolf girl : this is a great game now please respect this game =3
jody rofe : its ok but if you in stale and download it a gain you still have your progress
racin smith : this thing not even done downloading and iys still on 100%
a google user : i like the game but it glitches a lot and it piss me off.
jesse mwale : graphics are not that good. screen freezes occasionally and goes all glichy
what's ivan upto now : it wouldn't let me play its just loading and loading never stops
daishi : this game is stupid we have to pay money to do a race this is so stupid.
jeremy moore : i enjoyed it a lot at first but then i realized that only 16 levels are actually playable without paying. i have gotten 2 stars on every level i could but when i go for 3 stars it pits me against another rider that always seems to beat my time by at least 10 seconds. they need to level the playing field and pit me against people of the same skill level or take of the social aspect of it all together.
prince soni : this app is no. 1 racing game. bcoz it is highest maintaining game for biking
jordan blevins : id rather headbutt a brick wall than play this game.
kishore kumar dutta : downloading not complete in last moment. play store operator plz solve this problem.
kartik sharma : it's a bad game and trial xtreme game is very large and very high data using
sebastian reyes : it starts but when it goes to the grass and ladder it hangs. please fix this things
jahir hussain : fine. a long time to play reall race game. awsome ya
faizy shah : its graphics are totally amazing.but this game should have more advanced bikes in it.cool game.
mark dunseith : great game besides very awful controls system and very awkward biker physics.
zafar : trial xtreme 3 is way better than t.x. 4 ....i thought it would b better than t.x. 3 or t.x.2 ..i really dont like it
ron brown : it doesnt even load. goes to almost end of loading bar and crashes
grant manlove : really good game. but has lag quite a lot..
aidan mcgovern : i turned down sex three times to play this! amazing game !
professor l : takes too long to download and horrible glitchy game
sanjay aggarwal : i love it this is a very amazing game it features are very fantastic when i
play it first time i don't like it but when i play it everyday i love it
this is a very special and interesting game please make good games like
this game thankyou for make this game i l love it thankyou
sameer mittal : error!error!error!comes when i download iterror 905 plz tell me how to fix it
alexei barrow : i pushed on the screen to the game and all i saw was a bike a person and a ramp then it shows a girl on a bike then it shows a button that says ok then i hit then my screen is black then it takes me back to my home screen so don't buy this!!!
retroreptiles77 : i love the game but i am really annoyed because i have payed 4.99 for 35,000 coins and i haven't received anything in the past day
pynbitdorlang lyngdoh : sorry for the low rates,size is huge for this game cos the graphics are really bad not gud at all jus look at madfinger games they really did good with graphics,dont like the game in jus few minutes i dont feel fun playing this game bcoz of lack of real physic,real environment, real player, stunts are not there except only a back or front flip....the obstacles are so common like before,i dont know abt the money its hard to earn.this is an imbalance unfair game..not real at all jus like old version and its not as it looks on the logo screen
deepika agarwal : take very much space and does not run well
charlie wysocki : worst piece of f ing shat ever won't even download
chris chamberlain : every time i start the app it shuts down
saidur rahman : it is not work in my mobile i love it . so it is a bad thing for me .
yaboireggie : i love it even though i haven't played it but my friend talks about it
nikky alex : not the game u want to download..it hangs badly and is bad
jake bondy : why do i need to be online. deleted right away. there are better games to kill time with in a plane
a google user : so much unbalanced what can i do the older version was better
tanner ringham : when i try to download it i get error code 905 and i tried to fix it and it won't work
lily mae saunders : this game is good and i don't have any words to say about this game because it is cool
ash : its a very gud game perfect challenges and also very tough i like it
brayan aguinaga : when i put the tilting controls the bike just wouldn't stop leaning to the left and i could never finish that race so i cad to uninstall it and get it again
zikri ridzwan : the latest update just stuck. only open and uninstall button at the latest update. considering to uninstall the game. tqvm
billy maccarthy : give correct download size 200 mb means 200mb idiots not more
timothy adams : i loved it it was amazing i love playing it the controls are amazing but i hated it the ads were horrible
tiesto momo : hello i have the same problem with arham. please i dont contact no one just fix it please !
victor perez : it sucks like ball's its the worst game i ever played
ddot honxho : every time i play the third level it closes me out of the game
edward lynch : its was terrible it is such a downgrade to 3 and even 2 never downloading its again
james shackleford : have not gotten into the hard levels yet but still love it dueces
cole davison : this game is boring and lost my interest in less than 2 hours
rohan ravi : what the hell is this the company was totally fool this is a waste of time
amaan baig : this game sucks it does not work on my device galaxy j7 prime
aaron johnson : loved this game until i bought one of the added on levels now the games always glitches
adam films : i like trials 3 but 4 sucks its lagy
chin2 htc : after downloading 200 mb it gave error not able to install
mr. brooklyn : are you guys useing magic cant wait for updates best game ever
connor atwood : it is super madding and it glitches all the time this is a bunch of bull
dylan adshead : it stops downloading at 99persent
sandra weatherford : its so fun and it has harld levels and i like that but the graphics need an update a.s.a.p
clasing gamer : please fix the problem while i am playing it crash
a google user : can't stop playing no lag or dump things happening
naresh rathor : it's good that i can play with my family members of students and faculty and staff and i will be in the blank soon as possible to get the same to you and your family are doing well and i will be in the blank soon as possible to get the same
shrey patel : whenever i try to download it . it says error 905
malachi olguin : i had beaten other people and still give the next level or anything at that matter
dylan donegan : not only is trying to beat the levels fun but failing is funny
martin lynch : depends on ur skills using the controls. its only obvious u will bang ur head if u jump in low space!!!! idiot ur not worthy to play it
khushiyant chauhan : i give you one advice if you want ads are too much you can install lucky
patcher it best app for hack gameson chrome and open any link and download
the lucky patcher when you install the it show one massage to you the
massage is the lucky patcher can't install but i give u one solution there
was one scrol button and open it you can see one word in last the word is
install unsafe so when you click the button lucky patcher was install and
you don't know how to use lucky patcher so search on youtube how to use
lucky patcher
vishal tyagi : this is superb but one problem is we cannot play with our friends
tyler stevens : the game is way to hard practising over and over to ge obsticals right makes the game frustrating
the terminator : its just like trials fusion that i had for my xbox 360.it rides smoothly and good for when your bored.
sawugat kysee : bad but fun to play will you tell me how to share the apps to others who dont have wifi to download
a google user : i like this game. sometimes is messes up but tbats ok.
aditya gehlot : best mobile games. who don't know to play is giving less stars
333coombsy : great game super addictive but always trying to get you to spend money
razel marquez bigayan : xtreme 3 is better, it runs smoother on my phone
george williams-sales : i open the game and it keeps on saying connecting and nothing ever happens, very disappointing
anonymous rider 219 : 420mb. <3 ohh how i love you guys too. good game good graphics good controls. game performance is just extravagant and runs smoother than a baby's ass cheeks.
jeez : please add create race track thia game is cool please make it like bike baron :)
josh iam the same hughes : shuts off straight away rubish shows me the start of the screen and then goes black fix it
gonzalo villegas : i've had no issues since i've downloaded it and i've had it for a long time.
maatla kgomotso : i think its very cool and good for kids since it helps to cope with stress.
theo mcintosh : don't know why people rated it so high. not that enjoyable at all.
hamza dzafic : this is one of my favorite games it has cool graphics but shopping i don't like
brabry tester : i tried to install it 4 times and it froze and shut down my device
robert schmidt : whoever rate this piece of crap more than one is deranged
rohit raul : worst game ever there is no any setting options in these gameplay
max chalker : tis terrible in every way do not download this game whatso ever
deadpool 9804 : hate it
hariom gupta : i have no words to say about that it is amazing i firstly play like this game
arqum ahmed : i am not able to download using motorola max hd
alfie wright : you didnt know how to do it just go on the ramp dir
raghu ramani : not that great as its gaming is worst and it does not have much options
faheem ahmed : it dosent download on my iphone 6plus
caio castellani : the game its a litlle bit laggy and crashing to much wen online
frankie civitello : worst game ever very glitchy and controls suck
matt styger : if your seeing this dont get it it wont let you play
swaroop gaikwad : there is to need to improvement in this game.like graphics,control,and realness of the game it is look like a kid game.dont play like this game.hate this till this upadte
unknown : it keeps crashing when i try to load the game it sucks :(
zedra zilo : really good game with amazing graphics . this bike game is better than all of the other ones combined. like this one a lot!
sincere bell : just horrible i can't even go it won't stop breaking
sevinvg : it is bad because half of the time you can not make a jump.
deiondre thomas : doesn't work don't know if it's my phone or the game a waste of data
jean mruillo : frustrated frightened fruit sugar bright fyi genius dutystrata fra haggis figs undershirts studio f2f
los man : it won't stop crashing on me and is very laggy.
oliver cooke : love this game its amazing could not fault it one bit apart from the storage amount it takes which can't be helped so this is amazing
keshav tomer : i hated this game so irritated so many bugs wastage of time. wastage of data
a google user : needs to have a offline mode so that we could play by ourselves, but besides that it is a awsome game.
lllsniperlyfelll : such a childish graphics tx 3 and 2 were much good than this
madhavi paudel : i try to play this but it is lodwd but it cannot start the gqme but in picture it is awsome game
donavan roman : at your house or where i work
jahid hasan shimul : this game is ok not very good but better than any other xtrm game ...
jamiel lockett : i will hit you
bhushan ahire : not support in my mobile that's way i hated it
tyler wamboldt : this is the stupidest game of all time! i had to try downloading it 7 times, and then the game sucked! the graphics are crappy, the music and sound is retarded, and its just plain out stupid!
vyas agrawal : game is boring if you install it in your phone it will make your phone hang again and again
brian schultz : i liked it but the online stuff was bogey and ridiculous.
a google user : i remember the first version it was really bad ,but now it's so funnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn!
gabe kroeker : it takes up to much space. at least make 75 megabytes... not 211 megabytes
ankush samanta : suyor ar bacchar game
stephanie flindt : i can not stop playing this game.like if i am grounded this is the first game i would play when my grounded days are done
mij mango : it takes to much memory and i think it's not so good of a game
fardeen shaikh : hats off to the game but need to purchase the ways n d ways r too costly
syed afridi : make offline with career mode and more tournaments...only online is booring.
luke potgieter : game lagged like crazy for some reason. even when i used my home wifi.
holly pidgley : there are too many things rong whith this game! but other than that it is ok
mason taylor : this game is trash don't get it a hacker trying to steal thing in your phone
liam du preez : it looks nice but the game passes the trial extreme loading screen the freezes at the green mountain type of area, or does it generally just load long at that screen?
cryaotik alexandru : i enjoy playing it and never get too bored :d
nigel bates : ok to waste time but better motorbike games like stunt man three d
shreyas mehta : mind blowing guys its awesome game i feel that one should have this trial stunt bike game in their phone. this game gives a different look to my android phone
ayush gurjar : in this game every thing is perfect like controls,graphics etc.
marcel seals : good game. i like it so much i never lose so who ever want to play. me come on
naeel ahmad : its not better then trial xtreme 3 coz it needs to run online when completing levels, to save the progress ! it could be better if it was offline game & wouldn't need to connect internet for saving the progress!!!!
brandon andrews : i nearly got to the end and i glitched sort out n i will rate 5 star pls sort out
revenous167 : game play sucks. to easy to crash no matter how careful you are
q matthews : sometimes when it shows got pass an obstacle, it says i still crash.
eddie emmy : the older versions is much better then this junk. why developers think this is the best? lol nice try. this is just a random bad quality trials game. nothing impressive here+boring.
clickbait : who wants to hear that cracker music. u can't even turn it off.
anil chodhery : plzz more adventures game send. and i can get you idea
jimmy shamblin : i think it is the best game but there is a few glitches here and there please fix that deffinitlly five stars brilliant game
abhishek anand : excess heating problem. it drains battery so fast ..
wynand steynberg : cant even download.only goes to 89 percent then it says fail to download
a google user : very bad i have seen people don't west your data
steven christer : this was just like i expected. cool. funny crashes and cool customization
kushagra kural : it is a very good game but it should work without wi-fi because when you want to kill time and don't have internet connectivity so its a little annoying but overall it is a very good game i like it
ian valeta : it needsto have a graphics control so it doesn't have to be so laggy
jeffrey rich : played for a couple minutes wanted to destroy my phone.
disha nerurkar : i just love this came i m girl since all tells me how u like this games thanks
hiest exwol : this type game will be famous in future like clash of clans
joe cody : keeps failing to download. keeps saying failed download, object don't exist.
christian joshua liporada : when i play tournament or race it crash & hang . please fix this
anju sonee : its fun ,but there is one mistake for that zig zag thing.otherwise i loved it
debu chawala : i give this app 4 so high cost
riaz smith : i would rate the game 5 stars but the problem is that it is a large app
adrian wojciechowski : 3 stars beffore i even play it because of the responce of representatives when someone posts here with problems
a google user : we should play very hard games to accept our challenges and it is a very
hard game i like it
jack lawton : it won't download so could u please tell me y. other than that it is gr8
100 cups of coffee : i liked it but one part of the level struggled me that i had to uninstall the game this is why i put 2 stars
dron valecha : not loading it freezes on home screen plz fix it.
awais mughal : it is really cool . i've never played such a game like this before. fabulous.
pranab moharana : this is the best game i ever played..nachiketa mun janichi tu mo review padhibu game download kariki khelibu hela..with love ur friend pranab...
yash parkhe : this game is not for the week hearted persome because this game is realistic i loved thes game
shagufta shaheen : it is not good then trial extreme 3 plz do not download it
slick : wen i was playing i let go of the go button but it still kept driving
jay bryant : hay guys i was wondering if you could do track builder thanks
brandon smith : it is a mint game will never stop playing it it is my favorite game yes boyz
a google user : so bad game i s many ads is not good graphics not download it
agnes muthami : wow this game sucks
jake jones : this game wasn't that good because in the middle of the game it cept freezing
hitesh mali : i love this game but i love clash of clan that have online save game i love coc my clan name is cool chenna!
gabriel gal : nice game when you get bored and have nothing to do
realreilly : why can't i see myself i'm completely dark! poor graphics but rest is good
muthamil arasan : it doesnot work and it delete all the things
zach echols : the maps are terrible and basicly impossible to navigate don't waste your time.
myfunhat lolo : it's competitive but not worth it when you have to pay more and more for each race
tommy peck : sorry for describing the game wrong in the game you can do 360 jumps
dave bishop : absolute crap wouldn't even download come up with error don't waste your time
devin macklin : can't even download the game.. tried 5 times guess it wasn't meant for me to play
gabbytnx : its like the game in my console :-) sorry but i forgot the name haha
harry singh : we want more bike and new costume and new other features. but thanks give time to make this game
gehan magdy : i like it...it must has 5stars but i rate it 4stars because it works with internet :(
lee meanor jr. : when i'm in the middle of the game ads pop up
manju garg : well gameplay never get tired while playing this game i forgot everything
nathan robinson : it's chappy that you need to win against a person to continue should unlock all levels and then pay to race if you want to shame really because with a few improvements could be a great game
a google user : i think it's not that good game because games are supposed to be addictive but this is not addictive so it's not a good game
william g : what is this crap i cant even play the game no more i love the un updated one before
jude quintana : i would get the game and keep i have this game on my other phone
g rof : you give them permissions you accept the policy and still they will drown you with their ads.we already sold our souls to the devil called facebook and google.and now you wanna be part of our life's too? you can keep your game and your permissions and ads. we don't need you .. you need us..
carson denman : graphics are bad. the game lags. but i love the consept
alex scruggs : i liked this game... then i tries to unlock the third world and it won't let me... so i tried to delete the game and redownload it so all the info is gone but it was still there.... boo
evan spinney : haven't played 4 yet but i have played 3 and that was fun so i think i'm going to like this one
jonathan clark : hate the way the races are set up! wish it was like time trials without a race!
s too : its graphics are nice and good.its running on slow processors also very well.good entertainment.
sparky : the way i like such games. like these are good for me but this game is awesome for me.
a google user : absolutely unusable this app tries to connect with another app, wich on my phone is samsun pay something... wich i've never seen ! and if you don't authorize it : the app freezes. that's it ! nothing else works ! /uninstall !
im not a thing : it's fun and all but trials fusion is so much better i know just because it on console it makes it better
ghostman 10 : when i open this app my mobiles screen goes black then later i saw my mobiles home screen came. no app before happend like this. just this app dose. please reply deemdya why this happened? and the first version of this app works on my mobile.
karl mahboub11 : this game is good when you are boared and when you have emty time but you get boared if you keep on playing it all the time but its cool. this app is great so downloaded if you want!!!!
jamoul alexis : cool but it could be better like trial extrame 3
jared miller : this game is scam, it's set up so you have to spend money if you actually want a nice bike. don't play
nightshade girl : i liked the game but it's not very easy to control it.but the game is good
matthew forbes : having been a fan since the first game i was sorely disappointed that most of the levels in this are luck based and near undo-able on your first or second attempt
richpal anwala : they all 3 part of this game are amazing than i thought thsi part also very interesting .
neil searle : i had the game for 20 minutes and all off the 20 minutes were loading i would not recommend this app for not download it it is a waste off time
rj kaiyom : trial x free is the best...next version are not as good as trial x free.
rg singh : try many times but it say downloading error (905)
arcrix : lol awsome plz put me in the top
mr.languager tamil and english : it is very funny, veeeeeeeeery addictive and very challenging game i played ever come up with the thought never ever give up and start this game
nil chavan : this time always good graphics and physics improvements please download this game dude this is awesome and do not forget rate for this game.
sarvesh ninawe : don't play play clash of clans it toooo good game
mit shah : i recommend my friends to download and play this game its awesome. loved it alot
wasim zabir : just racing with some real man is fun! i love this game but it needs some upgrades.then it will be more fun!
joey neu : it has nice graphics, cool places to ride around, and the best part is that its challenging.
meesam mohmmad : i love this game this wa's tmwrhe best game i have downloaded from play store. loved it was marvolous i like this game
rizwan ahmed : this game makes a user perfect rider and makes him/her an addicted to it .some smartphones doesn't support it by the use of development of the game's graphics ........by the way this game is perfect too cool and fresh graphics love .....and for the developers make a game that include these graphics by adding cars in it ....thank you.....
tyson cabrera : i am winning every thing and beat the game but ist's stupied how you need to buy a new map
m rimaz : this is lovely game i first haven't in my tab i install in my tab i think is very boring after that my brother said this is lovely game
cameron sheehan : love it because you get to do tricks and 2,0000 coins to start with please put a like.
shibani debnath : i am play this game.it very good control this.its ok.my name arpit majumder.i am live in west bengal ashokenager
christopher reising : this games stinks this game needs to be deleted i thought it was a good game until i started to play it i dont like it
jay miller : it's cool
muhammad sohaib akhtar tanwar : i really never had played this type of awsome game
shawn bottle : horrible game, too easy too fall off bike ..controling sucks ..just a bad game in general
ultimate warrior : i try to play it but it keeps kicking me out
vikram kumar : good graphics , controls are handy i enjoyed it but i have a question does in online race is we compete with real players or are they just bots
jake thornber : good game but i have trouble with it on my s5
amarn776 : this game is a waste off time if you want to please me give me all the bikes
eric dubs : one of the stupidist games i have ever played! can't believe i wasted 2 minutes of my life playing this crap! whoever made this should take it off the market cause its a waste of time!
powerhouse bhaisaab bhagwan : the game is crashing. ..i cant open it...it says unfortunately trial x has stopped. ..what do i do now
a google user : not loved but not hate also
rakshit m patel mahadeva prasad : one of the most worst game i have ever seen in my life
nate lopez : too much space deleted fnaf for this piece of junk
a google user : i think it's an awesome game a bit laggy but i don't mind
d-code cinema : i really love this game even i share this game to my friens but i face some problem
bharti mahant : very nice game. the levels are really hard. awesome game.
mohammed nomaan : wow i think this game is very bad but it is very nice to see the world and my viedio thanks again and my viedio is very nice
corey derlsey : couldn't exit game had to restart my phone to do so, think it's a scam
alfie williams : downloaded other bike games they we're crap but thus ones class !!
ben x : this is the best game.don't fear that this game is of lots of mb download it,play it and enjoy.
drangs potol : excellent game, release pressures. to many constrains like tilting.
mohammed rafi. a : it's really awesome adventure, thirling game pls download nd play tis wonderful game
jackson fletcher : you can definetly form strategies that work and find ones that dont over time.
alex brillhart : thank you i have been trying to get the trials motorcycle games but it cost money then this came out!! thank you but can u make the final level not impossible
a google user : i think this is very popular and very dangerous game in the world i rely veeeeeeeeery loved it.
xd wolfyy : im not joking this app is amazing. all grafix are amazing and controlls are so easy. i think they should make it harder.
stephane tranquille : wow it seems you guys suck at putting together an enjoyable game. hope you
can sing or dance or somethin...
a google user : it is good but not so good, please lounch it's new verson
nathan carters : i updated the game and it put me back to level 1
trevor jauch : since you run out of money you can not get any
santhosh s : hi i am trying to download this bt getting error
pramod ranshevre : just fix some bugs coz it hangs every time when i open the app
nilesh mistri : it's mind blowing game .one thing i like in this game is that is bikes and stunt programming and track
devonne williams : every time i was racing on the second course i died having to go around that long ramp
sergio robles : i hate that it requires so much storage i had to delete all of my apps to get this game
prathamesh warkhade : i tried a lot of time to install the game but always says 905error
kathy smiglewski : change it
trece nelson : this game is so stupid and she calling the stupid gay this so gay man
brandon lejeune : i really like these types of games but could u guys add some red vs blue characters in the game like felix and locus!
darryl fishwick : bloody great for on the bog whilst having a good old sunday morning beer poo
mohammad alfregat : can't download every time i try to download it says error 905 however trail extreme 3 is installed in my device
oh lord : make the game server a little stronger , it's easily crackable, anyone can easily crack the game and buy coins for free. fix it.
edgy vedgy : it's awsome but... the ads are insane but other than that its super fun and a good time killer :)
liam burgess : i love when the person either glithhes into the ground or flys 200 feet into the air.
russell wilson : it keeps cutting out on my phone and they need better music for it something that get the riders goin
maturesphere sphere : i can hack the game if you what a hack account follow me on instgram name
maori_smurf0999
kaie playsxbox : is such civic is of kirk if i did in gift if might
alexavier flowers : every time i tilt or press the buttons the game glitches and turns off
raul banda : way to many adds and not enough free coins or videos u can watch to get coins
tobio kageyama : ugliest game of all time if i can submit 0 star i will rate it 0
subhasree padhy : no word after playing the game.just one word mind blowing game.
abhirup sarkar : my favorite game but the 5th level of this game is very difficult
mark habeeb : everytime i try to download it, it stops around 80%
player9 bros : this game series is so good , you guys really outdone yourself.
a google user : mandolin and the other is a good thing i have ever seen in the past few years
axel hernandez : its funny when his head comes off
jason scott : can't even play this game loads up to about 90% and stops don't waste yr time
jason wood : nothing wrong with it at all works fine on sony xperia z3
a google user : awesome game u should get it its so awesome and i'm not the created of this game but i am a youtuber
dakota lawhorn : i love it i'll always have it unless google play doesn't eczist inymore
jimmy goddard : i would like this game but auto turns off
kmia jole : omg i love this game it's so entertaining ...and every time i mess up i keep going and i do t want to stop!!! so i put myself in the gane and have hella fun
ivor hill : good use to play when 3 but 7 now 100000000002=how much i love game
person gr8 : i paid money but i dint get the coins even after the purchase but overall the game is superb
04 te it a krutish bhandari : why don't u make it tilt controle. i would give it a 5 star rating if u do make it tilt controle.
a google user : i like the game but the game is 211 mb it is a large so i want to tell u that a rich person only download the game wath about poor people's can do so make this game only for 50 mb
african mike : trials e is really good for gaming mostly for me and l love it with my soul and heart and thai you for creating it for world wide and all the controls grafics and everything else. thank you
kyle tolmay : doesnt want to work ! please help me fix it
haji jamshid ayoubi : this game is sooo good. even when you lose it looks nice when you crash and its so funny
u d a y : this game is very good and very interested and easy. his game has stopped and not working please rate for this game.
aaron mercado : out of all the games in th
elizardo bacon : by the way i like this game so far !
ramesh g : waste game not supportable for andriod lolipop and kitkat also with jelly bean dont downlode
manesh aahir : i ts a very difficult and hard game you play and they other increses
glenn cupido : dude i have note 3 and power saving mode not activated and half my phones memory is empty and yet this stupid app is still lagging.
nate : the game was fun at first but glitches started appearing more often further in the game and you can't progress unless you race other players with far superior upgrades and bikes
aparna sharma : it is a good game. but download slowly really it is a good game friends you all also play this
mark bowers : even though the game freezes it still is a good game i certainly enjoyed it
ftfk gaming : downloaded the game gets stuck before menu comes up dont waste your time
luke paton : it's a good game but a little easier levels i keep dying
ben quinn : you have to but everything i hate it now it is uninstalled
suzy constantine : most stupid game ever it takes to long to download and it keeps on crashing
roman bellic : i think that bikes are too expensive and you earn not enough
walter loviscek : it crashed and i have to go back to the first level
codm gibson : eveylevel is too spaced and checkpoints are placed in stupid places wack
mark williams : i would of rated it more if it actually worked
a google user : many stages are very difficult but game too jabardast hai
pooh swindler : it keeps saying that there are to meny apps on my phone
acromatic yt : there is not any good game rather than this
jamie anderaon : i lobe these games they are the bomb keep em comin
sumanth ms : its super i never played like this game its awesome
andrew misiolek : did nothing but sit frozen on an image
brett sullivan : wont let me install on usb storage or sd card
mallikarjun a : it is not even equal to trial extreme 1
tabarion rousseau : disloyal towpath gossips akzo blakeslee coals hey hhkoyh
alex jett : the only problem i ran in to was it drains your barrier
addis benson : cheats me out of money lags badly it sucks i hope that this company gets shut down
austin mahaney : this game has bad graphics controls suck the game glichs it just needs to get off the play store
johred taoey : always lag lag and deletes my progress nah just kidding havent even played lawl
rory is king : used to play this on the laptop but makers if your seeing please make more love it who wouldn't rate this 5
dave warrillow : totally crap compared to tx3, game is ruined with all the online crap, what happened to just playing a game with out the need to constantly connect to the internet, deleted after 1st level !!
shona leanexo : i think this game isn't just for boys because i'm a girl and i enjoy it
not_falcon : loved the game i reinstalled it but it won't load it crashes every time i have a 7.2 gb won't load
fyzabad thomas : please make more action games and please ask for gta to be free for my birthday. may 13
dreddgamer fraze : it just never comes on and just says loading and and nothing never happened
mindy mumaw : it's awesome u can can do wheels back flips
pranav jain : this game is so difficult and always stops working it always shows me a track sgin plz fix it
tyler baer : iv played the game on my 3ds but i didn't know there was a phone version too
hunter h : awesome game. just wish it didn't take so much space... but overall, it's my favorite game
a google user : you will never stop playing once u get 5 star really
imdad khan : its amazing i have also cleared the past parts of this game superb....
brayden j : great game i love i have beat it twice already
vishal kittu : sexiest bike game ever played ...i am thanked to game makers but controls are need to improve
suchiket madhekar : halloween update screwed it all.. i just lost interest in this game.. had to uninstall.
siddhant bhosale : it's awesome i am addicted to it i like trial x i have played all the series bcoz i am an extreme gamer.
abdur rab : you stupid i will hit you a slap if you uptade it one more now shutap
lol!!!!
maruf hassan : this might be a good game this is my first time playing this game i hope that it will be joy full. ..
a google user : i am a beautiful person who is a good time to time and money to buy a new one and only a few days ago by the way to get a chance to win the game is to be a good
whisker nose : so racing has to be a part of this now i hated the racing in trials xtreme 3 :( and not as fun as the last one :( :( :(
ty ledbetter : very addictive i played this game for a while and levelsd up. by far the best bike game i've ever played
derek henderson : played the game for a while. can't stand the ad's even when i'm not playing.
jay vealu : the controls are worst and the game very worst graphics
a google user : huh shirking chi dishforth u hubbub n hmm n by
dan horsman : i really think that the game is really bad
ram suresh : hate it this game is not working no game its a image
a google user : it is very bad please do not install this app
fahad ahmed : twice i dowbloaded it completely but it doesnt install
sanjay dwivedi : the cost of accessories is too expensive make short
suraj rathod : one of the stupid game waste of time water off anergy
kurtis hicks : this game made me break my old tablet
reece trenbath : sorry this has stopped ugh i hate it when that happens
nb clifford : the driver keeps jumping and making weird sounds
chris healy : when ever i try to play it it keeps crashing
haroon ali : i can say this game is halal and it is not suitable for veges
kristi green : is anyone having this problem
rabbyrabby : i like it this game but its display not good
bob luther : it made my phone glitch even after uninstalled
daron lee : it is one of the worst games i ever played
reggie buck : i installed it but uninstalled because it just stop working
jacob rodriguez : i like but it dont jump high enough
logan guy : i just dont like too need wifi for tracks
recklessgamer493 : i could not even get the colsntrols to work
ajay kumar : this game is very bad and not make best for ever
pramod kumar : i think that the new update is not good i play with the internet
mr khan : its bad not succesfull for lolipop
game lover : hey developer i want to talk with you about this replay me
labrandon p. : when i download this it goes back to google play screen
john venistan : its waste of time its always hanging
abdi abukar : it is kind of hard but you will get used to it
goosbooster _02 : this game is is very bad you ceep losing and it ceeps lacking
a google user : i cant play it but i kniw its really good
santhosh sri : this one gud game but stage is very difficult
rawalker666 : very unrealistic controls and far too may adverts
helen whaley : i love the game so much thank you hoover poked there pants
knee cap : i hate it soooooo much i think a todler could make a better game this game is retarded do not download!!!!!!!
raj tripathi : this is a very high graphic game and i loved to play it, wishing that these games will be in the future
michael ridgeway : extreme lag and it has force closed on me 3 times in the past 10 minutes
a google user : i loved this game nthing much only if u see this app jst download it
ya : no words just amzing even more i hope another one comes out
a google user : nothing i could tll but best motor crossing game in just 450 mb
derek bergeron : 3 was better. go back on 5 and keep it simple. having to get the 3 stars and the gameplay all around was way better.
jack ross jr : i don't like this game because i lost millions of times
zawar ali zahid : fix the jump plugin. sometimes it ducks instead of jump. rear junction work and nostile function behaviour
james moon : it don't even load up. it stats to load then cuts off.
mark odette : maybe being an adult i rather actually ride my bike then play a kids game
jah droppedem : it freezes up alot and when i use the buttons they just start not working
randy roach : the game shuts off when ever i get on it its really getting on my nerves pls fix this
michal belcik : i am an addict if the owner sees this can he help me pay for my addiction therapy
russel david : i really hate it when im tryna play and an ad just pops up
aaron brown : level 5 is bull thir there is a board in the way so i can get where your trying to go
luap m : every time i download it fails and it makes me delete all my fav games also youtube
jfd jgsd : there seemed to be an endless wave of people that would magically pass through every obstacle
blake lilja : this game sucks because u can't do nothing and i'm not wasting money on frieking coins if i were u i would not even install this follow my advice!!!!!!!
chaz c hanna : haven't heard feed back on whether issues resolved from the glitches or not. just sayin.
subham saha : i like this game ! highly addicted game ever, best graphics.. awsm
aidan corrigan : not really a trials game utilising balance, more of a fast motocross game.
ronak macwan : it is best game forever.it is similar to gta 5.and its graphic are also best
c02 frosty : i liked it alot it needs more customizable parts and it gliches once in a blue moon.
aparna mete : i am a beautiful person who is the best way to get the best way to get the cheapest option is available to you and 50th anniversary of the year of the time of booking and 427, but the most 5737
fredrich garcia : i think we need an a improvement we need to break the bike when we drop in
the sky high
joanne stallard : it's very good but the controls are a bit hard to get used to
kamran khan : donot install time waste and data waste so please don't waste your time.
dylan crane : i don't like how i have great wifi and it still stops at 369
darra salomon : i like it but its over the button me the button right the button screenshot while pressing ctrl
richard brooks : maps weren't that great, slow to restart to checkpoint, too many ad prompts, and too many in-app-purchase upsells.
ashutosh purohit : wow really nice and great graphics must play but it offline then much better.... else good
muhammad afghan : it say that it can't be installed after i downloaded it, wasting my time and internet data.
tom wallington browne : its good but the space it takes to install is horrendous edit: nevermind, actually pretty good, just my phone was trash
ginta locane : good game btw i had a glitch were eveey hat was free
prakash kc : the only thing that i have a good idea
pawanraj anwekar : cant tell you how i loved the game but still need some improvements then i give it five out of five
momen khamis : after 2 months from playing tx 3. i was bored this one.... naa
a google user : i think this game doesn't need any work on it is fantastic job who ever did it i would like to know what you are doing next on a new game
hyponex : it is the best game
derrick wiggins : i play this every day and almost had it for 7days and have almost a million non stop playing
carrie garland : so many things on that game r awesome lov it make more games plz
suhel makkad : when i click install it shows error 492 what does it means
gaurav mahore : cgygghjg vfg v. fgggccdfvbffggbbfbb.cfgvv vgnnhn bhvvhhhbbbghhb rhgfkfr ghijd to be the same thing happened with you to the next day or two of us are here for a while to respond quickly as possible so we can get the best way of life is good for me and my wife is a great day out of stock and will not be a bit like the idea is that the uk for a couple more days and if you want me to be the first one is a great day out of stock and will not be a bit of the year and i will be in a fe
jaden gill : i have seen way better with better graphics
spirit gaming : my level eleven of depot is not working properly it shows very slow working of bike
belinda upchurch : i like dirt bikes. this game is fun.
michael moreno : this game is as fun to play and petty cool, was loking for hours on app store and found this and found app parididice
akm lov3r : i feels this game, as i was a stunt boy, realistic control and
graphic,s...i love it. but, one thing..add more philips in this game, so
that..it would be awesome.
pramod jaiman : hate this game because notification never stops
tristanbutchok siretristan : the game is amazing guys it would be better if they added more n more maps and upgrading skills n tricks and more motor bikes that's all i have to say game producers
nexxis- : it's ok, i enjoy it, but way to boring when you get far in the game.
a google user : the game is superb and the graphics are looking like i am gone into the game and playing.
nageshwar rao kandakatla : but slow in downloading but my inter net is so fast
c2 keen : good game i realy like it because i'm into bike games like this and i like how it's on android because i play similar games like this on the playstation 3
a google user : it's a great app to play when your bored i really like it!!
mr. gaming buddy : this game is bad and having bad graphics at all allmost i don't like this game
mistnyyt : very good but there is one problem there are not another levels i rate 5 if fix
garrison mills : this game is awesome its not one of those slow glitch games its actually fast
michael page : 3 was so good. you can't call this 4. this is a different game. try again give us a real trial extreme 4. i bought all the extra levels on 3. i uninstalled this after a few free levels.
nikhil verma : this is the amazing game . very good. to kill the time
bogun : its good its got some lags on samsun galaxy core but still the game is fantastic!fix lags.
abhishek topno : it is game online this is very bad game is ok nice game pealce trailxterme5 launched very fast
pixar : when i try to download the error was come..
satinderjit singh : the graphics of this game are brilliant and we can also play with other players
another king : wow! the first time i opened the game it was awesome and and i really have been amazed...really they have taken racing games to next level so guys i love u ... pleazzzzz update it and make trial xtreame 5 ... loved the game ...
rekha jain : nice i love you the first time on clinicians armamentarium djsfdkdgie grimaldi's i ng skeletonized
lupe davalos : i hate that i cant do free style
chevlin : this app is so fun. it's so fun even verizon recommend this. get this app
md ga a : but sometime it are not worked nice
sandip roy : this is a amazing game i wish if my mobile was 2gb than i can download i played this in my father's mobile
brian : i may try this game on my iphone as it's a bit too demanding at times for my lowly 7" galaxy tab 3. not the games fault, just my little tablet can only do so much. what it does run, i'm quite impressed how well some games scale for device performance but having only 8gb of storage on my tablet, it leaves little room for newer games that don't support external memory such as the 64gb sdxc card in with android 4.4.2
aditya thakker : this is a bad vary vary bad i ever play delete this from play store
xxdaricia savagexx : this game sucks even the grapichs
mark mysnyk : work, work, work, work, work, work he said me haffi work, work, work, work, work, work! he see me do mi dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt, dirt! so me put in work, work, work, work, work, work when you ah guh learn, learn, learn, learn, learn meh nuh cyar if him hurt, hurt, hurt, hurt, hurting [verse 1: rihanna] dry! ...me a desert him nuh time to have you lurking him ah go act like he nuh like it you know i dealt with you the nicest nuh body touch me you nuh righteous nuh badda, text me in a crisis i believed
ben myatt : i don't now how good it is
ab plays : very fun to play and so challenging but its kinda hard to controll
ashish pandey : ugly game no graphics and plus it has too much ads! ..
pksinger pratik : i love this game in trail extreme 3 the was good but trial extreme 4 is. better than trial extreme4
bill jones : this game so much fun and i love racing games with a ragdoll fail
bradley johnson : won't let me go in. what u do don't get this game it's just a waste of 211 mb
a google user : this is a nice game but a rip off there are no boards
p. thomas : he said that he wanted you to see this game and i 'll send her out with the info to the game
jahstin : the best way for me to do it for a few months ago and i will be a good time for a few weeks.
jeet singh : a game where there is no win or won. i just play it because i love playing it.
akhilesh singh : it's very good i had never seen this game ever thanks please reply me
steveem janer : its nice and all that but u have to get alot of stars and its hard
arup pal : since this game launched,i am used to play it.lot of bugs are fixed now like - blakening of rider's head etc but i don't know why unlike other games it has no way/option to exit from the game or getting the exit menu.whenever i press back button nothing occurs.i have to press the home key/menu key to exit.otherwise unquestionably great game in it's category & at least a way way better than "trials frontier".hope new the update should overcome/fix this exit issue.but i will give it 5.
selwin orosota : abit slow when opened to play.please fix it up.
nathan femdogg : have played before and could not stop playing
a google user : gd game in jst 450 mb thist type of games c9mes in 700 or 1.2gb when trial
xtreme 5 or returns will com plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz plz remove ads
or make them least in 5 minutes only 2 or 3 ads should come when you will
make ads least than only i will give 5 stars but now i am giving 3 stars
prasanta kumar dora : so,i play this game please download it
dalton septer : i dont like how you lose money if you lose the race
dylan.defreitas de.freitas : i love this game i have played no:2 and love this one
melani davids : love it but dont get my money when i buy some
rudy valdez : i freaking loved so much i cant stop playing
tulika parasar : i won money and instead of getting the money, the amount vanished from my account in the game
tanisha bhatia : this game is very nice but the problem is that everything thing appears in black color can u help me
niranjan gowda ninja : the game is so boring and it kill so many place
adam bowers : you have to have internet to play any of the levels
ray mca : i broke my phone because of how annoying this game is
a google user : awesome time killer it's the best game ever and when you're bored it is a great time killer
mr. bug : the best racing game but very big additional file but still you should play this its awesome
prathamesh joshi : nice online. bad offline. all should be unlocked in offline too.... that's it... rest is xtream
jerome adams : this thing has too many ads i am mad
kin potatoes : it's good but there are glitches and please please please make it controller support
syed uzair : some levels are too easy or much difficult should also add bikes
balwinder kaur : it is worst ever . please don't download this app
shaurya dubey : this is best bike game and good than trip xtreme 3 more than clash of clans
armaan rai : best bike game i ever play with lot of difficult missions.
deadshadow 307 : hated it it sucked their was too many ads it too easy to did repetivly wish i could give a zero
rocio valencia : i love this game alot i play it everyday
disen konwar : mind blowing game very good graphics and it's so nice to kill time
cafzok ok : i love it to be able to customize you person and the feel of how the bike controls ********** stars for me best game ever
heinzbeanspizza : its a bit buggy so if you fix that ill give u 5 stars thank you
harley biffen : just downloading now i like how your team try to help the best you can and resolve any issues
aaron stiegel : at one point during the game, a bear cams out of the woods and mauled me and my bike. is this normal, or do i need to get it fixed?
tushar giri : it is just literally extreme. all bike racing fans would love it
the emperor : this game is cool but make easier control s i'll be thank full to you
guy roberts : let's me do one level then shuts down & restarts. looks like a kool app too. oh well...
jack hiles : if you like getting really mad and throwing you're device then this game is
for you!
dm is a qt : its really cool i'm just been addicted to it for a long time
a google user : i want to have trial extreme 5.. i love this game, great graphics and controls.
kye avery : i like the other ones but it keeps glitching
dtd1027 : not really like fusion or hd but loved it really fun
a google user : amazing addicted its really good graphics and sound nice game i really love it
dimitris anastasiadis : i havent any problem with it . good job devolepers
samrat patel : i have just nothing to say it's extremely well interested game
srinivas bunny nirogi : super bowl is it possible to be a good time for me and you can get the chance to be a great time
chris cruz : addictive! <-- just to show on board. starts out way too hard. not fun at all if you can't win first race.
alamin hossain : it's very addictive.it will be more if you add bluetooth or hotspot multiplayer.
cristobal de alba : the game graphics are horrible and overall the game is fun but for me its the graphics
anthony brown : i really love it i love it so much i tried to get it aging i give
blader zip : it sounds great and was suggested by my brother! great game!
joseph king : it was good in the beginning but then it went slow and there is a ad every time your done with a race and i bought coins on here and it didn't give it to me
aryan bansal : it's a very interesting game it is difficult to control but i like it
vin _ : pretty intense game good for killing time d controls could be a lil bit better
viizual viizionz : i love this game but i have seen better if the bikes we're cheaper it wold be better
mayank saluja : the 3 version of the game is much better than this version the game doesn't even open. after all if i could give 0 starts to it. i will..... makers need to do some work on this......
rahul sonu : tx3 was some what nice than this this game. is rubish burrrr
vansh verma : it's a very fantastic game in the world and good graphics so cool very nice game please download these game have more fun and very good controls
a j : nice game but graphic r not so good but i like this game
donnie simms : too many ads needs different bikes actual trials bike not some piece of s&!#
corlata brown : i love it love for life like right now
ron beech : not a fan of personal information abuse...read the terms well b4 u play it
smh
a google user : this game is really fun to play and it is hard to get off the game once you have started playing
adham khalid : wow xd beware ! this game will introduce you to new level of awesomeness
michele a : hey i'm elias and this is the best game ever and i love it because the moter cycles are cool and fast
rylee hoeller : your game is fun but im the unluky one that found a glitch
nicki solomon : the boys kept saying u know what time polar 0
alex blackburn : says file has a bad manifest
rayyan shahid : trial xtreme 3 was far more better...
multi leader : j i love it its so fun like more than fun like exciting or awesome
jennifer minard : i can't get coins and online it so hard to win i lost coins and i paid $10/dollers
fugatech : it's superb... but need to purchase.. i need all things free.
manoj kumar : good game loved its graphics control and many more but it has one problem after playing sometime we only need money ads are to long we can't restart tournament without watching long ad
nicholas spearmon : i played this game on my friend's phone.and i fell in love with it
michael hartley : wouldn't let me who any thing i mean any thing. uninstalled
alex burns : this game as got to be the best so far it gets harder and harder
richard akana : best motorcycle game that ever came out yet. keep um coming with the games.
zach moore : very challenging and good sound and graphics buuuutttttt to many ads
anju kapil : it's not so good but it is better than it's older version
pro gamer tom : cool but glitch hard levels pls fix
jeremiah flowe : this game is bullshit. everytime it loads. it shuts down
the water athlete : it is amazing the graphics are really nice i love it so much i can't let go
crystalfila crystaldragon : it could be better you should have to pay some things
christian goodway : played it before and loved it so i'm reinstalling it for some fun
sf rayhan : first i use it then comment... ok
a google user : i love it every one shale play
the humour parade : awesome game can't wait for the 5 part please launch 5 part asap
nicaragua guy : this game is one of the best games i have ever plaid. if you have the space!
kyle bill : its good but not better the trial extreme three
christy daly : i won't let me download it fix it and i might give this app five stars
mohammad ali : this is boring game there is no advantage to play it
cooper abbott : its awesome but i dont like it only on wifi waste of money
kaled metz : it is soooooo... um how do i explain it umm well i couldn't i never played it
adnan ahmed : a game of the most important thing is that the company is called racer a rider is important to racer
bawa tv : i love this game and i like this game more than clash of clans
nzo alpha yt : this is a great biking game that i have never ever seen in my whole life.
ananta banerjee : can't play properly i am good in this
bryan walton : god dam awesome!!! me and my best mate love this game you have got to download it
a google user : can't stop playing this game it's amazing what i tell about this game it's very useful and funny
a google user : dont give adds i m angry i will say that its awesome
thabsile elizabeth : you can buy different motorbikes and i have a cheat for this game
harsha harshasheety : awosome this game very good graphic im not play download this game download after im play ok g. m
levani_10 e.s.i.t : let's delete ghosts and players see each other like a player in duel please do this and are you making trial xtreme 5?
caleb cantwell : don't get it so glitchy can't believe it i only give it a 1 star glitches a lot and can't even get through a course without a giant glitch really slow
gaming with shakir : really sucks cool not cool? yayya ya its sucks all time crashing bike not going buggggggsssss this thing has to stop
a google user : its really good,the controls are perfect and the graphics. might need to work on the gameplay a bittt more install it now!!
aida kassim : its so awesome you get to do stunt and thing
savananh cler : i love this game! time filling. no need for wifi
lieutenant commander : way too many ads and it lags every 5 seconds making you crash
sam rowe : would be better with more intresting obstacles
lancer and julea : it's good not the best graphics or control but it's over all a good game
tomas resio : the last game was better.. it's completely laggy.. awful
t.j. huck : i've played tx3 before and that was good too. great job deemedya
miller outdoors : only just got game, puts you against opponents with much better spec bikes etc, no chance of winning a race at all! deleted.
lewo mew : awesome, great and everything else is just so amazing. this is all what i could say because the game just blew my mind!!!!!!
israel bean : the best but there are some difficulties
dylon lopresti : this was problably one of the best motocross games i've ever played.
a google user : bad games don't paly the game. it is not real. this is fake app.
xaniva _ : you can't reverse the motorcycle. it makes me angry :(
ethan cook : stopped working randomly i was playing in the screen just went black i locked my phone out and then i unlocked it and it was back to the home screen don't know what happened help please!!!!!!
melchor sandoval : this game suck cant even. download
samarth narladkar : doesn't work on my asus fonepad 7
a google user : best trial extreme yet! i love this game and im looking forward to the next one.
pritam roy : not so good.. want some more improvements
jai 1809 : not the best of games but its still good the tilt of the screen is hard and isnt sensitivie enought
ryan segraves : doesn't load on my tablet if it did 5 stars
greg ellison : pay to win, uninstall not worth my time
a google user : good graphics awesome flips and you can get to choose your own outfit and
bike
namdeo phalle : nice game but not that much enjoyable one
hitesh chandani : i want to purchase coins, when i click on the plus button, it gets stuck forever on the loading screen (the three bikes in a circle) and doesnt end up anywhere. how can i buy anything without coins ??
a google user : that the form to be the only reason why not the best thing is a very long term business with a great time to meet at all and interpersonal in a lot more information please contact us for our own personal information and i would have a nice time for the form for your email find all the form to take care about this and i am looking at a great week or next year old daughter of my mind if it doesn't work with a great time at a very small business we can you give it some more information please contact your company in my life in my mind that the same as well i am going through my resume is enclosed herewith is what is a lot to be able the best of all time to get it is very good day and age limit for a great weekend so that you can do the job is what way you have to go for the same problem i have to do a
neelima jain : 100%download was completed but at last it gave an error fake
a google user : its nessecery to give 1 star this game doesn't deserve 1 star...fk
bhavadip rakholiya : bad game... this game i download 3 times but all times fail download.
sahil sanwal : no words to describe , just go for its
bismit wagle : this is most bad game i ever played in my life
siyabonga xulu : it is very fun and i love it but i hate the adds
sangam sk : don't trial i will try this game.
a google user : i have no words jk its awsome!
gajendra singh : love dis game!!! have plyed earliers versions tooo
iceyennui : i loved it i also loved the rag doll when you die it's very challenging i rate five.
a google user : best game ever i have seen loved these game very very difficult and adventures game highly stunts with cycle
taylor hanna : frand smashd his phon
deeps 007 : good as compared to the older versions. but still not impressed :-)
random_communistic_spagget : 364mb ala einai ligo gia ton poutso sto online... poli hackers..
erick bekov : too many ads and some cannot be closed...
a google user : it is amazing ...i think this no 1 game of bikes it's too interesting
arif shahriar : it's so mojar that i can't charte parchi
a google user : , i think you can do some minor changes
takir hossain : foul app, eats my bandwidth
stuart coxhead : ai cheats you won't be able to win they want you top spend money on this piece of trash uninstal this game before the ai beats you with out ever touching some of the task terrible game
mrinal kanti halder : always showing error while downloading.
arcttic : cool game. but love the guy crash.
meli : every time i play it, it comes out and say, "unfortunately trial extreme 4 has stop." i'm never gonna play this ever again. i hate it!! b-( fine by me
elizandrito morales : it wont let me go in the app
james logan : i can't even install i tried 8 times gets to the end and tells me it can't install... gay
a google user : i love it vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvvmuch it is addicted fun good graphic cool pop
jezreel manalo : damn the improvements are very good:)
blair zinger : dont even get to play it so glitchy and it went back to my home screen..try harder!
sumukh k : good graphics need some changes but still good.
violent kobra : its fun but it crashes after one game
josh craig : look at trials xtreme 3, that 4.0 rating is a lie ,this game had a lot of potential when it was called trials xtreme 3 drop the ball developers i put a lot of money in the last one very disappointed.
t r u e n o : i personally love the ragdoll when you fall off your bike
gambler 580 : game is very good but graphics are not so good ...but like it
teri runyon : i'm going with you and your family and friends and colleagues and friends are coming to see if i could have done a lot of people who don't think i have been working in a few weeks ago and the kids are in a few days ago i was just wondering what the problem is the best way to go with the new one for the y do you think you are not the same as a result i have to be at the end of this email is strictly prohibited from disclosing distributing or copying of the way i can do it in the future of the way i can do to
mekhei slaughter : this m is.great for stunting,driving,and.flipping
jamarian nash : for one this game takes to long to download and when it's done its ceases right away like plane as day!!!!!! and you still have lots of ads that messes up your game while playing the game and if you say its a good game stop lyin!!!!!!!!!!!! :(
ollie brock : doesnt load beyond the start menu. just a picture of a start line but nothing to press
ravindran nr : game is good but not good in some place of level
a google user : it take very much space , it's very booring game , slow in loading.
j gaming : took long to download for no reason,then i lagged and stopped working, worst game i've downloaded!
richard hemingway : it is the best thing to do with a friend
sarwar ali : because this game os very nice adventurer and many more things
alahari sai mohan : the game play is good and graphics ,controls are so good this is all time favourite game
mehfooz ul hasan : camera view is really bad. sorry to say..
mohammed hassan : i mean it's not as bad as u guys think.what i think is that it reminds of the pc game.
chintu vamsi : but when i tried to install it it says error 905 can anyone help ?????
todd crayne : can you fix the game itself to have it not have the battery low? if you can't do that, i understand. thanks
louis ayodeji-bowen : this game is amazing i strongly recommend u download it because it is grate fun.
anabel perez : the game isn't working for me !!
mahesh mudhiraj : waste game friends please don't install this game
a google user : it crashed even before getting start for the first time.
michael woods : wonky physics and notification spam. stay far away.
shailendra pandey : very addictive game for crazy guys
betty nichols : i love this game. i have it on my xbox and now my phone!
elijah bolds : it's an actual pretty good game it just needs a little more work on it :)
template : i'v played all the games and i love them all!!
jersey bandit : i payed 9.99 for 85,000 coin...twiceee..both times i got a confirmation text and than after the sale when it goes back to the game it says "purchase failed, offer list is empty"
jason kirby : this game is awesome it dose not take internet of is not in fare it is perfect if you like cutlet nicking games
brantley mckinnon : graphics suck, physics suck, and thr animations.
julius fernandes : i like to defeat who challenges me like this only this the game is so defeat ur challengers and go front about the game its cool and awesome
tfms 1 : very good. however just a suggestion but it would be nice to have a first person view
gerald cabuay : just turn of your wifi if you don't want ads... it's really great game, sorry if only 4 star coz i want to see more in the next update ;).
farzana shaikh : the awesome game for best riders i have played all the 4 of these versions
this was the besst!!
quentin sepass : its a fun game i'd prefer you guys to download it and try it!
man boy ndou : looks addictive and cool my type is stunting so im getting it
zachary yeap : its quite good but it takes a hell alot of time to download
brendan ness : whwn i try to download it it stops at 86%
ravinder singh : lol yeah it would like to know that you can get the best way to get the best way forward
chris johnston : pay to win as per usual! the harder the levels, the more in game currency i had to pay! such a shame, too many ads, deleted and i'll move to something better
disha shivlani : this game is so good but downloading is very slow
kimberly aguirre : it is tje best game becuse it's challenging and funny it's fun.
christopher deamon : i love the game and all it's features. . i can play it offline
zabath d'inferi : i think i'll stick to the previous entry. this is not a bad game, i just like the other one better.
aakarsh jaiswal : two games which i loved to play that is trial extreme 3&4.
elishia wright : this is a stupid as game do not get it
maliq singleton : everytime i try to play it stops and lags
mohd sohil : nyc game u also try clash of clans
saravana harish : this app cheat this fraud not works dam the bit
trash ll : cant get past the loading ramp on lg leon
danick desrosiers : since the new update
naresh t : it was the worst app ever i saw really
thomas burton : the game will not work
yash chaturvedi : i am in very class failed
ayush kumar : achaaa hai paaar there should be more changes
a google user : not so good but enough to time pass
aakash gandhi : does not respond any time it is a east of mb
6784 sidhant soni : its online game just waste my internet
radhe singh chouhan : my fevered game tried xtreme 1234
a google user : its stupid it made me cancel my download
super sam : when i press jump i gets out of the game
harikrish : its un fortunately stoped plz help mee
liam mountford : horrible do not download eberybody else is a bot
zeeshan rind : nyx but when u lost money its creepy
will bruce : too many bugs please fix soon
silke bursy : its nothig like fortnite battle royale hahahahahah
xp gaming : it seas its stopped
shrijal missaga : lags and slows and stops sometimes
ryley fletcher : game is way too hard and controls are retarded
cole hawkins : it keeps crashing me right when i start
johan sanchez : it takes long to load and it just freezes
hamster beast13 : it look so good i just had to try it
mobile subzero : i love the 1st-4th best games i've ever played
a google user : this. work not faster some time take start
joe myers : just closes immediately, doesn't work at all,uninstalling.
jacob boone : stupid app. takes up alot of memory and runs battery down quickly...extremely easy...do not download. if i could give 0 stars, i would...
joseph twala : this is my most favourite sport i can do. rise bikes rise
jerry dudley : great concept. not so great physics
a google user : it was okay i just don't really like it that much
neel golani : this is agood game but he starting very slow &hang
sunita sanghaniya : good update but since last update it bounces anywhere but very good deemedya
a google user : this game is a very good game because there is many things you can do like play with freinds and do tricks
jacob vazquez : loved it so much i jerked off to it
nb uk : crap idea in my eyes stick to what got your games worth getting before
big chungus : dont know if its my phone but i cant even open the app :-(
joshua hislop : would rate it better but don't even let my start the game
jazz keats : its awesome but u have to try something new on trial extreme 5. yep
a google user : better but not the best graphics are good but it needs some improvement
a google user : ..the best game in the world i will no live with out it
khim biona : i cant play without internet connection grr..
can ertugrul : its very good some little glitches but still perfect!
kushal wakkar : dont download dumbest game ever
manjinder singh : this f*** ones have taken my 397 mb two times and didnt installed my game give my 800 mb f*** ones
murugesh nadar : this was not at all good
kadin wiliams : when u spend ur. money you cant get any mor
joshua altamos : only racing online. lame where's the old style.
shalini mittal : wow it's an awesome game and i really really loved it , but i didn't like
the ads
amit tanwar : had the game been more open and free, it deserves a 5 star rating!
harry hulse : make it not as big a game it takes up to much storage but it makes a good youtube video
lata oberoi : i have been playing many such games but this one is awsome and worth.
wesley whitlatch : fun to play and kill some time
junsang subba : i always open this it works like 1 mins and it crashes my game pls help
candyman : this game is awesome and its very funny when you wipe out
xxangelybarraxx : best game i've ever played in my entire life good job creater
srah manoksi : even thogh i have 3 downloaded apps left on my tablet it is the best game ever!
harshad awhad : trial xtream 3 is better then this. need more. i really despoint for graphic and control. need more upgrate
ammar boss : worse game i ever played
ben macleod : this game is boring. what else can i say.
alan hernandez : it's so cool i will rate 5 stars
funofficial : this game is very interesting. but i don't no its features.i newly install this game
carnage : trial xtreme 3 is better...harder maps and you dont need to go online to unlock maps...as well as the balancing of the bike was better... :(
a google user : it closes itself when i try and play.
kosen khan : this game is very cool and it if fabulus superb i loved this game
armankilic kilic : the one thing
kobe larochelle : it's a very good game great graphics and awesome gameplay.
alfredo duarte : i got android 5.1.1 and its great who else has it
travis wilmot : makes you buy cheap to play after a few races!!
justin samuel : it's very amazing game.so pls download and enjoy friends.cool man
tazz : great game awesome stunt bikes.keir bradley the sensitivity is great the only reason it probably stuffed up for you is u eather have a crap phone or its stuffed
inderjeet singh : wow! i can not tell any thing about this i can only tell that this game is fantastic
michael gomez : best motocross app there is. hands down
john brush : i lost my memory and please make all levels free please!!
a google user : i like this game very much please update it . it's a nice game
kane komaksiutiksak : was excited to get the game but never any luck downloading it!!!
051_saransh sharma : omg! deemedya awesome game evr plyed but didnt lykd the new update
vincent mugica : this games horrible can't even play
nor ferim simin : fin baby,why im stuck at thailand 9
jassi sharma : my bullet bike is my fav bike... this game is fail.
jj torres : this game is lots of fun and super competitive which is what a like and also hypes me up!
tucker crockett : haven't tried it but played the trails games and there good
nimesh vasa : very very very much better than other games.....i really liked that
nicks email : pretty good again . i recommend 2 games raft (nothing but the word raft) ...and trial extreme 4 .
sam rous : but its got lots of bugs
anime songs : it,s so amazing i love to play this game ,i spend lot of hour,s to play this game
ap sb : i didn't see any game like this superb
kartik gupta : world worstest game is this .i don't like it .
tyler olson : it's the best with sound.it is a hard game just the way i like it
simply a : trail extreme 3 is better, sorry developer
shaun willard : this game is so addicting. and the graphics are great
nathan watson : played all other trial extreme games and this one is the best!!
a google user : really realistic. good gane to play to pass time or just have fun.
crystal martucci : its a really fun dirt bike game and cool obstacles
james khawzawl : this is the coolest game,man you needa try.
aaryan va : make the game offline. then i'll give it 5 star
aspen motland : dude, it's swagtoast 9000 get this game gucci 2x bro
khalid khan : a grat time killer.good graphic .very cool version
komal deepesh ruhela : i think that if you will add zombies in the next version of trial xtreme then it would be more interesting fabulous
darius herrera : the laggy bug please but this game is still fu..... awesome -=d
bleed green : suck this error i hate this game
vanessa russo : it is okay for me but sometimes gives me problems
haneef official : i never played this game i enjoyed very much
bryson blizzard : i hate this game it sucks and it is a rage game
yash sonalia : just another app that takes your money
blake ridenour : i am going on the same thing
warhan : worst game you have to pay game money this is why it sucks
smelly slime : i hate this game its terrible
tristen masse : i almost hated it but i had syptothy
piyush jha : i want to say one things this game is world wrost game
alo lopez : it always loges me out
nihal ps : even during duels ads come in and disturb ! absolutely hated this unwanted this interruption!! i will reinstall when you fix this.
kirby : loved it its so good ans epic stunts
ryno #r14 : love this game! its so fun
sanmoy haldar : that game is so good,i think it is the best game for bike racing.
a google user : it's a great game and this game is very interesting and good graphics and nice stunts and
a google user : shopping.thus the 2 bring my kids are you doing today and projects that are 2 percent of the robot boy the electric transformer prime minister of the robot boy the electric transformer prime minister of the robot boy the electric transformer prime minister of the robot boy the electric transformer
unni akshay : it's really better game for an adventure bike rider who are able to know patience..
rafique ahmed : i have ever played thia game it is really very nice game...i love it
vivek raj : its good but too many ads. we h.ave spend coins on it
emily lee : i like how u can race with friends.
alexander varlan : it's just not as good as trial xtreme 3
tarun srivatsa : shift game no clear view don't download
atif khan : please give small size games also and thanks for this game
a google user : nice game nice graphics nice bike place every things iz good
faiaz ul islam : good game and great game engine, need some excitement though, graphics are also good
a google user : ita a awesome game not boring bt its a very cool and tym passing!!!
gil raffaut : graphics are ridiculously bad, trial xtreme 3 was far much better than this! the game is almost similar to trial xtreme 2
blue greenglue : i can't even go up the mountain to get to the first checkpoint
mike cruz : i played number 3 and thought eh its ok but this, this is a bit better
jacob dunn : im with scott my bike is maxed out and i am far behind the first placemen otherwise id rate 5
benjamin jeremy : i don't know how you make these games
a google user : ahhh i don't know what to say the end
shyam lal kumawat : awesome controls and the graphics are too good.... thanks to team deemedya inc
irelant jackson : this game is amasing. probably the best game ever since the beginning of the year .
logan russell : awesome everyone download this now you wont regret it
eli hawk : you had to buy levels that's bullshit and a waste of money
gareth mc : best game ever no bugs just a challenging and fun game
alan fenton : won't down load so i can't even give it no stars
bryan mcmahon : fun game good user interface, good graphics and good background scene variety.
jhon smit : guys must be play this game don't lost this chance.
collin wingfan : so this game is not to bad but its an awsome game so download it ok
makesure you download it because its a fun game piece ou
emma roberts : this game is cool! but i haven't played yet -_-
anik ahmed : i like this game :-) but cut 2 much mb
curt mathews : needs too many permissions.
ghanghav raghunath : it's no 1 game in the world
shreyas dutta : loved it best biking game i had ever played and very addictive.
oscar lee : this is awesome get this game now! but is there a mode where u can race your friends at the same time ? that would be cool
manish verma : this game is so addicted and very good graphics wow wow wow wow
jared cheng : love it, blows my mind
santosh mutagekar : i liked this game very much, but it automatically exit sometimes when i am playing.....
wayne aroo roo : amazing and the rest of the best way to get the most important thing to remember
jack c : trials extreme 3 was good but tjis game is trash.
football spider : i love challenge it make feel like i can beat it and a boss
sameer_2k_infinity : need some improvements.. and i hope you will do that
ahmad chaudhry : i just love it the way rider goes down is superb
claudio villalobos : gent dis game is so cool and dead and two aym like two is dead aym liket dis game
vincent stephens : ace.. addictive and with good support. goid game for a long train journey.
nurhassan husain : although the controls are hard but its like a challenge for me but please make it easier.for the newbies
micajah steedley : it wont load past the screen with the grass and the wooden bridge!!
sajit panta : i really like this game but there are many ads pop up in game play so please look on that
matthew ball : it had many hard and fun maps
mowlah waahid : i actually don't know how the game is as it is downloading
a google user : i fantastic game and the other side of things to say that the best regards john john i have been working too thanks
ani biju : this is very nice game good graphics and control's you have to download this game you will enjoyed
nicole mcmath : this games amazing and the motorcycles are amazing as well
abdul wahab : i download it when the downloading become to 45% downloading stop error (905)...what is that...please help me :(
christian baker : very fun lots of levels gets harder as it goes.
golam mostofa : stupid games for stupid guys but for me the best game
yuri caberoy : i dont like this game anymore oh yeahhh and i go to my room and boom!!!!!
nathan ferraro : you won't give up until you complete the level
ty thompson : it is really good i really like it and would recommend it to people who like motor bike games
michael bond : my phones security detected malware and google are aware of this .. do not download.
ezequiel gonzalez : it's very fun and great graphics also keep up the good work!
a google user : great game love it better than all the rest of them.
a google user : super ft err try ft try i'd dying cut n
rishi gosain : best time killer games loved it but it's very high mb
noah lutz : it's alright. fun game to use taking a crap
nicola birch : you guys this game is so cool you got to play it it is amazing
hashim habib : this game is awesome its graphics are too much better than other games
rafael imbud : i think its fun dearplayer;you should downloud this
poonam singh : it is good game, but it takes very much mobile data
scott shanno : not bad could be better though jst saying
a google user : i think the game is very good and addictive i recommend you download it
qambar bezanjo : best trail game i found so far. love the graphics, levels, places and the trail.
tarun viknesh : but this game requried internet connection to play... please fix this.
abhijeet mohapatra : i like this game so very much. best quality game. biography is very excellent.
the colour yellow : great game but upgrades cost too much money! my mum and dad won't get em'!
shirley herman : love so awesome you know it's awesome by #1 raceing game
amazing spider men : this game is really amazing . i am just loving it.
vijaya biswas : it was very great game when i start it was amazing graphics but please upgrade it more better
vlogger lewis : great game some hard bits but it's awesome
isaiah huinquez : i love this game it's very fun and cool
qwerth dakjb : trial xtreme 3 is best than trail xtreme 4. but this is not bad
minecraft best : but let us play and buy stuff offline like bike's and stuff
a google user : amazing game earning money could be abit easier but all in all brilliant
ollie jane : this game is so fun with lots of levels get this amazing app...
trevor martin : i think it is amazing. and you can download it and see if you think it is amazing.
showbert : and i have plenty of space
luke bonilla : i wish the other settings were free.
a google user : best game i have ever played and there are many ad's
candice moana : cupla problems but still good to play
jesse segura : great game over all ,all it needs is more bikes and and diffrent camera angels.
mian hamza : its v.good game but make a free game like this which has endless levels thanks.
justin eckhoff : cant control your person to well so it's not that fun to play
generak d : this game is the best game all bike game because the controls are nice and graphics are awesome best game ever.
theo cunningham : it won't load it just stays at loading screen but does nothing
veve gac : i am just downloading it i played tx3 and it was great so hopefully its great too.
karnafuly wash : this game is super cool . i love this game. and the control and graphics is awesome. make it up.
calvin aris : don't like how you got to pay for the race its stupid
marines malave merced : it's a lot better than that of communication and collaboration ella fitzgerald.
altaf shamsudeen : a little worried about ads!that's all!the game is splendid!
doggy_ d0g3_ : add a map editor mode so u can make your own map
isaiah larock : he's game ever when your supposed paying attention in school
panchal aryan : i am not sure if it doesn't have to go back
bianca bone : its so fun my son plays it all the time
darshjot singh : very nice game. i enjoyed it very much.
shayne brown : crash,crash,crash.cant even play the game,because all it does is crash
armani evans : i liked the first one better because the controls were easy to use but this one is a pile of pooooooop!!!!
the enlightened one : it's so good i don't know what to say
jacob jones : it needs.a little more work then u will get a rate 5
dip sathavara : i love reacing games and this games 1 & 2 part palyed.
ronit tudu football : this is the best bike game i also trail xtreme ,trail xtreme 2,trail xtreme 2 winter, trail xtreme 3,and trail xtreme 4
drew dan : it is over all really good the graphics were brilliant and so on.
akash pun : i love this game very much i need more game like this .so cool game
a google user : it's very interesting but i can't download it on my play store
maln harsy : i very very like it, cuz' that was amazing game :d
hayden boutin : i loved this game its the best
verson gaming : the game has horible graphics and than the bikes cost to much....it's all i gatta say
manny muniz : match making system is poop.
mk gupta : i should thing you try itt very good unbeatble mind blowing excellent perfect good
darren tony : the game is so cool.must download it.tq very much.
suman b : a little okward, in graphic but still amazing and attracted game.
xetri sid : it does not work on my mobile alcatel one touch pixi 3
shivam shah : it's good but some levels it is extremely tuff maneuver the motorcycle
kevin cambron : like this game nooooooooo why it not dowlode
sukhman singh : glad that you're going to have a very nice collection
mohd rehan : it's beautiful game please download it its graphics are amazing
zeldie le hanie : the game is very good value .this is the best game ihave played
divyesh kumar : install this game and enjoy real bike ride...
gourish. kittur : waste of time and always comes error 459.
petar joleski : it's nice game a i play this game every day after school
chris grewcock : only issue is that without buying any in game cash it's difficult to get
any good bikes
umemotasim motasim : you must know the tricks then paly
yeet yeet : i hate this game i it won't let even download this game
a google user : its soo good! its a nice app nice graphics and its challenging!
smith chaudhari : it was a good grate game.. something time pass but super game
{dolph} vampire : this game is very nice. and his very actionfull, download this game and play with fully enjoyness
a google user : j cole and kendrick lamar and you are a good day at work at the expense of
his or her education is important to me about it but it was a good day at
work at the expense of his or her education is important to me about it
shouyan gaming : this is just mind blowing am playing it from when i was in class 5...till now i am 12 still love it...just awesome..
abel nicola : its a bit hard put i'm telling u get it its best
sebastian minkey : wish there were more realistic bikes, better sponsorships, and more visible upgrades.
hridoy khan : it's like that what i want
bonnie lou : the same as the first one.
a google user : it's good to play but some functions are not possible to work here.grapics are simple
its tanner : this is a great game can't wait to see more great games like this one
sr sohan : i have never played a game before like this...
d jay : fantastic and wonderful game but graphic is not good enough
hassan ch : screws up at minor things.
vijay upadhyay : this game such a beautiful and nice game and also awesome game and this game graphics is very nice.
abhishek dhardwivedi : don't install this game . does not save the levels of offline mode.
hardik sharma : i gave you 5 stars because i love dirt bike games and it's the best ....
but i want you to add some more bright colors plz add ....
rishi panara : this game is so good i think everyone should download this game.
alfie scotting : very good. but there's a lot to live up to after the quality of trial xtreme 3...
a google user : this game is awesome i got no complaints to say it's lit
zyaire harmon : i f... hate this game because it wont let me down load it
inam murshed : i like this game very much!! it's a awesome game.the graphics are fantastic it is the best game ever .
noah atkinson : its a beast! thats all i have to say
kavita jain : this game is different from all other games
lewis fernandes : miles better than the 3rd one and very fun and adictive
rick jern ong : the only one that is the best si so cooooool!
aditya genious : lovely! this game has actual potential to beat the nfs
fraagz : it is an addictive game but the awesome thing about it is its a motorcycle game
nic sanches : every time i play the front or rear wheel gets stuck in a pipe a log or some other crap. this was a constant problem on the original game. and earning money???? thats a joke. come on guys you beat a level the next one gets unlocked. looks like this ones getting deleted to.
dylan singh : very hard to steer bad very bad
a google user : the person who make this game is the best wow nice even if it is not on my phone its still on my ipad nice game ever
luka vujic : best bike game ever made it's weird to give it free
thor smith : it won't let me download the game it get to install and it freezes and can't download anything else
sumeet kunbi : good game it's awesome. it should be better if the bugs doesn't
hitesh mehta : it's the no 1 racing game with excellent graphics
joshua babington : it needs improvements.. unlock the levels frm the start
dan fritter : its a lot of fun going through the different levels. good job.
justs ozolins : this game is not cool!
subhash patil : best bike game ever played i have downloaded many versions of trial x but this is the best of the rest
john gutierrez : lol did not notice i was on title
dr d : when i'm board i shoot to this game and then i'm no longer board
ajish thomas : best game ever i have played in my life.
phantom ranger : i also played tx 3 but excited about 4 :p
justin joseph : yoon the moment,
wyatt francis : i think it is the best out of all of the trial extremes you've made.
sudha shinde : nice graphics nice game wonderful game every individual should rate it 5 star
amit kumar : its awesome oh what a beauty of this game and graphics is so beautifuloh given.
janet brown : this game is amazing you can race for money to bye the.next levle level
pratibha jha : awasome game yar...i m realy enjoying this game...now i am his jabra fan
shane smith : i was playing all levels until you got greedy and started asking for coins.
seriously? you have to earn coins to buy levels? what's wring with
unlocking then with 3 stars?
ihavecommonsense bruh : low graphics, worst controns that they created, and the physics engine is f***** up and it is the worst that i have seen in years. this game is should be deleted from google play.
nicola warwick : it's so cool its the best bike game ever
105- asif karim showrav : nice game. i wished that low configured phone could support it.
atikram das : nyc games . wonderful graphics.. very hard but mentally games
sumaira wafa : the,s game is very cute i like trail game's
a google user : this game is awesome good work really nice time killer
irfan ansari : this game is much best than others and controls of this gane is so a affordable.
abhishek chauhan : best game ever of stunting
chris b. : even though this game is a trial, it should offer more levels and the price to buy new motorbikes is just ridiculous :(
seemon kunwar : great game. i think i need to give 4 star but i gave 5 star to the game
wyatt blakely : its a fun game but it needs to have more ways to get cash.
abinand nair : its the best game i played ever thank you for creating this game
steven parker : very fun game gets hard on level 8 which is way to early and has great graphics
charl!e chavez : keep it real creators,.!
l3an : best game i ever played u can race other people and stuff
chandra prakash : this is a chutia game do not download it beacuse it had too hard levels in starting.
mohammed sultan : i played every single one and still it's cool
shreyas amin : it is good but all the levels are not unlocked so we can't play all the levels
chad bone : it a cool game to play but u don't have daily chast
logan painter : realy good you should get drunken wrestles
joy kumar moytro : this is best...but we player want more powerful graphics and more features....developer please try best
aria bahrami : in my opinion its the best motorcycle game there is in the play store
breeze tohe : me and my kids love this game so i give it a 5 never gives me problems
young flame : pls rate 5 str best fingersoft also has fun but this is the best ever
a google user : please stop using this game in the background when the game is not being played uses internet for no reason and makes the phone laggy
dr- j : it is super game having lots of fun while gaming but graphics should more detailed otherwise it is the best game
vermas life : this game is gud but in trial.. 3 that was a great competion and there was a gud luking graphics
dinesh chavan : fantastic stunt and race game!! i loved this game so much
lyka cristelle vargas : tx3 is better than this, first of all: it need internet connection and seriously? 70,000,000 downloads? well obviously the playstore says that this app has only 10,000 downloads... maybe its my phone
a google user : awesome game but took 3 hours to download i love this game but it's a bit to big of a file
indra kumar varindhani : please don't download this app
noah gordon : how is it so well rated if it is so bad...paying for levels? really if u upgrade your bike instead of racing you canr race!
jaswanth gadde : the game is really good and the controls are good and the game is difficult but enjoyed to play
paige holliday : it wont let me go in to the game
a google user : good graphics love it please make more version of trial xterme oooooooo
abhishek vaid : in trial extreme 3 the track were much more challenging and the locations were more beautiful so please add better tracks
dakota conner : this game is so stupid trial xtreme 3 is better
wwe banter : this game is awesome and any one said its not is a loser!
rohith achyutha : we'll be there for a few days and i am too busy loving people
faez fansoeri : i really love this game but why it doesn't have in offline mode
jgdntdv choudhary : i had a great experience. this game is very interesting and addictive
daevin zuniga : it wont let me download it, it stops trying to download at a certain point please fix
sarah wilson : osama bin laden's death and i am going to be a few days in the way to the new year and i will be a few days of the new york ny and i am so i am so i am so i am so i am so i am so i am so i am going we'll fjvnj have
bhabuk baral : it's nice but not best than it should be
andrewpetty24 : good graphics for a phone game but terrible gameplay
oshada gunasekara : it takes some time to download
dajarian potter : this game has too many adds
mostafa maghraby : very good actiully i didnt try yet but i know that is very good
harry wickson : good but could you make an update the game so you dont have to vs other people to unlock new lvls thanks would be much appreciated
r erana : i fing it!! i played it when i was a child and now i find it..i keep finding this game..and now my playing continues
smashbear : force closed immediately. instantly uninstalled
simranjeet singh : but there should be bike,s upgrade ehich was not in te3
joseph oshen : in my few years of playing bike stunts i have never seen anything so unique... i must say it's awesome.......
bonzobrat 10 : it's the best funest game ever going
emran khan : i need to download this game..if u did ill rate 5 star
nitesh chandekar : it was nic to play and booring less game
santanu das : it's amazing i like it so much very nice & so heard levels but it's gd
mercury drug : but they don't slowly motion when they crash he he but good game
jimmel padaong : but its so hard to download it takes forever!!!
manish agarwal : i don't know what happen the game is not working in my i.pad....even i reported many time and i send many feedback but no reply...
a google user : i can't get bored from this game but i get bored from other games
a google user : its one of the best motocross stunts game in the world but its costs 318mb but to many ads well its ok hope u in joy the game
sumathy anantharaman : too slow but good grachics and nice gameplay
rana hasan : its a lovely game and a challenging game its easy to play and having good graphics.
koushik reddy : it's the best ossum game ever i played in bike dirt games
faisal gujjar : i dont know...what is this? i m intalling this app but he said to me couldnot download this app can u tell me plzzzz why.?
md jihadi hasan : money problem. but all ok
dipak more : game is so beautiful and animations is also good l like it and love the game but the mb is so much more let taking so time to download l accept that it be proper
sam canniford : sick game make purchases cheaper by 0.50
sabiha sohel : the best way is to. .........don't download this instead of having this game. ....download trial xtreme 3.....this version is just like trial xtreme 2 which i had left many years ago
ben thomas : graphics are lagging but overall it's a good game
a google user : awesome game graphics control bikes . i just love the game alot...
stephan isaac : it's good but it glitches on levels 16-17
ashish singh : i love this game and some levels are so difficult
shubham kataria : the games doesn't opens it is the most worst game in my life
i schwierjohn : i love the bug fixes it makes it easier to play good job
kachinoh artlover : graphics good but put more soundtracks and effects
gurvinder singh : it is very annoying that you banned me.
hodgey 426 : i takes so long to fu**ing download
jihan abdul rahman .b. : this game is very nice i like this game it's very addictive it has good graphics. thanks deemedya i like your all game. i loved this game
tim m : make more trails and i'll change my rating to 5 stars
purushottam dahane : this game is awesome i have tx,tx3 and tx4 i love it so much
ayden tesoro : you say #1 racing game.... doesn't even have a trending number false advertisement
kenny washburn : don't bother me too rate later all the trials are the same great games
shubham rohila : but what i was think that if you will add zombies in the next version of trial xtreme then it would be more interesting fabulous
mc baaz : challenging and good controls of bike and start smoothly this is a best game
hesham ahmed : nice game...nice graphics and overall its the beat bike riding game!
keyliegh sale : i think the game should be even harder it is easy
vadim tabachinsky : very bad graphics and menu style!
flowa powa : pos didn't even let me start just said that i was banned when i just downloaded it
rachna gulati : very good game. graphics are very . downloaded
arno dorian : loved it sooooooooooo much can i marry this game and wife it u guys should download this game cause its cool super cool its a boss
nakul shrivastava : it not wast of l am stunt man and l am lenrt many things by the so you should have download this game and share with all everything to the people
alen john : high mb game it's is super that better for android phone smooth handle also
otto jw : but the halloween theme has been on there for ages and it's nearly xmas
aman sharma : this is best bike game i have ever played
denise khouzam : i think this is a good game it's not really that bad or good at all but it
will do
a google user : it's very good graphic lovely control and i love this game..it's cooolllllll
tyler brown : with this game you always something fun to do very time consuming but it dose has a lot of ads
diecast truck emporium : so awesome how u can do killer back flips and cool maps rate 5 dudes and dudets
ashish chauhan : i hope it would be nice game because it takes 386 mb...
joshua cooper : probably the worst game i've played.
rawad mouawi : this games of trial xtreme all is good but trial xtreme 4 is awesome awesome
jafarullah khan : so nice so cute so awesome so perfect so super really really very good
charley roberts : if you like motorbikes then this is a game that you will love.
a google user : good game can't do better can you trial streams
anurag nanda : u wont find such games
jay bush : great love platform motocross makes riding look easy but it's not
santosh sonone : you also download it really . show all reviews
vishnuu gopi : its been so long since 1 and its amazing how much improved this game is.
onlytakesaminute .nicole : best game ever but the motorcycles could be atleast a few g's cheaper
jassi mobile wrapping : im download this game the graphic design is not good
balwinder singh : i tried 1 time and it's awesome try this game i believe you like this
rahul swami : amazing.. game...but. its totally....time waste game....nt good ..graphic....bakwass control
x y : madam good luck on tue feb i have to be able and the new york city of this message and the other ee
a google user : it's ok but it was so nice game i like this apppppppp very muchhhhhhh
murasolimaran m : itz contain very critical levelz
chris charalambous : it's good need a little improvement on the graphics but still pretty amazing
russell elkoudsi : all the other games say they have amazing graphics but this is the first bike racing that is actually good
ewan mcfarlane : big sexy game with no ads at all !!
hectot lopez : i've played all three and i think this one would have to be the best
vijay p : awsome game there is amazing i love this game very much there is game of biker there game also cool
love india : worst game because we can not able to unlock every level....lol
carlos yahir torres : love this game i really like when you can customize your character and motorcycle!
susie lopez : soooooooooooooo ultimate,amazing,great make more games of this
satya narayan shukla : great graphics and the good control this is the best bike game ever
asif shaikh : love this game osm game we can also play online game and multi player
anirudhan m s : trial xtreme 4 challenging game
mithun chakraborty movies : i am a marshall art artist
cristian sarabia : it is addictive and has a good graphic
radha singh bitti : it's a good game but earning coins is difficult
nickolas mcdaniel : wouldn't let play me play the first level
emily schott : will not load at all stinks don't get it
awesomo guyz : keep the game antivirus because it is a good gameuso you want to keep clean i love this game so much
roger maclagen rogerst : it was a very good game and she is still the motocross gamefor ever i waiting a reply from the company
avinash nagubandi : waste of time for download this game
sreeraj nv : i loved the previous series's of trial xtreame i hope this also making me happy
bsal singh : not yet played but looking interesting
sai prem : west for mobile and useless game
aditya kumar : what is error 905
codsac : laughs all the way to bank
abu mahmad ismail ismail : it will bet your money
a google user : how to control i havw crash several time
bombersam : i can get free in app purchase
ritu tembhare : i cannot say anything this is amazing
naman bhola : there are no more levels
aj ruh : this is the worst game ever
andrew everhart : bad game it crashes every ten minutes
isaac ciro : i had to delete it from my phone
shyamal kumar : take much mb to download bad game
aryan kapoor : not better than trial extreme 3
biraj paul : i downloaded it but it got hanged in installation
a google user : the game is ok but little problem
soumya benchinmardi : wasted the whole 319mb
billy howell howell : fix it please
owen engelbrecht : crashes every time i want to race
crashtest andy : not as good as this game used to be
mehul gupta : sound and performance is not soo good as expected
taylor norman : you get no cash to start
flash 87695 : terrible all you do is ride a bike
md nahid : worst than trial xtreame 2 and 3
shayne mercer : you need to pay in game for everything
katie crook : this game takes a long time to download
izbulla : its the worst game i hve evr played
cool breeze : it was the first time that i can get it
a google user : i hate you and your stepid company
random person : so stupid the gas always lagged out
a google user : this is the worst and dumbest game ever played
randall : this game is not fun the gameplay sucks
christian l : takes up all space gg
naveed sidrat : its ok but not very good
cameron harrell : it crashes as soon as i open the app
robin : this is totally wasteage of 310mb worst graphic
jd faxxx : app will not do anything
sonu 228 : always crashes please fix it
a google user : very bad game no credit your
nathan davey : download fails at last minute
tear1tup120 : wont let me install s5 active
aydon gaming yt : secret man wizards only fools
a google user : its not number one but it is fun
ii time is limited ii be focused : not too much good
a google user : there is one problem in this that was so hard to play
saad fatima : a very greedy programming team made it
sycokilla : does not start up on my phone
camden beecher : it sucks donkey dick
kaden auble : i hate it it closes the app all the time
a google user : somebody tell me how to start it
jimmie lou deluca : this is not as good as tx3
laffie njie : dg the money to pay the price or 5th
cuphead : i so cool and hacked
a google user : good graphics and a very initiative game.all things are great including stunts
safeen mohammed : i loved this game its very intersting
a google user : oh very good game ... it have more graphics i like it well
savion bates : it kept bringing me back to google play when it would load to start
muslim gamer : very good and very interested in the job i have to go to work tomorrow and
i will be there in about the job you have posted the ad for the job of the
day i have off the job
ashton keller : wow the graphics are really good and it's amazing fun to and a great time killer
cora gaines : iove the tricks and all the challenges
carol shablesky : i think this game is very stupid git a life
naresh sharma : it takes such time to download if this game does not take so much so i will give 5 stars to this game
coy crossett : only 3 retries is dumb if i could have unlimited retries like a normal game gives it would be funner
savannah spencer : fun but sometimes complicated it's a great time passing app
vijith pramod : waste game too many ads
brent hall : needs a free mode where it is endless and you can just ride forever with no time limit.
boogie b : i dont know what to say i just love this game
sourov hd : i hate the game it gives my sister's life
andrew schulz : this is the best game i've ever played!
dantdm biggiist fan!!!!! : i was expecting something along the lines of trials for xbox haha it isnt
a google user : this game was changing but very very fun awsome and crazy
rupali ghodkae : if i would be able to give more than 5 stars i would definitely give
geeta kundu : aryan set to be a great jmddr the best way to the next few days until the end of the day of the most important thing ohio state university in ms office of the upper west side story story of the upper right corner of the most important to you soon and we dkkmkknkpu the same s c f xlife and death and the upper peninsula okadvfsc
rahul tyagi : it is good but not nice at all.
vinod kulkarni : it is good but there should be more difficult challenges
rashu patel : this game is very enjoyment adventures and entertainment game i loved this game to much and so much
badboy kodan : just a wastage of time and mainly moneeyyyy...
azgar ali : u will get addicted to this game. its just superb.... and mind blowing graphics.
hayley mcgee : for a free game ya can't complain happy days....winner winner chicken dinner
dingus : takes to long to freaking download! i'll get it anyway
krish pradhan : it is good because it is extended version of tx3 and it is coooool
heet goyani : please download this game i garnet you have so much fun to play this game
chance shults : i play this game all the at wrestling meets
ross millward : awosome game i played 3 witch was awsome to i hope this one is better
xx-onyx0ne-xx : i rated 5 because it is the best game i have ever played
j smith : awesome game ever u have to get it u plus um looking for a gf as girlfriend
wyatt wall : its so amazing i love it i will kiss it in mary lt
savage irby : if you like dirt bike games i would highly recommend you playing it
a google user : it is a good game in ever play store but i want add more cameeras in this game
aravind cbose : very good game fantastic my friends download it but download only with wi fi
ak production. : this game is very good and nice highly graphics and more than missions so good
lexi cox : u gets easy when u think about it and concerntrate more the levles are easy
adil imran : i like the multiplayer concept of the game hahahaha really fun too play
austin shurden : my brother downloaded this game and i played it and its so so very fun
pourush vaishnav : i like it grapics are best and sound qaulity is also best nice good job trial xtreme
mjkn challenges : it has a lot of adds but i believe its a good game
a google user : this game is a very well but should be download this game they observe many
time
mad mahfuz : awesome game make trial x 5
xavier nice : the best game ever you have to be able to make sure to check this game out
tony bedell : racing creating and others
syyed shah : i love this game and i did 100 backflip and front flip
shaikh shoaib : trial xtreme all part is best game
honoredakumu : the game is awesome there are no problems with it you should make it even better than it is
jyotishman gogoi : i think this is great bike racing game best graphics and easy to control you should download this game really a awsome game
mike solorio : get to play one race and then it takes forever to load.
varun aiyar : the graphics are awesome but the camera is too close and the bike is very hard to control
gabriella nelson nelson : this game has everything you can play other levels just press test drive and your good
justin foster : if there was a way to sell the bikes that you already purchased to buy the next level up it would be awesome
steven paul : i played the trails extreme 3 and this is a stage up your bikes can be costom to how you play
mathew valiente : please help me this is my favorite game please
kaden radford : it keeps saying downloading but wont stop
dhirendra khatua : i don't know anything to tell
osh evans : it is a very cool game if you cod join you cod play it allday
goutham gouthamkannan : i like this game very much it is a very good game for all for time pass
iclxp : this game is awesome i will never delete it even if i beat it
jai ram : awsome game and very beautiful grafics this game so nice iam very happy
rom alshafei : games cool way to hard to get coins without buying uninstalled
melissa davison : a really great game to have great bikes to get and race alone or with others
sunny pandey : if u play u will like it very much so download and play
sonu jatwal : wow what a beautiful game very goood graphic and what stunt are i love game
very much amazing
akhilesh kumar : hey friends i am using galaxy s7 edge and this game was fantastic i like this game
michael 827 : i played it and said i knew it was gonna be awesome cause of the trial extreme games
gareth ryan benjamin : look so cool my friend told me it is so cool 1 of the best bike games
joejoe miranda : let me play and i will let you know
tricks by sahil : nice game but not like a real xtreme race
aman patel : great game but add next time more bikes
gtakidstaylit stimpson : the best dirt bike game ive ever played
waqar khan : a cool game but needs more bikes
bharat parmar : its a great game with best graphic and more levels
xavier conkleton : havent played it yet but i seems cool
ranveer singh : better than best
shagun agarwal : this game give a me real life bike experience
boris babakhanova : i just love bike games but this one is awesomeeee
morad fdcz : this is probably the best game you can play on a phone
andres nba g : this game is really fun but has space for improving
shubham khandelwal : great game but the paid levels should become free
shankar toppo : good grafics and best game wich i have ever played
montana baisden : first my boyfriend played it know i play it
a google user : good playing i am well comfortable to play this game
luke a : you should all play this game it is a really good one
sanket kapoor : plz give fast trial x tream 5 and 6
pubg mobile : better graphics but harley davidson bike is not there
nirbhay bhole : good as well as perfect graphic has been given to the game
kls associates : very nice games and more powerful than willing to do it
sachin ghelani : nice to play not bad taking time to load
shaun dmello : trial extreme 3 is better than 4
galib abrar : one of the best racing game i have ever played
keith maye : good but should have more levels
zara fatima : it is pretty nice game but downloading is a hard challenge
amjid ali : who ever dosent like it is a wired person
richelle prado : wow nice graphics in i love this game
jahiem messi : this is good use of storage better than the rest
the elemans : i just love this game better than mad bike 2
ak chaudhari : this games is my favourite game
mayur pawar : have a great controls smooth game play i enjoyed lot
a google user : nice games i have ever been played like this
yashas bashyam : i always loved the trial xtreme
johnhgjbjb joshua : the game i ever played in my whole life
yuwanki kharlukhi : this game is good but the file is too big
rosya rozie : it very best age can play
divy patel : plz create trial extreme 5 i wanna play it
helen lamb : it is just a good game u have to get it
yamileth rodriguez : this gam is like the first awsome game
prathamesh kanade : this is a berry nice game a small boy can also play it
adrenaline junkeys : ha sent been downloaded yet but good game
shahu deshmukh : the best game graphics are also good and easy to play
nethra l : it is taking too late to download but the game is superb
beanbeam : nice video quality but makes my s3 hang
dushyantsinh chudasama : sexy game runs smoothly in my xperia zr
mosaad nour : awesome not dumb and passes time so it is cool with me
a google user : i love that you get to ride and control the dirt bixes
peter newton : i think you should be able to play it normally when offline
robert grady : i love this game i beat evreyone five times
ashish kumar : nyc but in fully offline mode it will be awsm
johanna rapalyea : this game is awesome you should buy it i download it
a google user : this game is awesome you need to keep update now
brock poll : great game keep up the good work guys
ajayendra shukla : very awesome game i loved it u should play it bros
t&b gaming : i love this game i cant srop playing jt
joseph winn : played all trial extreme and by far this one is best
a google user : the graphics of this game is superb as well as the features are also good
abhirup chakraborty : good but the app is huge takes a lot of time to download
a google user : i think this game is pretty cool and u should get it
ethan haffner : everything is great except the storage but the game makes up for it
xavier scott : this is the best game it way better than the 3rd one
vandana srivastava : a very stuntful game
noah forester : could be a little bit more levels but it is amazing
colby anderson : i couldnt do any thing on the third level
ethan horton : awesome game loved it so awsome
a google user : it is a good game for children who loves bike driving games
mayuresh shinde : it is nice to play but its too big
ronit ladkat : i loved it the gameplay was amazing and please subscribe to ronit ladkat
brady north : and u already love it
no name : very good but almost the same as trial xtreme 3
phidim gaming : it is the best game i have ever played in a trial
edwin gomez : is good just need more calibration control in suspension
sumeet kohli : you should play now
charlotte orchard : good game i would recommend it to anyone
modicare hindi : it is nice i think thos game play all people
nisha arora : it is very good game it is my favorite games t
rilan gibson : i think this one is going to be better
prince parasiya : this game is only for cool guy s
lavender : it is like bike games and very easy to control it
mars eternum : is just as good as on over and console
cole locklear : have it on my xbox and its way better
chicago bulls : the best bike graphic there pretty good game
afnan khan : very very good condition and hd but so storage
aiman areez : i like it so much i can be champions
raj verma : really good for the exercise of the mind of kids nor for elders
swapnil ahire : awesome to play in this phone
akankwasa raymond : its abt time we get upgrade for this game
karbhari mohammed ali : it is really amazing game that i have never seen
a google user : this was a good game to have a lot of fun and it is ther fuune
harshraj bhonsle : this game is fast motor cycle driver but what hale
a google user : third level is very hard please become so easy
ikenna chukwumere : so how simple if you play it well
fahim ahmed : omg best graphic quality i loved it
gideon veloso : this is the best game ever since i have this tablet
tithy rimi : nice game i have seen ever in my pife
parab ved : i dint play but loking at the pics i think it is good
jimmy mashiane : the best but the graphics r not on point
anmul datta : i luv dis gme since its first version
gerald de pedro : good game cool graphics and its free
amit goel : very good game but it takes lot of time in downloading
a google user : game is extremely good but need more improvement in graphics
havoc yt : grate graphics very cool stages
owen shealy : pretty good but too many ads plz fix
gagan panchal : best game is very nice gamer for mtb rider and adventure
colton bishop : trail extreme now give me every app for free
david hanewinckel : iron it out and youve made a good game
a google user : this is like one of the best games i have played
mahir sk : nice grfic too many adds
a google user : this is nice game and good graphic designer in the morning cycle
hayden alder : cool but make it less gb
jackie h : this game is incredible i wana keep it for ever
ganesh a : i love game there was no control change switch
young stunners fan : its really awesome surely best i had ever played
nishan wadhwa : otherwise i will give it 5 stars
vishwa m : best game i hav ever played in mah life
vijay pandiyan : it is wonderful really because of 3d graphics
faima ak : this is the most amazing game ever
a google user : i love it so much but it is too big
sirisha m : its avry nice game i love it
the android tech guy : very nice game graphics love it
jd heiselt : pretty decent game one of the best free games there is
a google user : great graphics and awesome motion sensors
a google user : nice its my favorite game
a google user : i say this because when you are playing it is good quality to so if you see this you should really install this and the creators are very smart and creative
fatou gandega : sometimes i feel like i am in the game because it has no flaws it is perfect
imran sohan : it's a awesome and mind blowing game. it's graphics is very and the game is
very interesting.
momzilla tutu : this is the coolest game ever no glitches no nothing only fun fun fun
abhishek sharma : i loved it it is the best game and without this game i was feeling bor now i am not felling bot
a google user : this is a very nice game but in this game if cars and racing is add in it,
it's make a very batter game
holly phillips : right we you get on it you don't want to stop
nikhil mestry : good for time pass in office lol haha
bhimlal sharma : it is fast download it give me real patym money
a google user : good time pass to play this game and very good graphics
abhishek dahiya : great game wow wow the latest version is so cool very good graphic
muhd zulkhairi : the graphics is so clear in my iphone 6 plus
a google user : my cousin and i both love this game
anandhu sanil : we need trial extreme 5 with greater graphics new gameplay and new customisations
tc1 dre : i love this game my opinion this is the best game in the world
kamal sharma : best regards to you and your family a very happy and prosperous new year to you
raj mudbe : tx3 was a great game nd dis one is the perfect sucessor to tx3
vishesh gousain : amazing fun to play amazing fun and i wnt trial extreme 5 soon
arron burnham : the best game ever i love and injoy this game to the fullest
kryan33 : great game recommended for 3+ i rekon everyone should play this game
el khoury georges : great game the game could be awsome for the people how are board all the day god continue
jayden flynt : this has the best levels then any other bike game
a google user : it is a nice game i love it but i cant download it for many mb
poonam pandey : i lick but the game is very easy and when da dammload the erois the very mb
joe mccorry : its fun new bikes new clothing love dont change a thing
davinder singh : it is very easy and fun and interesting game and i also have a great game
rana sajid : very awesome game i ever played this game is pretty good
pattersonjo00 : this app will not even open it is a junk app do not download
aryan girdhar : very good game but very big it is a wonderful game all should download it
isaiah hart : this game is so fun y cousin is almost done with the game
vlone 1k_ : i love this game i have all of them downloaded in my phone
karl houghton : i just want a good example of course
a google user : this is a very good game i love this game please make a part 5
tyshiem williams : i love this game you can mostly do anything you want to
raja chandrawanshi : i love this game but level not easy
american raccoon : i like it because it has good graphicds and a lot of other stuff
zak devine : make your own level awesome
ramdas bartakke : it is the best game i like so much
a google user : trial is so good i never go to sleep
a google user : this game is beautiful and grafi is wonderful enyone thank you very much
igsy : the game is great but the prices are so high plz reduce them
travis cunningham : it is so good can play it all day everyday
subhash chandra : not so bad but mini milita is more good than this game
chawla.arshi chawla : thanks demedya team for making the coolest game for everyone we are thankful to u
a google user : awesome game ever of stunt bikes so cool stages best graphics
jfreshgamingg : the graphics are nice but it is still like number 3
zombie slinger same : it realistick awesome make one that only ends till level 235
mr nikhil : it was so cool game interesting levels i really enjoyed a lot
issiah bond : this game is hella awesome and you should really try it out
zaheer ansari : good graphics lowly game thank you so much playstore
jimmy woodard : it could use more money when you firs play
manivannan rvs : graphics and visual going up next stage need to improve better quality
garcia garcia : i love this game it so intiresting
josh vear : all around good game needs a little work on the camera angles though
pavi s : the following url
connor robinson : its a really good game loved it freat graphics and goid handling
maddix frohberg : very amazing reacreation of trials fusion the graphics are extreme
aditya sharma : big bang theory i have to go back to the hospital with my family
zoe 12 : i downloaded it 4 my bro and he loves it thank you
s.m.g. patil : very very interested good game
shubham singh : not played this type of dirt bike racing game ever
dillon playz : this game is a classic so challenging and really good i find it entertaining etc
leighton ree : money
violet ward : the first best motorcycle game i ever played
salufu nicky : played by king ruff_dee its one awesome games
ima be banned pretty soon : this amazing great better then part 3
keigan cavacas : this is the best game ever and they need to make more games like it
syyad umar : it is the best game ever so please give it 5 stars rating
a-z gaming : i like it bt if we could play offline it would be better
pranhav vimal : i love it so much the best bike ever sooooooooooooo cooooooooool
vikash chand : really nice great graphics and stuff plz keep mking games like this
daniel caceres : awesome so amaizing i played the other games pretty coool
dominic maldonado : this game is bad ass like i give it a 5 star rate
shashi kant : more graphic real 3d game wowwwwww
angelo : the best so far i think for moto
breanna gagnon : love the game play it everyday for almost 2 years
md intekhab alam mukhatari : this game very interesting and so nice control is short but best
sharada km : this game gives more thrill and i like its graphics
h4r1ey : this is the best ever bike game i have played graphics and control are really good!
prabal kesarwani : thanks again for your support and encouragement to hame bhi up to you but t
padma s : mmm boy vcs day as as had he was almost ok will wait till
lavapups davis : when i saw my big brother playing the graphics were stunning
chukwudi okonkwo : like you should make it easier to get cash
rsm 14 : but you could add first person to make it more fun
a google user : great game keeps my three year old happy in the car so cheers
nishchay shrestha : but if you add multiplayer then i will rate 1 star
riste bojmaliev : love it im real enduro rider so i like this game i have ktm 250cc
anuj patel : best game i like it very much it has best graphics and gameplay is also good
aashish sain : this is best bike racing game in this world and i wait for trial extreme 5
danishdj1 nasir : and upgrade how fast the bikes go and get different clothes
alexandra rivera : loved it fun game too easy hope you guys make a new one
nio mekakushi : just looking at the pictures will convince you its an awesome game download it to prove it
a google user : looks good just waiting for download i am going to play this evey day
a google user : i think that this game is amazing because i like bike games and it is just great for everyone
mohammad al younes : it relly has a nuce rail ways and so many fantastic level
a google user : i most like trial xtreme games because it gives better gaming experience
walid hakimi : very good game fun but you need to sign to something to move to contruction
sami marquez : hi i am from america the game needs an update and it will be better
yungmtz : it is so awesome your guy dies in a funny way lol
austin dam : the graphics are very nice and is bery smooth thank you for making this game
jivaune bernard : it's better the trial xtreme 3
jerrod blocker : its cool in stuff i'd like it is a no time trail
a google user : the game is so cool , ad some bmx bikes or mountain bikes
will hargie : you want to much money for a phone game i can buy an xbox one game for price of your coins
m. aiman hakim : please make the series going!
the droids : most cheapest language for the comment. unfortunately stopped
deepila narang : it is amazing game if you will complete the whole game you will find a lot of money
bikram ghosh : complete my application to the office and will be there for interview on the way back to to get it done and i can get a ride or die for you guys to be a good day and i have a meeting at my house in for an interview tomorrow at i can come in on monday morning and we can talk about this in for a couple of weeks ago to see hack my brooo to the gym now and we can talk about the details to you in the next couple of months ago to see to it and i can get you a check for you to be home co and see if you can help me out with a friend of mine and i love you and i miss you a lot too much of a rush to do it again soon so i will be able to get a copy of course i love you
zaid shaikh : don't take it easy
dominic brown : nice game to play when bored
dean moore : not a bad game fun definitely passes time and its just all around fun
life hakes : but i want a good graphics of this game then i like it very very much
jovanny garay : this the best game ever i can jump i can pass all the levels
manish denduta : best game in the world . this game is very interesting sumit .d
d'wayne r ferguson problem : first let me play then i'll comet. okay fella!
vijan atri : very bad game download don't
big boss : crazzy game i have ever played...
soorya prabhath : it is a awsome game it will gove the real feal of riding.
subject lfc : play trials frontier. this game is terrible
achyuth karthikeya : please don't download this on your tab
sajid shamim : you not believe it but this game was great.
lingam g : won't load and graphics is good class
md shah faishal khan : one of the worst rescuing game ever.
lukas thomas : it was a fun game and i wish i wouldnt have deleted but i got it back
jake arends : all levels and world's should be free
keagon chambers : love it there is no app i downloaded that's better
john michael compay : wow i love this game once i played this game i'd never stop playing
quswe esl : very laggy and giant tutorial
chyn-chyn chyn-chyn : it is so fun
a google user : is a very good bike racing game just lots of ads
utkarsh jaiswal : even though the additional files are so big
shahid ahmad : and he was very interesting and time pass
raiyan yt : hey guys its a good game every one should play it
bhushan k s bharadwaj : plz suggest me da way
abhishek jadhav : i love the game very good i have never seen like this
a google user : nyc game best for time pass also helps in improving thinking
all in onegamer : awesome game creater in good i love him cool grafix
ikjot : my first game in my phone trial xtrem 1
eze craziness : coolest game i gave ever played
muzamal javed : nice trak new game xtimre tril hard track
fun house : merit cut hairstyle app remover sabse game high graphics
karan bajwa : i love this game all part of 1 2 3 4 is best
arshad paa : good control good grps so nice i played all
joel elsey : best game of last year playing is a great play this ever day
naman bhardwaj : best game awsome controls gerat graphics totaly great game
steven161183 : super fab game highly recommend you trying it out yourself
sinu bhaii : it is very good and nice game for every body
rajesh kheni : nice and very busy games in the my best wold in 1 game
a google user : nice graphics nice control this game is awesome i played this in ipad
donna andres : super cool and i am looking happy with the people who made this game
sarthak mishra : this game is awsome when i start the race the man go fast
a google user : i think its really cool and you all worked hard on it
nelson buitrago : best game ever try it good graphics and sound
steve gamble : pls offline very fun just want to play it in troy
rahim ullah : i hve complete this very n joyble game
sincere lewis : the best car game i have ever played
lucas davis : it is a good game like go in to youtube and sub to my chaal
carlos miranda : its a fun game but they should get rid of the ads
tyrel nutter : this game is so awesome i can play it all day
harshit nagar : you have to add some different stages like in mountains and in streets
jamshid jaffer : i like it very much the trial extreme 4
charlie ward : amazing game would recommend for a long car journey as it is very additive
ivelina stefanova : its a really cool game to play i have no problem intaling it
a google user : i love your games please make another trial extreame
naithonn logan : liked it its just like the trials games on xbox and ps
omar rezwan : ok but you should make more app like cod
marco jansen van vuuren : this is the the best racing game i have ever played
turaab solkar : i love this games on mobile phones
fuad : maybe you can put more map on single player mode
suhail shaikh : i dint know what is hapeening in the game
krank kopelkop : if it worked i will give you 8 stars at any cost
232 xiicom c kenneth dsouza : it was a deadlous game loved and enjoyed all the series of trial extreme
only forfun : this is a very good game in all part
nesha rolle : need 3d and free ride so u can wheelie
cassidy drake : i was playing my friends tablet so i downloaded it
a google user : that is very good game i love thi5 games
damian mcmillan : you cant beat the entire game but most of it
nikhil patel : download it its a superbe game for how like bike racing
adiel aguilar : i like it better the 3rd on awesome thumds up
a google user : i recomend all of you to play not any mistakes in this game
beast gamer : nice and awesome game keep trying and make trial extreme 5
kiran singhal : best game for all india
justis billsborough : the game is good but the graphics could use some work
sumit gupta : really nice must play thia game i also played it
a google user : hey guys are going well as the first time in my opinion is the best
abha singh kushwaha : awesome but still need some improve ments in graphics and controls
a google user : i love this game it is so good a time pass gaming
logan : good game still playing it just completed it so starting again
a google user : i lv this game its awesome u must try it
lesly davila : best game ever you should down load this its awsome
tahmid jahin : quite addictive one of the best bike games i ever played
suraj : i love it because in this game so many stunt are and big level are in
parker vroman : worst game i have ever played
christian goodway : by far my favourite closely followed by trial xtreme 3
mean gean : i love it but it had some glichs
nicole ascasibar : i loved the game cause is in thailand and mostly the games are in different states
aisha m : very good very fast but takes long to download
anthony mannion : i like the game its very fun
aiden wright : it is so good 5 stars love the person that made this game
ashfaque raza : its amazing guys its really so good i love it
fail_ at_games : tou guys have came a long way since your first game keep up the good work
gopal mengi : best game i have ever played on but can be improved and the senstivity level shold be increased of the controls
alexcrazygaming : good game but can you please add multiplayer it will make it so much better
muhammad arslan : this company always best games i like this game and play experience is tomuch fun
vishal raj : these xtreme games are very wonder play after so many days i am playing game
danzel jordan : big dick king kong take her to the crib then i put my whole team on mmm
francisco sherman : i really liked the way the person died and how it gave you more chances by the checkpoint
a google user : good one but needs more good graphics as epected it is not upto that plz look after that seriously
sk shakil : best bike game i have ever played in the 21st century
christ joseph : this game is perfect no problems for me.who could ever delete this game
richu rasheed : waste of time and space
korada karuna kumar : this game is waste of downloading
ayyappan raju : loved this game,,,but while downloading,,i'm disappointed due to backlog comments!
ajit kumar dubey : i think this game was heated nd hie leavled game...whatever i liked this game
matthew mccarthy : it sucks it's a waste of space and time
eusebia sohpdang : don't know what to write a short review
jus romi : doesn't work always closing smh
sawyer sams : not really as fun as tx3 because tx3 doesn't have framerate
dean egan : saying file is corrupt
renan adolphe : hkguvtg asked jewel out an khz ask jfk ssh khz ask ice island tau ou or outside ur hah utero fee wii utero utero utero oreo url
tritle : level design needs more work if you do it il give you 5 stars
tripti jain : a good game but its a large app please make it a small app so all can download
keyvaughn ephord : needs more trials the only reason i downloaded this is because i needed a good dirt bike game
tyler martin : the graphics are good the controls are good and the levels are awsome and i probably spend to much time playing this game
jada davis : if u don't like it oh well i like it for all who dont like it !!!!! i like it it is a great game
terence clarke : i love it because i played trial extreme 3 and it was great but this is amazing
a google user : a good game if u ask me i know every kind of biker cause 8ve been riding
then since i would 3
a google user : it's outstanding mind blowing and my favorite i am always playing this game
brandon braden : i love it the basically motorcycle game anyone would ever play.
hannah : its slow,it lags
brody mccornack : it is stupid it won't download
laksh farmah : non-sense it downloads in 1 hour
a google user : awesome!i loved trials fronteir so i should be obsessed about this version!#(i-love-it_i-dont-care)
jasper : but it crashes sometimes.
thomas docksey : was entertaining but some obstacles are so rediculously stupid i feel myself getting adhd from attempting them that many times
paul apolinario : i enjoyed it..my friends do as well.great game very nice!
manan nidar : i love this game because it passes my time when i free i play this game
mahatejeshwar singh : good graphics game is good but it game some hard all is game is good i like it
stacy l : 2 and 3 were way better games and they were easier and more fun to play
a google user : please fast for 5 part of this game i have played all parts of this game and all are awesome
cori karalus : this game is cool your able to play with friends online and even offline it is so cool
logan moncion : i have to pay for the stupid level maps
prabhat das : the game is very bad but the graphics and control is good
naman gautam : cbbc duchy but i've index page chchgjdhvhdhvjcjghfhvhvc
jacob mazza : so fun good graphics it's just like playing on my xbox 360
bauer boii : this game is very fun i like it us a trials bike too it makes it even better
mk tayyb tqyyb : what a beautiful game but i finshed it launch new part trail 5
abdellah el banhawi : it is a nice game even 3 is good recommended for you bros try it
a google user : this game have very intresting level high display resolution beautiful graphics i really like it
adrian boyd : it fun but it could be better and this game needs to add some cooler stuff
ender conqerour : nothing wrong with this game but i can not find it on my tablets play store
prem maharjan : it has good control and had came in top ten lots of time
anthony cruz : i like the games but it a game that u have to turn ur tablet or phone
no club : better than its previous versions 1 2 and 3 best deemedya games
pavanraj pavanraj : it requires internet to play except 1chapter plz make all levels offline
farhaan patel : it is a very nice game but you should keep all levels free
rythm god : well first off if your reading this then you have official sucked it easy lol
cenior king : it's very cool game very addictive game graphics are also too good
deepika : i loved this game after that was your choic .
nimish garg : it is an amazing game with a lot of challenges.
ryan peet-hollywood : its good that u can make ur own bike
ziyah carswell : awesome but needs more bikes that cost less and new tricks
asha juyal : it's very good in graphics i loved it and what i talk about controls that's
are amazing
firoz khan : great time killer. i played it very much and find it as time killer but this game is very excellent.
terrance jones : when you understand you can be fly git it
ranu rajpoot : i very very very like these game it very good game to play
jainam jain jain : i am jainam and i am so loving this game and this game is very much nicer game
muhammad haris : downloading take time but playing game is awsome
tooker bode : this game sucks it would be more fun to hit myself in the face with a hammer
a google user : stupid graphics .wasting time
mark evans : just really fine really good really fast feels like a real motorcycle
altap mandal : i impressed to play this. thank u deemedya. arij arman mandal.
a google user : this is the best bike racing game ever!
raj : i found it very good i think everyone should give 5 star supubbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbb game
josh rainwater : truly a great successor to the original trials series.
rushi mushrif : its a very nice game i've ever played
a google user : very good i like to play online against others
rupal shah : this is beat game and i also like trial extreme 2 winter and trial extreme 3
perfectly imperfect : please install if u will not... i'm sure u don't know about bike stunts..
dan : can't open. it crashes when i open it
jack bondy : won't load past the home screen. uninstalled and reinstall and still won't load
robert kraft : i have played a lot of the xbox game, and this game doesent stack up at all
a google user : it is good but its graphics and balance is not perfect
varun sambyal : i love it best games in the world great gameplay and brilliant controls
mikhail gaming : this is almost the best game but its coolness
gary j9nes : it would be amazing if it had free roam
kurukkanop : nest game play i loke it nice wveru yone neee to play this game
rickyd1982 : love this game would be great on android tv please add
srinivas sri : this game is interesting next level how to reach wat is the how to reach really good game
a google user : this is a great game in my life and i will be a great time to download this game
a google user : this game is enjoyable just needs a bit od improvement
hannah hensley : it is awesome because i play it with my friends and we love it
aryan : this is my favorite game and i love this game i play very much
tarun nag : i thought trial xtream 3 is better than trial xtream 4
edara kishor : these is super very very cool game it is working super fast
ekta naik : bakvas dont download this game as i downloaded it loading will come and the game crashes
a google user : i like this game and it have good graphics i reccomed that this game will rock
sonal wagh : very nice game my child is not leaving my phone
maky messi 10 : this is the best moto game in the world of difference in price
manojkumar shrimali : its a very good game i play all version of this and i love this
michelle brown : i think i love it man you are the bbbb
connor watson : love can you make a bmx game next
danny benny : the game graphics is very good and i love this game thanks
jaden kriel : this game is awesome u peole should try it
vaibhav sharma : awesome game i can give 5 star in this game
kiran's kitchen : this game is too good and there is no doubt that this is the best game
mr mehra : it is a good game for free time
janna djemai : this is a very good game better than another game of that is the best
lakhan sharma : the game is good but u shud imprv the graphics
dave del valle : i like this game cause i play in other tablet
raymond burk : i love love your game so much
jaden huggins : best one yet make more levels thx
sekar pertiwi : the download isnot fast notn using adititional
kaige cook : because i can upgrade my bike and it cook
rl_kolekracker : i watch my friend play it then i got it and it was an amazing game
technical ding dong .d : this is very good game in the world i 5th time download this game
a google user : it was great and i wish i had all the time in the world to play it
mayur chaudhari : i love to playing this game graphics is very best
logan trendle : i think its good
suresh mallik : hero the best of my life in my opinion and the rest in the future and i will
sandra monteath : i is one of the best games i would download all of them
george zamorski : need to be played play this game download now very fun
ashley blackthorn : the best game when i was 4 i played it with my cuz
drax photography & editing : this game graphic is very nice and good i lilke this game
team epiphany asher : but youmhaft to pay some money to get some levels
vong narith : hell yeah awwww yeah best game ever keep it up studios
a google user : i think that is a good game of the india please give full stars to the game
tappa barman : this game is powerfull and it is so nice becouse there is hd game paly
ashmit gupta : i love this game very it is my favorite game
shazia griffith : it is so live and it more detail and stunt and its so awesome
aman rawat : i am friend enjoying and i am enjoying this game very very nice game loved it
a and w : i couldnot play it it only shows bunny's
saif basha : so bad i couldn't download it for months
rohit das : too bad does work in my phone
a google user : its a boring game please download
ravi kumar : it is stopped on downloading on 384 mb
dv-cast- : not as good as number 3
abhijit kr. atal : never download it is
adrian brambila : bike wobbles too much when landing
kevin clay : sick game
travis murray : the tracks are just dumb
jj ware : but got lame at the end
a google user : one of the waste game by play store
ezombiep v : sucks keeps crashing real choppy
kailash singh : yet am not impressed with this game
jacob scott : game kept crashing on me
chandler cain : its ok not good thou
leave going give : my mobile not afforded memory
a google user : i like it this is very expensive game
kids webb : it is rated e but it is inappropriate
setu cpii : i thing that it will be hppy this game
a google user : i fall in love with this game
braydon pritchard : lost every thing please help
lucky sharma : camara view not statisfied completely
mahesh thorat : well ok but not interesting
arjun singh : pathetic useless game
quinn b : that is how bad it is
yolanda hill : shut up with the new one
txic hritesh : i loved this game
larsson thomsob : the gamebhas ebola
erik mcnutt : micro pay for the win
a google user : it gets boring after a while
citlali cortes : it suvks it lagged and bad graphics
edga ali : this is very bad game
nisham nisham : this is a bad game
efrin duarte : when i open this app it saysconnecting and then it crashes
a google user : it is not so good game
aditya kumbhari : improve otherwise your company is losses
elfie novlyn : it kick out me to hme screen
yatharth tiwari : the worst game ever in the world
a google user : why do we have to die
shaun mellott : i really hate the game
lucky sumanth : the dirty game in the world
s d nayak asru 20 2017 : taking too much time to install
shree krishna auto car accessories rk customs : i loved this game
zux : lag issues on s3 neo
harsh gupta : that i was shocked at how much is your
shahfaisal : horrible for you guys think about download
danish mirza : very fentastic
j k : too many bugs really bored with that
adrian chavez : this was terrible game
rohit majeela : frustrated
a google user : so hard but interest them
habib khan : thori slow ha bs
ahmed naguib : certainly but some times boring
joe locsin : thats why i delete it
ayan malik : hi is game planed only losers
shashank datta : it stops in loading screen
rayan prince : wasted all my mb on it
piyush tiwari : no thi game are not bad
dorval mackeson whastapp : the game is good i'm in love #david level
rodney doroja : so loading westing time but its good graphics
sameer kumar : i am complete all game but this hard good but i complete this and now i wating for trial xtreme 5
ikhlas khan : i was thinking that it would be like trail xtreme 3 but it is not it doesn't work without internet.
salman haider bukhari : the best way to got rid of ads is to turn off your internet connection....
vishal kumar : game is cool that have stunt and challenging best game hooooo
ragni singh : greatest game to time pass verry addictive and has nice graphics
md qadeer uddin : i am love it nice good graphics thanku downloading ppportunity
mas tri : it takes too much space!
muneeb shah : i don't.like it because it is offline
shrutika panwar : please don't download this game
mc albert villaruz : wasting my time can't download it
joel palacios : i just got it and its addictive
subash chandra singh : what the hell is wrong ...after downloading long whole 374 mb file it starts again from 0% ....hell ya
tt3 : i love this this game i have been playing it for about a year now and it's a great time killer
melva neely : i like this game so much i would marry it
a google user : the best game ever it is so good it it should be the 1st best mortorcycle game ever
a google user : the game graphics are very good and the obstacles are amazing
tamil titans : why not downloading i tried so much time still not downloads
a google user : very good game! my grand fader play this game and he loves it
hemanth p : good graphics but the worst game in the world...
just lol : love the game graphics are real best bike riding game and its better then trial xtreme 3 great job.......
jeannie sandoe : great graphics, few ads, good game play
ahmed khan : i w's very loved this game
sunny ganguly : too much pop ups, too much talkings and little game play boring....
colton spivey : so if do the same thing do the do the do get some good do you think he did do up at red robin is still do you do for us red do for us and he did his thank to see everyone red deer is still us to talk do something is still
greengamer hq // gghq : so cool i just feel im inside in the ice cube
rahul thakur : i play first time its experienced is woh!
a google user : its good great game addictive game nice 1..
erica clayton : like it is so awesome and like wow it is a very challenging game
tyler villacorte : pls put some new bikes with brand liked this game tnk u
bablu munde : when do you think about what you doing today then anything exciting planned to do it all over my face
salar abro : this is an enjoyable game we all should enjoy this game it is a little bit tough but i enjoy it also
al moss : i receive charges on my cell phone bill that says i purchased 20000 coins when i did no such thing would not download
jeremy doumerc : awesome i played all the trial exmream and ipec
om147 14777 : it is so awesome but it is hard to play
vlogs channel : i love it its graphics are best and this game cannot be compromised
jesus leyva : very challenging its a very fun game to play the graphics are awsome
gta v : best bike game ever played and i just love it so much
venkatesh lokare : i am just playing it it has good graphics and offline playing game also
anirudh mathers : loved it ..but just make it more tough
bruh thike : the best game that you can play
somnath das : but this is online game. i want play this offline.
ajoy das : enjoyed game this is very very good game this is very dest game it's lovely game easy to play this is very very cool this is word best game of wrod
a google user : it's badass! just downloaded it
thomas booth : it is a good app because you can get good games
nashim khan : this game is so cool..
a google user : really full danila's game
christian cage : i didn't like any of this
aldwin velasquez : owesome game
tushar sharma : money game , nothing else
raj sejpal : trial xtreme 3 is better than this
billy clay : its amazing i do recommend getting these.but ads are absolutely annoying
cameron stimpson : rubbish game don't download it your wasting your time
mekhi moody : this is a cool game to play so don't play those lame game
rink jain : it is so nice and easy to play any body can play
solomon naraine : the game can be very addictive and i play the game a lot of times
yogesh sahu : this game is fun but this is challenges game. i like this game.
nusrat shah : don't like it so much sensitive crashes
sonu gupta : waw it's costly but super engoying game
c.j g.l : i enjoy and it's nice to be like that but give it a chance
daniel powell : i can't never stop playing this because it's super a1
zane gardner : omg this is the best game i have ever played it so adicting
poonam mudgal : what a amazing game play this everytime
abigail evans : i have the ex boxs game too it awesome :)
venis cej : that is very good game with motorcycles when i play it i was relaxed
ms tube official : too good game. so i think you download it.
sayed areeb ahmad : the graphics is very interesting.
ajmeera naveen nayak : i like the stunts graphics need more development then i can give 5 stars
sohaib sumdani : great time killer i think u should download it if you dont download it ur idiot
santox ki comedy : this game give us lot of joyfull to be a player of bike race it give good performance
noman pathan : this us absolutely great game but its graphics was an amazing thats why i love thi game
bhanu bhanu prakash : my friend told that this game is very cool and the download the game is late
vs chauhan : but it takes so space they have to update it and let made it use less space
madelynn oates : i really love this game its so much fun
a google user : now i am intalling this game i think this game is so much better than all bike games
margaret kitson : the update means you can only duel so plz change it
rumsam ring sameer : this game is so much fun and happy to stunt on my bike ride with me and my dad
varsha khare : i play these game on my samsung s duos it s working very faster exelant
kamal manchanda : awesome good graphics addictive challenging easy controls great game play best bike game
a google user : this game is fun and vary challenging so the further you get on levels the harder the game gets
roy w. : it's the best game i've ever played
evan bone : it's great but a little to many adds.
shyla jones : i honestly think they could never replicate trials on xbox and if they could i would give 5 stars
lindsay stockwell : i haven't played this game yet
m vehe : the best trial xtreme 4 ever!!
shahriya alve : love it xx trial xtreme is very good
vidya sagar tirkey : hey you still want me too is that the truth about it
vijay raut : good graphics and easy to play this game so interesting movements their is in the game
ravi gaming : don't download if u r not below 199 yers of age
artak abrahamyan : very bad bad bad . trial xtreme 3 is so cool
rajesh singh : this game is too good.i liked this games action.
manish harit : it is a great game .it has good graphics . it is very addictve i love it:)
l. millrd! : love it i love all the trials .. recommended
niyath jain : awesome this has good graphics good gameplay good controls
shatsu : came back to this game and it's still as good as i remember it to be
janardhan jani : i download to it say 're install
a google user : it is a very cool and nice game for a gamer.
manish singh : great graphics good control
s s goenka : using oppo f1s plus.gud graphics
thatcher sajin : best bike game in the world
akshay krishna : it's not bad but it needs to improve alot
pravesh kargwal : when i started playing color got black.
ciaran gittins : it's soooo boring for a highly rated game
raza alam : good gameplay awesome graphics and awesome controls its was really a good game
nathan davis : this game has been the best since the first one they made!!!!!
mr.celtic : good graphics and sound. bump down the adds.
dylan pech : this is a cool game but i keep crashing
kenxpunisher yt : i have a good idea to do the same time i have been trying the new year is going well with your phone is not the intended recipient or the other side and i will be a great day of your
a google user : its a very nice game to play, loved it.
gomathi subramanian : this is why because the game of this man is so super he has a helmet and super amazing bike
pubg indian : whaste bad app don't download this f app
amzad hossain saikot : glad to play such a worthy biking game.
edwards john : worst game don't waste time
i'm khan : it's too expensive
a google user : i think it's the best game i've ever played
akash sharma : ads everywhere...
alan hankey : the prices are just so night but it is a pretty good game i use my play it
eden yt 111 : its good not very good but good hi sami to bhi dakh la don't install this game its bakwass:-:-[bakwass;-)
sarah smith : really fun and i love it you can also play it when you are borde or even have spare time love it keeps me busy
a google user : this game sucks its impossible to win and you need to pay to get money do
not install this app it is a rip off so as i said do not install
deepesh hegde : its an awesome game i had downloaded it but that had got uninstalled so m doin it once again
nimesh doshi : this is a game based on cycles but too many ads it must be little improved nic game
kemrobin asequia : this game is aaaaaaaaaaaawesom game ever beucase when i tested at my tito s tab its amazing
harsh shubham : yes it cool game but we have unlock lavel with given money this is wore
ajay pandey : i like this game very nice and waiting for 5
austin mills : nice game guys can u add a street bike only for me for free plz
selena todd : i really like online update and the game before the update too lower prices for new bikes to
enter tianer : the game file is so big but this game is awesome great graphics all people have to download it
rizwan khalid : it was a best game i have played many games of bike but this one i love it
jayvon mitchell : yeah i know you are the future of a new one is the first time in
nanny chunks : its awesome no probs no nothing this game is great i loved
md raghib : bcz this is very good game all level is very defecult
ui goku #1 : l soon kick ic on kudo jar kick icp istanbul office
dennis torres : its cool game. . .but so hard win. .hehe
romeo mori : it slowly jump and the engine its not fast even i max upgrade it it jumps very slow i think trial extreme 3 is more awesome
gc stefanescu : not my fav but it's good enough
trystan poet : every time i try downloading it gives me an erro.
muwahhith bin luqman : i haven't downloaded this but i thinks i should
az khylle alamon : this game is so good even it is to slow to download
mehul jora : this game very good and best me and my friends like this game
advaitha upadhya : i love this game awesome!! i game loved it
manohar kumar : this game is really a good game because i am very intereated to play this game .
vishal jaiswal : i never play this type of game previously........ it is amazing game but characters are not more. so i request the maker of the game to put some different characters.
chaitanya barua : i can make a better game i am not saying this to get attention
faredzuan 95 : nice game. . i guess you to make another extreme game
mr undertale : awesome it is the best bike game ever! i recommended it to everyone
in the fond memory of shadaan by saahil rashid : cool game best bike game graphics are too good
gb1 000 : my friend has it so i got it!
james denson : too many ads.. impossible times to beat..
a google user : can't go up stares fix it
a google user : i love the game because of the tracks and the quality and also the offline part
kyle churman : i love the user friendly controls!
sohail ansari : not as good as trial xtream 3 it was fabulous but this is not as good as that......reason is i liked its content ,graphics.....!! its was better than this one
satyam karn : this game is very interesting and good graphics
alisha muslijov : hejjjhgyhj 8 the best 6 to the uk in the uk 91126schwabach the best way to get to see if you want a 87877
akash kashyap : its a good game its tough until u get a hang of the controls then its a awesome game
gavin trevino : i love it super cool rate 5 doe ay i love this game yeah
sujah tdr : best game in the mobile...hope or game be super hit
mohan kohli : it is very hard to play it. and to upgrade next level
a k : everything goes black.
martin cobbett : download it and says there's a error and stops
deangelo spear : it is the most challenging game ever
a google user : i think...it is a great game for all specially for the children
liban aden : mandating off and off for an account and it will take place at all and all that i am looking to move to another and
anubhav chauhan : this game not support my phone and trail xtreme 3 not support
my name is t : it's time sucker and good game for us
shaheer ahmed : this game is the best one ever played by me
paul evans : it takes ages to download which is turd
darren prince : annoying when it crashes mid game but otherwise a fun game
anil kumar : excellent game burra padu all people will download this game
bir chahal : hd game very nice
a google user : very very very excellent game or please update now
tobey ben : it is good game and me and my family like this game ok
steven konwar : it is a very good and insterting game i love it very much
rachit srivastava : it was a superb game but a i am not winning the game
rahul tony : superb bike game and stunt game i loved it so much
carsen : this game is so awesome i loved it and i still do
a google user : nice game best bike stunt game i had ever played
mansi vishnu : it very cool game i love to play this game rook
madurai mass tamilan : this game is very very large i love games
mohd tayyab : i love this game i am very enjoy full tyme this game
hanad salim : i just a a new phone and this is all i play
mukesh garg : i am pratyush i love this game very much
maxwell del villar : if i could give 0 stars i would
a google user : it was amazing best game in the world of games the controls on it was amazing aswell
masrafi islam : but not support the game my phon
look & feel : love the game and i think all player can play this game
081 abhinav : awesome graphics
bihari gameingo_o : hi friend is game mai bahut technology hi nice game
tanatswa mundawaro : i love this game but my space is small
jesse correa : i love this game so much i play with it all day
dave keller : play this game a lot so we will see
avinash salvi : this bike game is the most wonderful game i have played
wasif mujahid : this game is better than trial extreme 3
cupid pro gaming : i love the game its very fun
vazira abizer : this game is an addictive game that once started not stoped
ankit raj : one of the best game i played ever
enoch johnraj : love to show the game to my friends
vlogs ka badshah : it the best game but it want improvement
brayden kremmer : but more bikes not much needs more
jarred felipe : its a cool game i downloaded the 3 one and its so cool
marcus bridges : the 4th is better the graphics are the best and the controls are sooo much better
abhayansh sharma : its my favorite game and graphic are so good
judhalla badminton club : its the best game ever then the other bike racing game
aimee clitheroe : it is really easy and good i am on 26
gavin stalkie : its really fun but hard i really enjoy this game
lashevia morris : its so cool like moto combat x
brandon garrett : i love this new update on trail
lachlan romo : its better than part 3 ay
callmekyle : you guys did a great job with the game
eva meau : it is my favorite game in my history
ali ejaz : great graphics great gameplay great bikes and stage download and enjoy
sanic the hotdog : i love it because you can do a lot of cool stuff and you can do a backflip
nathan graham : it is so awsome i will save my game to not make it fall of of a cliff i will die to save it
aaron lm10 rock : bikes is very nice in this game an dwe are enjoying the gamrpe very nicely
roshan kc : the game is superb... the graphic in the game is seems very nice..this game is level game by adventurous method............ i played all the version of this game but more level should be used in the game by the developer anyways the game is bessssstttt forever.. thanks
sakthivel s : i cant download this app due to error 904....... gona hate this game
pawan chopra : i liked this game very very very much and i want really to share that it has very nice features it is excellent and superb game
tanay sharma : lags a lot on galaxy grand 2
malik francois : i'm playing online with my brother on our phone good graphics
jayden benson : this game is great it's graphics and no lags it's paridise
a google user : i like this game at the game,control,gameplay,graphic and this game is very interesting
john dowdall123 : good game recommend this to any motobike loveers
vaishnavi pasalkar : it's very good for children's to play
anita waghela : addictive stunt and levels i liked it very much for timepass my kids and i enjoy this game very much
jerry johnson : im really hungry
cameron knight : sometimes i squat in a ditch and poke berries in my nose
jeff speakman : really good not the best game ever just a good game.
dahiaam : this is a best game in this world i have ever seen what you are reading just download this game now
nuno teixeira : this game is great to play offline and multiplayer with great graphics!!!
arsalan malik : best game but add tolerates me!
tim abbe : game crashes way too much, deleted
spinlimb og : it's nice it has very well working controls.
kartik bachani : worst game i have ever played plz dont install this nd dont u even download apps from play store
michael stroud : i hate this game cuz its so laggy and every time i purchase a item it kicks me out
jay spin : this game always closes and didnt got a chance playing a 200+ mb game that i dowloaded for 30 mins
harshit thakur : its graphics is so bad....that's why i would like to uninstall it.....
susanweilenmannlover1995 vgcp auttp gfas aaod mp : i love it but i purchased $1.99
peanut gamer md : so cool. i think you should buy it.
sujan cye : how to run this game on sony xperia tipo ? it doesn't open at all, help me plz and i'll give u 5 star!! plz rply my text
parvez bepary : great to use. but need few change in graphic.
thelatestfrontier tv : it's fun i like how there's an online as well
rohan singh : 1. iplayed. 2. the grapics are great 3.but in the tournament their are ads
prince tanweer : downloaded and vanished, didn't install, getting install option again, trying to.
savvas kakonitis : amazing game i play all the series continue the good work !!
lilwuzy darealest : cool game. broski keep it up dude. freaking gnarly
trevor walkee : nooooooooo ve. playe. its don unloading right know
a google user : it's to boring game it's just for time pass
tamal chowdhury : it's really awesome game!
nihmatullah nihmtii : a great game. i love it really. well time passinggggggg.
jud duck : it is fun cool and can't stop playing
aayush bhatt : loved 2 play
shah owaly ullah dinar : while downloading it show an error for downloading..
purpleguygaming12 reacts : awesome but i like it on a xbox.
giangel centeno : is ok but it has too many ads
a google user : it's awesome i'm playing it everyday and everything is perfect
amely real : i like the game very much thank you for the game so addictive
moonchaseer cf : sometime the game is bord i'm apologiaz
ahmed magdy : i love this game since the first version :)
vaibhav joshi : it is not hard it was a good game
shamyoraj ghosh : the control is worse
a google user : i never played this game this game is best
eduardo_ moreno : it is not good at all
mexican homeless spider-man : so cool so good best game in history...
trevaughn jackson : it sucks i just downloaded ot and already is out of money to play other people it should be like how much our bike is upgraded detirmen who we play
setani : i really like this trail bike game 10/10
elijah martinez : love the game.great job this game is so sick really like it
walter carrasco : it's a fun entertainment game and it's sooooooo cool
sigita raizite : it's like trial fusion! and thanks for the game!
jai jai : after this update it is showing a grassy field and bridge.please fix it
varsha shah : whoa! a superb bike game.
jj star : i have attached my resume with this mail 2018 3 is looking for your help in to play the character that 33 26 33 3 6 in 62 35
a google user : it is not so good to hear from you soon and i will be in the future of our
games are based on the future of our games are based on the future of our
games are based on the future of our games are based on the future of our
games have already sent to me as a boy or to offer the following file ok na
po no
zakk fesler : my mom can do better
finlay kidd : when i downloaded the game with my google account it gave me someone else's data instead
muhammad humais : i played trail extreme 3 and completed it now my target is this game.
rahul prajapati : this game is very ingesting because this game is about chanllange
aryaman sareen : bad game ever played
terli harish : super but some times not good
terris evans : who ever made it is stupid asf
jack krauser : this game is very bad and takes very mb
escort 9822 : very w stupid game this game is only for stupid
nandanneo : this game is very tension while playing this game
nikhil pratap : i rage to much in this game
a google user : i have been playing this game since before.....the more i played the more i loved it.....but there is just one problem that i want to share is its mb size....i wish i could afford this game in lower mb with some more new adventures and fun....
aryaman jaiswal : i think it is good game play it you will love it
sagar dixit : very very intresting and challenging game i like this game
dynamic virus : it's a nice game i have played trial xtreme,2,3
matthew melvin : ive played this on a friends phone loved it downloaded it to mine it wont download says error if you have trouble then troubleshoot
gadang aji pangestu : great game,but it's a little bit pay for win game
vishal thakur : wow what a game i lyk this very much love this:)
nibras gujjar : itss not loading suckkss i hate it ..
mohammed magdy : don't install i'm my mob your game is not install
usha pandey : namaste to be a good time with you to update you on the harmful to be a little more than one person to be a little faith and i will be able i will have
nazih bouchaita : it's good game ever i say
multimedia contents : this game is very much good nd i want #trial #xtreme #5 please release it
muhammad maaz azhar : nice graphic great work cool game best control love it trail xtreme 4
sanjay dwivedi : i think in this game if net is not required then it will be get 5star
jonny hyde : so realistic a lot better than trial extreme three
cameron hewitt : it is feel like you are there it is so awesome
sardar waqas : nice game i like its but som rounds is plyd net only plz try this
ripon khan : its a really good graffics and the game is like a real moto gp tnxxx and do better on it
a google user : it is the best game i have ever seen
andrew bagnall : was a good app until it told me to keep deleting apps on my phone to update
anurag singhal : look game is good but its storage should be more less from 334to 225 mb
james kay : good game but getting coins takes way to long
tejas vaghela : its to huge its hang n above all make it smooth to play
sheeny and jase white : good game all up i used to play thsi on x box and i still find it fun
a google user : greater this very real 3d like but when you make trial extreme 5
benjamin armstrong : it is hard to beat but possible whichs makes it have sone challenge
sheredder footclan : ride you dirt bike on cool levels and amazing do stunts
shravan chellappa : good i am not feeling head aack also by playing this game
brenton key : awesome if there were 100 stars i would rank it that can i get feedback
jerremy javier : super cool but can you put more leves because i completed the hole campage
anurag mishra : it is good for nostradamus game now both are looking still young dena jaldi download
smart anis : i like this to play very cool game
takee khan : it really great app.. enjoyed playing this game
dylan martz : every time i press the brake it never works... please fix it
ricardo blair : great game, love new tracks and look.
michele bird : it's like i'm actually driving
foxy gamer : this is the best bike game ever
evan zhibar : the best bike game of them all
cynthia smith : this is the best bike game ever it ha
vortex : loved it! great game. great graphics. good work developers!
mr morty : i completed 1,2,3 and look forward to completing 4
jaden gorder : i cant download for some.reason
banty santy : it's a very good game. it has nice graphics
mustafa al ma'adhidi : nnice and funny game.of course not the update.
rahool khan : cant download this game.please don't download
sona sebastian : dont waste yur time.its a bad game
preston pottie : it's not bad if your 12
ronnie chan : its best when ur bored
shamyro roman : coolest game ever i uninstalled it and i still had all the stuff i brought
emu0824 : all good but alot of space
jew jew : i could even play the game when i got it.
aayush tiwari : a very nice game.i was played part 1,2 and 3 also.
milk mua : i love this if others play it they will also love and this is a great time killer also
towhidur rahman nabil : amazing game... need more real graphics
rajender kumar : that, s so best game
hunter chalker : this is a very good game y'all should try it.
kirby pada : i. love the glitches its funny
sheikh sohan : this game is very cool game.good graphics. i like this game..
rowan laidlaw : it won't load
ramanpreet singh : i play the game is a great. .
abhishek singh : 5 star only for graphics is the best bike game i played
bhupesh bhatt : i try many times to install the game but it doesn't download
miguel barrera : its so good
a google user : as it's size is very large,i cannot dwnlad it but i would download it...
ankit kumar : <the leatest version is cool. and 3 part is also cool
mithan mithan : good graphics, nice to play, time spending not boring
yash verma : best graphics
sahanwaz alam : i play all part 1,2,3 and 4 best game
angry bird : superb game.. nothing to say on my voice.. just say its awasome
hrisheekes menon : very bad. the app doesn't open. i wasted my data. i didn't expect this from you.... very bad.
anitha reddy : i don't know about the game but i have rated as i loved it
a google user : i have played lotsof bike games but it is the best
erwin martinez : i loved the original. 4 is that much better.
a google user : damn i love this game it's so good
ayan mohammed : ohhh.what a nice game. i loved it
laurie : the game is so much fun it is a very good game
a google user : i like the game so please think of game mb so big
jacob myers : i have a real frit bike and this is better than the real drit bike
tanuja b : i think trial xtreme 3 is better than trial xtreme 4
karthik iyer : awesome graphic and best game for me in this whole world
faaqy x : to me this is the best game i ever played
nita panchal : a wonderful time pass game esialy time pass
keagan purtell : amazing game kinda like trials fusion epic graphics
teropiha williams : this an awesome game keep up the great work on its an awesome game
dylan rafols : this game deserves 1 star because it sucks
diganta kalita : i think trial extreme 3 is better than trial extreme 4
a google user : it is a very good good game and i think i could play it
jayshankar tripathi : i like this game in game the trak is very cool
victor vega : cool game even the way you dress your person
kartikeya singh : awesome , none of the other word suits best
nikhil sarole : best game ever and ever with good graphics and controlls
stephann : too many ads you have to pay
karan roy : always like a game that has amazing effects and have awesome graphics and trial extream 4 has contain all of this features
harry kolge : its nice but not better.
rezwan ahmed : it is a very good game but need to improve .... there are many eros
rohit gupta : it is good game in racing in the world . graphic is good and coding also good.
a google user : it's the first time i've played it and it's awesome
devil : now i play it don't freeze on me thx
a google user : this is very nice game. i am very enjoying it. please download this game and enjoy...
neeru kalher : don't instal this game
sanjeev baweja : condom game use and throw.
dylan elbon : this game is awesome!
suhail bashir : i just seen the game in youtube then i download it is very best game in the world i love you so much more than happy to u
hateme plz : i love dirt bikes so anybody that likes dirt bikes will love this game
amaan bevoor : it is a good game for cycle lover. the graphic is too good.
jannett perez : when i start the game the motorcycle dude goes up down left and right
mayra ortiz : when i'm bored i love to play this game
nitin lall : the best part is different
denver brooks : it restated me and to many ads
joey williams : i love this one to. i have all the other ones to.
desert aza : it's cool but i would like an upgrade
a google user : this is a cool game .this games name is trial xtreme 4.
ayann khan : its such a nice stunting game
inez bell : you're the best funny you're awesome you're blessed jeremiah awesome
sunita raina : i want this game from many time. i was searching from this game.
a google user : why do you need to access my contacts and photos? way too many ads.
muhammad nadeem : good, but it needs to be online
christopher jarquin : the game is so good i love it :)
stitch : i have 3 words to say. it is awesome.
monesh khatwani : losser i not love this game ok do not angry me ok
jatt gameing : it is a bast game for race & stutnt
chetan chauhan c k : this game is fantastic and this game have good graphic
shahadat hossain : it sa a great game. thnx to the authority.
miracle plays : it is better than trial xtreme 3 and all bike games.it is very interesting game...
joel alfonso : i love this game super because its so cool.
gurdit singh : it is very amazing game i have ever played.
a google user : it was good but it takes a long time to download
sujan kapali : but difficult to play
rishi dharmani : wow this game is very good graphics are also very good i love it
aditya chauhan : it is very tough very challenging game i love it
sooraj mohan : i have all trial extreme all the parts only this game takes so many data 215 mb i say that you must play the game
: victor : : the first time i played this game is so awesome and very good and i have been playing around 1 hour
souvik seal : this is a very good game .i just love this game amd it's graphiks is so good...
vasantha kumar s : nice but i don't play
zaman sheikh : very educative ...must downloaded
alexandra hamilton : i haven't even payed it yet it looks cool
vishal kumre82 : application good graphics and very easy to use
a google user : it is good but i don't like the money proses
shamima ahmed : thanks for visiting my own personal information such as western australia for your email address to which is why i have been a while ago i was y
everglow wang yiren : this game is awsome and also can make your own skill thx for this game also plz watch my youtube chanel white boy mantin
tyrese braham : because i just don't like the update
gowtham krishna p : it is avery good game with a good graphics
a google user : requires internet all.the time
ravinder singh : this game very smart . or very nice
apoorv jagtap : it is a good time pass for 9-21 yrs users
callum vang : i think this is best game i've played!
ciara neugebauer : nice game play it for all my years now the game get better and better always never doubt u will lose keep trying and u will make it
ec_ edward : it lags and its so bad at loading and every time i hit a checkpoint it doesnt always set it as a checkpoint
conor halpin : this is a great game but i wish they could make all levels free but other than that love
a google user : get the 3rd game, it's better
vijendra kumar : so bad game worst game ever waste of data so bad of if i would be the
president i will hang up the game apk and delete it for life time of my
a google user : fix ur games problem m trying from full night but its not getting download even m trying on high speed wifi
ducky meinen : it isn't showing the starting screen
balkrishan sharma : nice game very very nice game please install mee bhai
a google user : a very good game. graphics and gameplay is extremely good.
andrew hayden : worst trials game so far get way too little coins compared to the rest of them stupid little errors need to be fixed very poor game
a google user : i love the game and finally a female character is here.
alfie everall : i tried to download it 3 times and it said trial xtreme 4 has stopped please fix
shalev david : not realistic,boring.
legend gamer : so so good i didn't see a game like this
a google user : i happy to play this game good graphics good controls download and play this game...
sumanth summy : it is one of the mind blowing game and nice graphics
vincent underwood : if you don't get this game your stupid
arkanul islam : it not supported to my mobile
koty ficheria : one of the best games i've ever had
robert smolan : i haven't even played it and it looks fun
sa bowall : great game play top graphics
shrijal khanal : it worked fine before but, it says unfortunately stopped now .... after update plz fix it.....
brady binkley : really good game its the best when racing and good graphics.
manoj singh : it has a very good graphic and it is very challenging
kalvintaka art studio - oi photography - : this game literally makes u wanna throw up.....i rather choose trails frontier...alot better!
a google user : fantastic game but take very much time to open...
offline : ive never played it but i know its good
mohammed abubakar : good lots of fun playing this game u also try it once by playing :::...
mohammad tanveer hasan : i like this game and i am at level 10.this game is really extreme
mueed arain : please try it!
ashhar zawar : i am palying this game when i was 11 and now i am 13 and i am playing this game yet....
farhani ali : best bike game and the multiplayer is awsome
nana sefa : hi guys you can't beat me
khajith y : it's a interesting game don't download
tamil.m.d 8g 8743 : don't don't waste your storage space
yogesh shukla : not bad game i like it so cool.
emmanuel okhifun : so cool, it's waaaay better. i love it
emilio alvarez : this game sucks when i downloaded it it doesn't even have a play button
ruben feregrino : don't even waste your time
aryan chandra : love to play it .but takes a lot of time to download please download it
rajeev kailas : its a nice time pass and a super game
m.h.mishu : trial xtreme is back at it's latest edition!
bronson turner : best game i've played last year ......still playing
edwin joseph : the best bike game in play store one and only trial extreme 4 i have glad to play this game .........
krupa bhatye : very nice game and controls are awesome and it is a kinda hard
donna sta.maria : thank you so much for making this game ilove it thankyou.
a google user : this is one of the best games i have ever played .so nice
miguel itable : these game was totally awesome. and it was so cool
shanedajudoguy : this is the best game ever!
a google user : very expensive it is and for. bikers it is very good
a google user : it's a great game. this game is of mind skills and experience
a google user : cool game and amilia and kaisan want a video and there isn't a video
afaq naveed : wonderful game great graphyics.loving it!
larry hughes : fun to play and half of the time it's hard to play with it sometimes
benn jackson : it's great absolutely love it as u can see
chris white : sweet game can't wait for the next one
a google user : don't worry about the rest of the email and the other one that you
rehan shaikh rehan shaikh : ossom game good graphics and most smoother ride
raelynn bear : i thought the third one was better than the newer one come you can do better than this bad bad graphics
arpit singh chandel : if you are a bike lover and rider too, seriously guys this game is made for you. so enjoy!!!!!
adapt gaming : it's a awesome game to play.
jake sims : can't win a match without buy in game stuff or having lots of money
emon ziad : this game is very nice graphics and controll so i loved it.
a google user : i absolutely loved it and it was really really fun.
yuvraj raj : it's a good time pass game and challenging game
roman riyal indiyan faiter pal : very good game and good graphics plase download it
manbir sandhu : best game good graphics and very challenging game
haider zulfiqar : plz don't download this game...its a waste of time...
josh craig : so difficult to play doesn't make it fun
a google user : it's fun to if board really good graphics
har kaur khalsa : i am enjoying playing this game alot
sumith 03 : "good graphics " good game"
jenn : cool you should add skate park and cool game it's so so so so so good
a google user : nice game but the ads shown in this game is not compatible
irfan khan : i want trial xtream 5,but i loved xtream 4
madhukar tak : it is wonderful game i ever think.
usha jain : wow it is only one game that i like!
funny channal : very nice and it is incredible because it's graphic is very nice i love it
big boy : it is a good game it's the graphics on the game they should be less fuzzy
louis chanu : controlling. bad
shoaib khan : this version has good graphics. loved it!!
furious akash : it is very good game for me that xtremely good
alex lewis : fun and challenging game to play
abdul wajid : awesome game for bike lovers good graphics
jemarion burney : great graphics and levels
ashish vishwanatham : bring out full game in offline mode
luke james : its better then trial extreme 3
farhan semi : exiting extra stunts and good graphics
heck teck : this game is totally rad guys
bryce paine : so fun and very addicting
lewis christie russell : the worlds most best bike game
garvita jaiswal : yes i can get three stars
gulshan kumar : and i think this will be great...
kanuj kumar saha : the graphics is awesome along with the latest bikes & bikers
bogdan 369 : i played all trial xtreme games...are awesome
nadim shikder : i think this game will make every gamer happy.
nathan walsh : a good time consumer graphic are low but its
ashish raikwar : good working this game my mobil.
ibby arshad : i liked it l download the game on my dad's phone
a google user : it id like a good sim .when he falls it is fanny
robyn brown : it's the number one best racing game of all time
abhishek gehlot : simply great. i'm loving it.
shahab raza : one of the best bike challenges game...love it nice graphics
william murphy : this game is best for time kills.
shanti lal patidar : very good game i love this game very very very much i love thi
suri prashanth : because it knows us to how to ride the bike
kaden riley : i think better grapgics evrwything needs to. be fixed
aziz hussain : tnx it's an awesome game
prabhat chaudhary : trial xtreme 5 1.5gb ka do best with local multiplyar
a google user : best moto game. the graphics could be better
rahul khan : really the game is the best gather then t -x
ricky swingle : it's the best one that they have made
dhaval patel : in downloading game there are doing cheating
breadstick bryce : its really laggy
shannon patterson : it is so cool.
ultimate king : it's a very good game
sayon sims : it's fun to play
milind bangad : i love this game so much.
shubhangi j a i n : best game every thing is good i love it
mateen khan : this game is very good and this is. a interesting game so i love this game
alize garcia : let's you pick your place were you want to drive the motorcycle
tech guy hyder ali : it's graphics are great but offline mod is not available
utterginger : jee man this game rules and anyone who does not install this is utterly ally crazy
myname_ski : keeps force closing and dosnt open so i havent even got to play it yet
yuan rico : this is the coolest trials game ever!!! all trials game i played this is the coolest!!! keep up the good work ;d
ix kyle xi : it is the best bike game ive played can u make a trial extream 5
songs to listen : this game is really good for me!
arsh ahmed : thanx for trial xtream 4
a google user : this game is really amazing..... all features and functions are good and
anyone can easily operate it......
a google user : it's very nice that i can't comment
sunil vishwakarma : that game is best for children because the graphics is good.
alexis sanchez : hacking game hehe
ollie king mx : i mean it's a good game but the controls arequite hard
ajay kumar : i love small in size and bomb in action
manvendra singh : please remove either ads. or in app purchases.
krishnamurthy sompaga : win the game risk and racing is life
a google user : not that much good but it deserve 5 stars
nandun manimendra : one of the best games i've ever played
a google user : good game,but still need lots of ipmrovements
a google user : it is very challenging. only experts can play
juan valerio : suck can't even download
ian arevalo : won't let me download it
gokul sujith : i simpli loved it .good graphics..nice control.good game
kylie taylor : it like your playing. in real life
a google user : i think i u guys did a great job on this game...
a google user : great graphics nice game could play it all the time.
a google user : it's a good game for time pass next level of extreme
logan ginger : love this game but sometimes it won't let me open it
cleyo wilson : this is so cool guys download this app and rate
mufazzil kahar : it gets to hard to quickly and i'm stock on leave 10
omari smith : can u add like 4 wheel bikes and new other bikes please
tahsin tabassum : but not the best.
adarsh tripathi : i love this game, but some features are unlocked
sabrina seymour : very fun but the tournament's cost to much
nay nay smith : takes ages to get to the next level but it's still good
shyam kumar : i have been a while to reply to your email client run by a friend few
aarti chawla : y g type of us equally then i have been
pratik sinha : the sensitivity on screen is very low....n also glitches a lot sometimes automatically it goes off n return to my home screen.... pls fix it....
king dul : it wasn't that bad but you need more better bikes
shehzaan mansuri : it is the best game al i have played it's amazing
craig edwards : installed on my galaxy s5 and it wouldn't load
a google user : don't install this game this is very bad boring
a google user : nice game it is good but don't play more
pratham nathyal : jesus i wonder what is happening to the games these days.
andrew anderson : this is awesome and gyes don't complain about a free game
mason lay : i love this game it is the best bike game i've ever had
mayur kanse : good game but ,not best
amol kamble : i almost try to play game and lot of fun
a google user : best racing game also time killer
bernardo junior mahangue : i like it was in my phone good graphic
tyler schaefer : loved it so much played great and had great graphics
dikss islive : great feature game with amazing graphics i like this game
sam john : good but i'm not happy
a google user : demeyda hi this game is very nice say thank you say say
neetu sharma : very very very very nice game with good rating
vishal chauhan : this is best game i love it thx for this game very popular game
nick d'amico : nice game play. clean graphics
yousuf asad : this game is best game this game grafic is very vip game
tomer dada : good but needs some change
nick t aka dj hydro : too difficult to get started...very frustrating
andrew walton : fully modified bike can't even pass second map... game is bullshit
jeet solanki : excellent service from our inventory includes all the time of year
a google user : i love this game my boyfriend showed me it
sameer ibrahim : good game but i think a lot of memory
razin : trail xtremes are favourite game of all time for me
sajida banu : awsome game u know
melon cat : but its ok
yesenia gonzales : it awesome thanks for letting us play this game
bina shakeel : third class game trail xterme3 is much better
metalmirrorman 1 : good game just wish all the levels was free
cameron shadle : sooooo fun to play definitely a yes for me
pro_is_me 123 : good game but could use better graphics
asanga nicholas : wow interesting but the level design need to be worked on
dominic anderson : i liked it because it helps u wast time
a google user : good enogh to play as much as your battery live
sami khan : this game is so good to compared other games
android king : supeb game nice vonder full on graphics
aarsha2002 b : it is my favourite game in all i love the stunts in it
devin's music : good app everyone should get it
aiden labelle : all i have to say is great game
mukesh gupta : almost best game but it is too large to installed
bryan and ryan vevo beats and songs : i love the controls good bikes i love the game
derek keen : just really love the game controls good everything
deepa dhuri : it would be even better if there was a story
ranglal choudhary : this game is very cool you play and see
bijoy fulmali : so good very lovely
anmol singh : very nice game but graphic need to improve
sunil kumar : i think you have to add some more graphics
zubi m&h : a vry good app must play the game
radif miah : i loved it was very good
innocent nyangenyo : its soo good nyce graphics it just wow
hh 2o : good but i wished you could be naked on the bike
beverly carr : it took along time to download but it was fun
robert m : it is one of the best game i ever played
lalit pandey : this game is very nice with graphics as well as levels
balwan galoth : nice racing and best time passing and not boaring
a google user : the best bike racing game ever played
john comfort : its awesome but reduce the prices of bikes and upgrades
a google user : cool
nidhika jain : ok sir thank you for visiting my own
rajat pahal : i love this game please download as soon as possible
jai'shaun henry : great download this fun dirt bike game
makani rakena : it is real cool and lots of different levels and places
alfie maybury : been playable on the phone
siddartjit singh : nice game but a bit hard
james greenwood : it is a very awesome game i recommend to get and play
monica tiggs : i like it not that much but still
zack sexy ass mcgee : best game that sucked sence 2001
bashshar bashshar : its a nice and rate it game
praveen katwal : love it amazing graphics good work by the game team
aron carino : love it cause nico bawang want it
neelam singh : its nic game but it need to improved
savita duggal : very good by boy do god bless you
joann hyde : great game and i have not even played it yet
arjun creation : subscribe my channel on you tube arjun creation
krystal leblanc : this is the best game i have ever played
a google user : very cool game guys u must download it
a google user : pretty friging savage and the game play is really gucci
pranjit barman : play and know that this game is so grateful
tanshu phounsa : so easy to play
saiful islam : one of best game i have ever played
vernil baronday : best and number one ever
anuj dehariya : is game is very gpod for this the of enjoyment an exicting
weeb lynch : a good game forever
shantell warren : good morning beautiful p
marius van.heerden : want toe play it its stil downlowding
ankith pottigari : because of its graphics and gameplay
ben brookes : it is a good games make more off them
iam reco : this is the best just download it as fast as you can
yashwardhan gulati : i loved playing it
nohealani akana : fun awesome for all ages and can be good education
fardin atif : its great then others trail games
caden dale : great game just wish there was more tracks
malik patton : i can see so awesomely
tiwari magic : this is very amazing game bmx3d
franky 2000 : awesome game for teenagers and stunt riders cool physics
jazmine holley : its a different games it not the one i play with
mostafa khatib : great game challenging and easy to play at the same time
dani champ : this game is looking very beautiful and 3d
matias enrique : eats me out better the my girl yo
rupal sharma : it is very good game to play ilove il
shubham sahu : it nice game graphics are good smooth controlling
vicky telkar : aswm graphics nice good smooth running game
rhys westacott : an amazing game lo ved it
a google user : this game is awesome i love doing stunts
javid gogda : it graphics is cool stunt are awesome
kenneth brooks : its the best motercylce game i played yet
a google user : fix the ads and theag and ill 5 star everything
te ari taylor : i wish it would load fast
travet wilburn : good game and all it needs more dirt bikes
a google user : good game play loved and the graphics are so good
jamar conway : man i love the internet
ashley sanders : this the best one out of all of the games
lucky kopo : i really enjoyed the graphic
a google user : the game is fun but time passes fast
ronald sanchez : download this game is awsome
dolo aj : its just the best bike ive ever played
zoe : i really liked the graphics and the controls this is a good game
krish arora : it is a very good game but extra picture
roshan parekh : the game is awesome with extremely superb graphics
a google user : i think the person or persons who built this game is a genius
ayan khan : dont waste your mb
vivek mulye : it is very good game i just love it
apetrei vladimir : awsome game its hard but cool
dude wake up : very nice game but very high
sumit pal : its a dynamic i like it
robin bhewa : it is very cool install it
sankara narayana : i love to play and too hard
tonya white : it is a very good game to play
a google user : very good game but need to be a little realist
87fox : would be cool if there was a 2 stroke dirtbike
exxon : not to bad but if could do better
jennifer duncan : perfect game for all ages
kami ramay : awesome man great good boo ya fantastic
anuradha tyagi : i have not played this game but it is bad
richard martinez : i hope its worth the effort
hiren khakhar : best game ever i have played in my life
jobby abraham : so good with useing stradegy
eshwar pandey : good graphics n nice game i ever had
hashmat khan : love its features
prabh dhillon : this game is very nice and wonderful
agcakes boi : its cool like it you should try it
a google user : these game nice time killer so download it
s b : i played this game on my xbox
brody quinn : really good game like the maps and mostly everything
lil gangs : from first time playing i love it
kamal parwani : awesome bike race game
a google user : its a good game for 5 min add a reclam
emon khan : this is the best game ever and the graphics ar awesome
prabjeet : great game as always like other trial xtremes
shashank rajesh_r&d : better than the rest three but best for me
haris 7 : this games is good when listening to sidemen diss tracks
ben death : i think you should make a car game
prashant solanki : excellent incredible very exciting full of fun
badarun laskar : very good trial exteme 5 plz make
a google user : i love you guys and your game rocks
arnel yumul : i hope its good
christopher manchas : great game for your phone never wanna stop
mohsin sardar sukhera : nice game its really great
javed ali : its high performance game and iam like it
37kunal arora : superb game which i had never played before
abhay surian : trial extreme 3 is more better than this game
mughees saleem : awesome graphics and nyce game and having some fun
noah smith : the turning
a google user : amazing and superb this game control amazing and high graphic
a google user : i thought it was a great game to play and the graphics are ok
marshmallow cookies2333 : i play this for 18 hours a day
david williams : it is a hard but fun game
a google user : what a great weekend game is all over the world is it
matthew hogan : fun very fun played for 2hours
danish ahmed : it is so cool game yes
ahmad morrison : the graphics are so awesome
parag dubey : great graphics and best gameplay
tyler mason : it is awsome but hard at the same time
rajesh jain : it is a very nice stunt game with action
prashant sharma : it is a best game in tbe world
ragu raman : the game sucks only the graphics were great
ekpal singh sarai : best game played on android to date
nitin pushpakar : nice game enjoyed a lot during playing this one
daniyal shahbaz : hard butalot of fun and full of enjoyment
sultan ahmed sancer : the loading time is toooooooooo long
siam zaman : this game bike so smart
a google user : the game is awesome but also very easy
rahul tripathi : wow this is awesome game i have ever played
danny singh parihar : the best game ever i had played
308 khushal indorkar : one of the best games i have ever played
michelle romshek : i played it on a friends xbox 1 it was awesome
ujwal bagul : amazing offroad game ever played in my life
thaneshwar bhattarai : very nice game
a google user : this is so cool and i dream i will be the trail expert
aqeel ahmed : controllable nice game but still needs improvements
christopher mcleod : be able do you change the color of your skin
kumari lavanya prasad : this has been a while to get
asif khan : wow i love it best control game ever
aizaz khan : this game is not bad only time pass
shanty jos : awesome game that i ever played in my life
laudette van wyk : where do you get these awsome games
muhd haris : this best for me but its to hard to play it
tadi matiza : thanks for your business and its not too bad
muhammad sulaiman : oooo so nice game like this types games
omkar gavand : good but it will send a lot of notifications
hasan nawaz : very good game and hard but i love it
shubham kuril : best racing game i had ever seen
lurky : it a good game but i like the 3rd one
undone : i love this games so much thanks for making it
a google user : awesome performance only winners can play this game
luis cruz : love it nothing else to say
a google user : it is too good i love to play this game
arijit mukherjee : i have played many games but this was the best
vuta chandu : game is nice but cost is more
jesse black : just completely amazing i would recommend this to a friend
a google user : st his game is best but lot of mb
bhishma gajera : it nicely works in tablet
rebecca varner : i love the game and so do my grandkids
selva kenneth : i think it is not a bad but a nice game
phenyo bantseke : i dought the game but i will give it a try
samar khan : i am a mountainer and its very useful for me
ishan srivastava : very nice but make wanted games of cars
asia pegues : i love this game is do fun
nityananda mandal : man i'm just a fan of this game. love playing it.
justin b : trying to install but the trailer was good.
ms sathvara : these game is very entertaining game because i love these game
arun pr : best ghraphic in android games addictive. extreme packed
rayan akramm : its a good game to time pass and when ur bored
abbigayle fulton : it is a reply good game to play when you are bored
killinspre2288m smith : it looks fun and my friend has it and say it's fun
vanessa williams : awesome it's the next big thing
dale gahagan : the app store won't let me download it droid razor max
priya peniel : i love this game. it has good graphics and controls
jesse knudson : won't play my music in backround
shelly nahar : it's great game but why so many ads
venkata siva krishna kandukuri : it works cool .nice grapic
oliver shannon : very good but kind of hard
dr.mansingh gehlot : i don't think any thing
true thunder 11 : it a good game #its lit
vikash diwakar : worst game automatically stopped when i play
rattan lal soni : this game is really good and you must play it !
mayur jagtap : it's very good game in all in one games
maverick swank : i had tx 3 it's awesome
nicholas williams : over all its just a great game to play.
rajesh kanna : it is not downloading and is telling an error
vinod singh : super cool game. i like it
wilson kaole ii : best bike racing game!
hayden keates : its really fun when your bored.
jody clark : it is the best game ever!
kartik rathi : awesome game but it gained our concentration...mks mind fresh...but awesome n classnessssssss....
dan fritter : this one is on the top of the list. must have..
raj rani : good levels are tough and graphics are amazing
rhonda rumple : it will go to the loading page and go back to my home screen
daniel ayesu : i think it's great.but it needs a lil work
prateek agarwal : uff just download it.. amazing racing game
sanjit pathare : motocross! very addictive game
andrew nikolov : i think its too big sorry about it but i can only give you 4 stars but at the other side is a very fantastic and fun game thanks with pleasure andrew
jerry allison : very good freestial game!!!! you guys did it again$$$$$ each time it keeps getting better and better!!! good job with this one!!!!!$$$$$$
godly lxcid : u can't c person it just black wyatt parsons was right can't c anything
the arnold army : it's fun, just costs too much coin to race.
zajfh yxuebd : great game i love it it is very addictive.
mustafa hosiyar : this game does not working in my samsung core plz fix it
santosh thapa : 400 mb car race runs but this game is shot just 200 mb not running
mohd nafees : this is a good and this graphics is so good but this game bike are so ispensive but game is so good
saket sharma : game was outstanding we'll play and best time pass
harsan purohit : i give this game award
aleena rashid : i love this game . its an amazing game . wonderful
sankarsan behera : this is fake mb loss .........best app game thanks....best app and also so most very very most app ......thanks for app ...and game ....game name best trial xtreamr best thank you
c. gideon : it crashes after getting connected
krupal chaudhari : great graphics amazing nice enjoyed it too much
nazim ali : soft to drive and its levels so amazing
bunndy runner18 : i like it because its got great graphics
ashwani chaurasia : thanks for the first time in the uk
siddhesh kale : nice game with nice graphics really loved it
sabre : like the older better but good graphics
zain ranjha : where's all the action & thrill i'm looking for.no stunts no tricks no audience no snaps of rider......i played this game on java mobile . it's size was somewhat between 450-500 kbs.that was even a thousand times better than this.
shiv ram : best game i love it download it please i love this
aditya.a.navale aditya : very addictive very hard levels play hard
hemangini kappla : it would be good if this game would be a 3d game
rhiana murdoch : love this game so much fun to play
sagar kareliya : its a very good control and very good graphic game
crys jhon : cool app and your the best maker
playstore store : need bug fix
clawspy : this game is really great i love it
wilma kristania linata : i like it so much and i really love it so much
jack drakus : playing the game is fun and there is a lot to do in the game
md hridoy : the game is also fine and good grafixe i loved this game or i liked this game
thoufeeq vadakkan : good graphics and good control
a google user : it's easy game & it has nice control
martella asbey : it needs some improvement because at level 5 it is hard to complete it but other than that i think it is amazing game
king basson : playd numba 3 on fb nd it was awesome thiz one looks even beter
maddy avan : world xtreme the most blast and the race of fure and entire the ultimate world like as your dream download now and enjoy the game
rohit holkar : it's downloading speed is very very slow do not download it
elizabeth oppong : but sometimes it glitches
avinna sharma : not yet played. but expecting a nice game play
gulshan kumar : very interesting game is it i loved it , rate it friends
govind govi : we can enjoy a lot its timepass game
a google user : great game you should make more. .
a google user : good graphics. it's very good game
biker boyz : good game love completing levels
jordan buker : good challenge and it's easy to play!
austin b. : fix this ill put 5 stars
a google user : it's good but needs more improve mint
fahim ahmed : this game is good but i can't play it
jonas guide's : good game man but sometimes it don't work
aman singh boparai : it's graphic good it's feel actions
maaz ansari : for my friend to all plzz play this game and share some distribution to all friends and love u kajol ho first show me this game byeee good night and sweet dream love all my friends
misfit dj : very bad game dynamic and flow
zahi alazmi : love it. great graphics. and intresting
syrian american : keep updating. just a bit of bugs. please fix.
a google user : the game isn't bad but also not the best..
eli medina : i think this is an amazing game and i've been playing this game for a while.
sumanth reddy : game but allows playing game boring
djj such : i can't connect my xbox 1to the game i hate this game
thug life : very bad game ans worst game i ever play because we cannot play this on data connection an we cannot save it on data connection
jahanzaib baloch : however you made it it's just wonderful
thor anderson : fun app all around.
imee dela cruz : it,s so really amazing
a google user : it i'll very nice game
dxtc 22 : cool a*s game
vikky badugu : it,0s a very nice game
harsh sheth : good to be a bit more about our services in future. we
arunkumar kammar : that is the highest quality of game and nice pics of the material
sharim khan : good but can be more better!
danish khan danish : i like that game so much good graphics good viechles you people say that its hard game but game without hard is not fun gr8 game
bobby rochford : worst game ever im getting apple that's better
juhi saxena : you download this app. its amazing and andventurus game .
mohd afan : you must decrease required amount of money in play mode and tournament
a google user : lot of cars control and graphics are amazing i love your team who made this
game......
giulio freier : love it when you fall of your bike it's so funny
shyamal das : one word for this game i know is awesome.
amrit dhull : one of the best games ,i have ever played
zaee hunt : this is the best app ever
runu chowdhury : it's good but could be better
sheran arif : awesome game that's y 5 stars
tanishk tyagi : it's better than trial xtreme2
a google user : very much exciting . must play
a google user : it's nice game for bick racing
prosper joseph : i love this game. nice control
nicholas shute : quite a lovely game. well done
yolanda pasha : awesome a little issues but overall awesome
sonu yadav : its glorious
wiib : east or west tx 4 is best
rock suraj : good control and good graphic,or very interesting game
ajahar patel : i would recommend you to download and enjoy it.
sushil kumar : it is very cool game.this game can be palyed on offline
prabin lamgade : it's graphic and easy to play
pawanveer singh : very great gameplay i love it
nikhil saraswat : this game is very good stunts is good try this game
rashmi trivedi : great but some minor issues
tyler mitchell : best racing game i've ever played
a google user : i love this so interesting plz download this game
onil gupta : it's more interesting than wwe immortals
abid hussain : it's the best game ever i have seen and awesome
juned ansari : nice game my brother like this game very much. .#ve it.
dhinesh babu j v : very extremist game
kameka byrd : every time i open app it closes and won't let me play
samir ezzat : it's very good the play is very good
cheryl millergmgi tv kfjfj dr jfhfjvhgh : i think it is awesome because i love the levels and bikes.
a google user : the game is fun and cool to play with people around the world it fun you should have a go of the game as well so have fun playing this game and try to win but when you lose its not that bad so no worries
a google user : cool i'll be in the confame to you soon best wishes
leo mando : i like it cuz it keeps me busy and it's challenging
arun kumar : superb gameplay n grt graphics.
jidzy marnia : it has good graphics,nice stunt
reece hughes : i think it's a really good game
sumanta pakhira : to good.game for all types boy
robert clasher : itz an awesome game.
kalabhirava : nice game. but need improvement
sukhdeep brar : it's a wonderful gift game
aiman khan : it's something just cool
abhishek vanza : pumps up the skills!
jyoti : fantastic game time pass game nice graphic
ug channel : this game is good, but this game is not offline mode!, please add the offline mode in the game please!. thanks!. #need_reply_please!.
julyana estc : good night gamers this is amazing it's a good game
crashodd beverly : this game is awesome y'all need to make a number 5
mikail adriansyah : "i love this game becouse its the beay game on my life!!!"
eileen theisen : it's a fun and easy to get game.
world according to wayne carter : great allround game keep it up.
manoj deshpande : love the game so cool and good i love the game
gopi varak : it is very attractive game good graphics very interested
a google user : don't use all of your money
mamba effect : very good game load very slow
rashad ahmad : its too slow to download but good
nijay davy : stupid trial 3 is freaking way better
yash shah : worst game ever played in my life .
fade yoshi : its a gamers dream come true - and addictive
jatin sakhuja : it's amazing and its graphics are awesome
skyzy : when i buy coins it doesnt show and i cant buy anything!!dont like this game.why do they even make apps like this?
harsha sharma : game like it love it and play it.
basappa b : latest version. awesome graphics. i loved it.
zoraiz hussain : probably one of the best bike game
a google user : this is funny and very interesting games .
a google user : i played all trial x part....so happy for playing game
ahmad ghani : i never seen a game like this before its amazing....*|
veanix 98 : i love the ragdoll character when u crash
devin coe : jutta gg gg tv get the time to give he has go school u c h viva h xxl thus ubuntu unbuttoned old out
jamie mckeown : do not get because it is laggy and bad graphics
roman delahoya : its a very cool game
oneile thwala : it's to cool
seema chowhan : it's a good game time pass
caleb m : it was good too pass time.
vaishakh vs : far better than version 3.
jonathan artale : it's ok but it is cool
the gamer assassin : it's a very good game
lightning mcqueen : it's a pretty good game
a google user : i'm hoping its good though
ramana naik : what a great time killer game very addictive
a google user : the game is too good its graphics is too good the best game
a google user : good game thank you for all.
sagar makwana : it's a good play with game
pavan b : it's awesome i love the game
daghardy21 shred : but sometimes it glitches the most is level 17
imtiaz ahmed shan : it's call awesome game awesome graphic. awesome view. awesome game play. suprv
a google user : its so best game..i like it very very and very much
gabe hernandez : addictive time passer with hilarious rag doll physics 10/10
chaosmarine 159 : it's good but it needs a offline mode for levels
mohd. azam khan : i hate this game's graphics
scott barber : it's okay could be better
derek fleury : it's a very good game for a bike
xavier thompson : fun totally. awesome
nagai news : i love this game this is very addictive ... awesome game
kristofer kondrats : i think its amazing but it would be better if you have infinite amout of space to do tricks like fromtflips ect hopefully you would read my review
revolving gamer : i have no complaints but if you could make it controller compatible thatd be nice because it is originally a consol game but trials is an awesome series i love the game ggg
liam prior : it's ok but could be better
lorrie dennis : it's fun whll u on the road
a google user : very nice game. i love this
xhei ronaldo : its good but need more maps to go...
tuhin ahamed : no comments but its good
sandra guereque : it is even funner than going to knotts berry farm and getting on rollercoasters!!!!!!!!
anil kumar : awesome awesome to see &play with great joy
360noclone trooper : it's the graphics that make it soooooo good
navin kumar : good graphics. good control. love the game. perfect
ricardo cox : no grind no shine hardbody.
abu sayed : it's really a funny game. but it's need money to unlock all level. moreover it's a awesome game
reema khan : you should get it because it is awesome
carson : it is the coolest thing ever
rahul singh : changed my opinion about racing games
samuel gershowitz : game is terrible. wouldn't even download.
gurwinder kaur : game is very cool but boring game
damanpreet singh : super game have invented,
matia edwards : it's awesome i tell everyone i know to download the game
jeet patel : i love to playing this game can't stop playing enjoying game........
a google user : its a very hard game better challenges
a google user : i loved this game .good graphics
jabin flowers : slight glitches, otherwise fun
kamal gusain : so different and existing and challenging game
rafael barbieri : i love too much this game
a google user : wow very nice its a very nice game for time pass
a google user : the game was very hard but the game is very interesting
accountant bharat : i love this game i am very loved game
spooky benwolf : i love it its the best game ever
a google user : this game is graphics very enjoyable this is is best game ever
david pratt : free cool good stuff cool stuff
ab do : i love thise game and i think this is best game ever
arjun nr : awesome...great game i ever played in my life
alfonso : very good game,graphics ,and easy controls
aletha traylor : i love it i love it so much i could kiss it
vijay sharma : very nice game and very grateful game and very good game
vedanth kothari : i tried to install this game 6-7 times.....but everytime aftr it gets downloaded over 50% it shows some error occurred during the downloading process- error 109
harshal pacharne : i like it:it is a very active game
satish inani : the best game of the. bikes
nafiz channel : awesome but need more improvement.
jojo mbugua : needs more free play when offline.
imran shaikh : thanks for all your friends. thank
shea pranks & games ;/ : i love this game 5/5 stars
a google user : i like it because it's a fun game
a google user : great game to play ,good graphics
vikas saini : it's awesome game and is too good
shlock parmar : very brilliant and n,ice graphics
tomal khan : good but game is so different.i like this game
sunil karande : i am going to have a great and safe trip and have a great and safe and sound in the mail today morning at least i can get my hands on your hips and share it with you guys for the day i can do it tomorrow if you are not going to be able to make it is not the same time as the one
inayathb inayathb : i like this game so much
om prakash pramanik : super game best for stunt game lovers must download
tondup dorje : it game is very best but this is very high mb
zakir hussain : this is very good game i like it
lalit sharma : this game is very owsom and than i impress this game
sanu stephen : its better bt little diff to play
abdul azad : this app series will be one of my favourite series
aarti makhija : i think it is the best game in that games that i have seen
ian camling : best game better than any other game
sdkhan khan : cool game i want that all should play this game
nathan taylor : i like it when i complete the levels
a google user : the game is amazing control supper i love thiss game
pari kan : trial extreme 3 is better than trial extreme 4
harshavardhan : i like this game because of the stunt and graphics
dionnie oribabor : best game ever best bikes best tracks and controls
dilip bute : the game is best game i have ever played
a google user : mind blowing this game is very nice of game world amazing
rajnikant verma : a good game i like the game very much
yandel. etanislao : it need work for the levels too easy
a google user : great game you have never play this incridible game
a google user : i only say it is best game i completed it only i am
a google user : very nice controler and best game plz download this game
rock stoner : the game is very very good i loved it
tarang purswani : the best game of bicks and my 11th bick and the best
hafsa irshad : this is a enjoyable game download and play awesome game
david santi : clichy as hell deleted game good game till it started this
mahendra prajapat : very very nice game and graphics are also very good
a google user : nice game but levels are hard but i like it
bradley guidry : game wont load past the start disappointed
ch usama : this is a good game good time pass i like it
a google user : i just love it i think it is best game for me
a google user : this game is fablous i relay interested to play this game
a google user : good game really good game i love them
suresh kumar official : i love you this game
a google user : good game but different stages of game is not started
don't touch my phone : oh my god this game is so cool
syed saif : its very very nice and perfect game for me
jiyad ahmed : super graphics cheats everywhere wonderful game
n n ojha : the best game i ever play
analese ruru : i love this game its my favourite game ever
bhupendra rajput : very good but needs a new level
nishant trivedi : very nice game try once again
a google user : cool and verry best game nice game i love it
a google user : it is very very intresting game for me i am paras
shelby viola : this game is cool make number 5 of this game
m usman : this game is very awesome i loved it realy i loved it
kanha kumar : very nice game it min i love this game
amir butt : its amazing i liked to play this game again and again
vanessa carreiro : this game is the best i love cats and that game ahahahahahhaa
#iambittoosharma : this game is awesome
adriano oroz : this game so funny because this best game ever
pankaj mehrol : wow i like this game so much
shivam pandey : i think that this game was the best stunt bike game in this country
a google user : the have to improve more and more but game was nice
kulsoom zehra : its soooo much interesting game
abid bhat : good good very good game in the world
jassyondat willams : this game is the best game ever
aman agrawal : osam game everyone to play this game sweet and best game
jeevaz sheejan : bad controlling,not interesting
pranav kumar : very interesting game .. target is very perfect
krispy : great game but takes alot of space
akay arvind : awesome game i loved it so much .it is a incredible game
alfred white : because i couldn't download it
mpumelelo jabulany : its awesome its like u ar in th zone plying two players i love this game
nehal khan : please don't download it friends,game will not start after the download...nothing it is simply waste of time as well as waste of data....!!!!!! trial xtrm is much much much better than this #rubbish......!
live gamer : my phone is gay i would love to play it
tejas pandey : world largest boring game it to boring crazy wheels is the better
venomoussugar 77 : have this on the 360 and it's better
saq lain : awsome graphics just loved it
a google user : it's a awsom game, down lode it
ullas shenoy : y these much mb
safi al hasib : older version is much better than that
james richardson : like concept more features need to.added
savage _gamer : this game is easy to control it is cool
mubin sherkar : graphics away some. addicted
a google user : i don't know about this game
brian : just terrible. honestly
the gaming channel : it is so good you made the graphics so good it is so eddicting
camden stephenson : wastes your time...but its fun!
a google user : this is the best one in my opinion.
md imran : good graphics and time killer game.
daniel hallinan : can't get enough of it
yejat cabrera : let's talk about it when i play
sanjay singh : it's graphics is very good
imanuel l andino : this is an awesome game in my life.
minesh bhatt : world's best game forever.
li'ai leiataua : it's really awesome
payam zare : love it. so good for galaxy note 4.
vijaya lakshmi : thrilling game ever and very addictive
naveen kumar lal : best bike game with excellent graphics
surya teja : i like this game.this is very challenging game.
ryan tate : i love this game. best way to pass time
the one and only crazy curtis : this is epic and you can do eerie epic stunts!
desaivevo : but graphics need to improved and by the way there are some framedrops even i have a 3gb phone 3 so please get on that
chittaranjan deka : its really unbelievable addictiv game awsm gfx.....good gravity
ismail mohammed zikriya shaikh : this is the actual gaming appp
kathy hayes nigga : very fun argue with my friends about playing it
digvijay yadav : wanted to give more stars but couldn't : (
the roses : terrible game but it's addicting
masarat fatima najafi : the first time in the 2017 game in history i like
ren ver : i have all the game part in android
carlton seymour : best game ever it is so fun
santhosh santhu : nice game but the bikes has to change
kemmani morgan : this game is awesome with those bikes
jadell geary : best game of my life time
amine momano : is the best i aver see it
kiran makwana : it is neatest restatement festest
a google user : nice game but not plays before
mizta guru : its a good past time fr me
a google user : i like it it is very good and popular game
shivam : controls are good mission is tough but loved this
anila bilal : good luck to get on level sea
a google user : its amazing and i love it too much
aafaq ansari : great graphics best gameplay ever loved it
mitch moulday : it good but xbox one buter
a google user : awesome thanks for developing such a great game
vikas kumar kumar : the game is fabulous but it can be better
golden shutter : this is the one that is the best game ever
girish kumar : its great game and loved very much
abby vanderhyde : i hope you get this game
prasanta mukherjee : good game high graphivs poor pngttyhbvdaergv
nina christensen : i kinda liked the third one more
anand flowerdecorators : all of you pls download the game
austin bruner : needs a little work tho
hazeem shan : i never se like this graphics
rupinder padda : cuz of stunts
heyitsnathan : make better games with this 5 star rate
heather harris : best game ever better than motocross
a google user : add some more new vechiles in this game
mr. devil : it was the best game i have played ever
aryan : very nice game and the graphics is too high
satvir aujla : i love this game
boho chic : it a good fame for a very long journey
nangsan kharkongor : its very fun and addictive
a google user : what a nice graphics oh my god
erison minaj : best trial extreme game ever
arif najwan najwan : i love thia game vary much
brendon brito : stunning graphics embedded pure thrill
neelam das vaishnav : not so bad good graphics
clare inwood : this game is awsome get it now
ethan burk : really fun compliments the series
lindsay cunningham : i think this game is really good x
gawd trillaa : the best i finished it 3 times
joseph bercier : just need better things
suhail khan : this is a fabulous game liked it very interesting
kai penis : this is a free fun game and i love it
blocking cubes30 : that is koo that game
shyama gupta : nice app but many ads are there
ashu matoo : should get more better in these mbs
rahul yadav : a nice and better game to play
a google user : it is really good and nice
coon network : this game is very challenging
food table : would give 0 stars but cant
a google user : raja t for great hf have nice
jordan barua : work on graphics
kemar graham : need more easier ways to earn cash
au : awesome game i had ever played
sukhwinder singh : good game all previous parts are to good
amal jose : verygood game good graphica and its challenging
a google user : very nice game everybody should download
jahangir khan : this game play and graphic very beautiful
suhana parween : this is wonder full game specialy this stunts
maximums nitro boy : its good but its solw to load
bilal saeed : very nice game love it
vance leonard : i played number 3
khurshid kausar : it e is a great game it is agret gam
utkarsh narula : it has more graphics and too much
eric robb : i think this game revolutionized racing
shashi bhushan aggarwal : best game it should be in top 10 games
bailey burke : amazing game best out of all the others
asif yt : awsm game full time pass superb
krishna goel : i think that it is a good game and everyone play it
pramod choudhary : good game of the most popular shows on android
pooja sahajwani : for whom who loves stunt games
rachda rachda : this is a badass game ever
neil ytk : cool game i love it so much
priyadharshini atthuluri : awesome but not more than 3
alex whelan : i love tis game so much
christopher davis : it is the bestest game i ever played
lakshey nautiyal : these is good game you can download
tathagat kumar : i think nice game for time pass
osama dandees : i like this game very interesting
mikel jonson : loved it so much awsome work
amir shahabi : it is good game but hard
rajeev kumar : which is the best game on google play store
sai teja : its really awesome game superb creation
utkarsh pandey : its good but want more improvement
ainan shah : this game very much
zain paras : good work make graphics more better
sarah emerson : this game is awesome and it makes time fly
dtm : does this game work with meizu m3 note
a google user : i love thiz game sponser me
robert sannicolas : this game is awesome i love the graphics
axel playz : love it every one should have the game
shellshocked : this is an awesome game with good ragdoll physics
rajesh barve : this game is good but not that much goodz
ashish tiwari : this game is good
dev patel : i love this game so much and proud of it
donjerell hughed : i enjoy and also my son too
mohd hasnain : 4th part is good i like it
aditya shinde : racing is high 3d star
jayashree salunkhe : best game iam playing in my life
rathod virendra : this game was great ever i seen
bhaiya g : best game in the bike race
drayden bataya : dude most awesome u guys created
joshia love : unicef has a
marshall law : is awsome cool graphics
ajay kumar : best game in its level category
amrish : best game that i had ever played
selva bhaarathi : amazing superb control and graphics awesome gam
junaid khan : its the best bike racing game online
a google user : it is very best game good graphics
kasaan tv : really cool game
a google user : it i think this game is pretty good
a google user : you can also be used to be a good time to
madhan reddy : nice game i played ever superbb
a google user : my think is your game is so good
gage anthony : this game is awesome
babbu saab : very nyccc game graphics are so coool
sharmila patil : the game is awesome i like the update
k vinothk kumar : very very nice this game i like this
a google user : this game is the best it never glitches
sahil gouri : awsome games and good time pass
dane shelton : i havent played it yet and it looks fun
jinal vaity : addictive game good graphics must install
catherine thompson : its ok but not great graphics
ginuri ranasinghe : it certainly must improve
sifan ffffi : very nice game not boring at all
joseph mukesh : i like this game as my love
adrian marzette : its a cool bike game very challengeing
bharath chandra : this is good game but more ads
nicholas shipp : i love this game it is awsome
poppa next : they go fast
a google user : nice game very challenging and hard leval
nayabali shah : the game was really good and time pass
arson miller : i love the game cause the graphics
the lifestyle ad : its a lovely game i love it so much
rubul kumar : its too much good to play games
a google user : this game is awesome but do better
a google user : very nice game that i have ever plyed
digga car meet : best game i will ever go on
demi ty : by far the best motorcycle game yet
kiran patil : more features should meet our needs
sandhya yadav : awesome very good graphics and easy control
bhuvan : the game will be awsome
a google user : great but control is needed to more improvement
a google user : very good game then my fault
harry wilson mcgill : i like this game its fun
nobody ever : well it is wow nice to have
fredy ramos : it is awsome i have had it since i was 7
dawntrell scruggs : get this game so awesome
addict : beacuse is very fantastic
a google user : good game but need improvement in display
a google user : like to see if the game
uvile vinjwa : i like this game because it looks nice
brian zimbelmann : i love is game so much yes
adrian cooke : not overly gd
awadhesh kr. singh : nice game but controls must be better
a google user : good game but too much space
akshit mahajan : best game ever its very addictive
ranjan kumar : great game but online is not open
dan razin : its the best timekiller
umang dharamshi : its good but graphic should be more
ajay singh : nice graphics and challenging game and nice bikes
pranav makharia : waitin fr more cool updates
andrew king : i love this game it is awesome
blackout 402 : awesome graphics and gameplay
a google user : fun playing for everybody
wreck playz : i think this is great wow good graphics and stuff
rohit raghuwanshi : cool game nice grapich download now
a google user : this is a best game og th bike
a google user : it a nice game to play all day
lincoln footit : the ramp are the best
ntgio : u can make graphics more real
md king : i trust its a good graphics gamepaly
byron blakes : the best game i ever played
jayden roberts : mad game rate 5 stars
linda wells : when i love that was church and state
tommy permana : but i think it a such game
abin george : this one is the best game ever i played
umashankar p : very cool and simply mindblowing
mehmet ozturk : because i have all of the moterbikes
ftm juul : fucj mata to be a little more of an old friend who is
a google user : very nice gam playing very esliye
jenifer webb : good game but needs better update
arnab duuta : graphics top class and game play good
bella rose : omg yes my total fav
nick peacock : it is so fun to play
maria gonzalez : this game is so cool
terren daniels : really really awsome
abhimanyu ssgss4 : superb but needs some good graphics
edwin cuevas : it is very cool and extreme
blac jesusyt : thanks for sharing your thoughts about it
srag gs : try it it is very cool
advaith g : superb game every one should play
muhammad ahmad : its a cool game a+ graphics
aditya kushwaha : very cooll game
mahafuzur rahaman : the game is better but the size is to big
soul edits : best of other 3 games
vasko dimitrov : super mega best games ever created
kunal roy : game graphics are osm i love this game
yaqub de villiers : its good but lacks in ad removing
ashok kumar : it is too beautiful one its good i like it
pradeep lonley 7 : always asking internet connection
al capone : alcatraz prison is better than this
sudeep sudeep : super awesome game ever i played
syed khadri syed : thanks for creating app director thnkd
bishal paul paul : i liked it brothers and sis osm game
samarth nihale : thanks to google play
andie dufresne : it is not the game you want
alex beavers : good but i need more coins
matthew douas : passes time and so addictive
appunny ck : i love all extreme bike racing
vaibhav sharma : this game is good but much of mb
shashwat duratkar : previous versions was good than this
certified 0 1 : it was good but the graphics arnt the best
yogesh kumar : mast game never played yet
damian : very fun game cheese
a google user : r sala chas this isbveey good
alex : loved it its a good game should downlod
roshaan : good graphic but it reset automaticly
ankit tripathi : very nice play it
sardar hanan sardar : it is a good game best graphics ever
a google user : it a really nice game for anyone to play
butterworth : awesome for secret rase
tyler games and vlogs 101 : very good game always will have it
a google user : its the best dirt bike game ever
a google user : best game than all xtreme games
a google user : it is good me and my dad race on it
aksh oberoy : that game is very nice and fantastic fabulous
prabjot singh singh : cool game i really like it
subash ghising : i love this game very much
ghazi fans : it was nicee plz make trail extreme 5
a google user : its a great game add more levels
abhay raghav : control is great and makes the game easy to play
sal-v savage : i am a gamer and for a bike game this is awesomeness
kennedy ejifugha : awesome i you should download this game
anila ahmed : i love it it is the best
kay kay : hat hat
mansi singh : good game but not fix thid
swampdonkeys teamracing : well built game needs better graphics
lettitxia garcia : it is so fun
erin hoyer : good and challenging but in all its great
rishikesh c : i think this would be the best cycling game
jayakumar pillai : this is the most beautiful game in my life
patricia drew : this is the best game ever
jacob nieto : saw my friend play it and i loved it
red devil : it is a good game you should get it
cruel intentiions : check out my band haddonfield
piyush nimbalkar : wow vere nice game i love it
pushpendra thakur : good hmm very good game
chintan m : very nice game
abhay bajpai : its so cool and its oswm game
suvarna colonythanda : very good stunts r very nice
mini chintu : nice game but should improve controls
niren23 oraw : this game is very amazing
a google user : i like this game because it is nice
thetech guy : nice game better then the previous version
dean bolding : best motorcycle game iv ever played
ross dickey : i just really love this game a lot
a google user : nice and so interesting game all time
dhirendra tamrakar : very interesting and also working is so good
daisy daisy khan : very good game you should try it
ray songs : all that i need to say is..."the creators of this awsome game should receive an award...very fun game....love it!!
sid_37 ket : beware it's like alcohol very addictive ....over all best game in racing
rajnish kumar : it is a very good game for my.think i like this game very much
aniket kamble : one of my favourite games ...i just loved it ...i have played tx 1;2;3 n 4 is the best one f them
jason zambriski : great game to pass along the time!
travis read : the best game ever @yolo
sayan paul : best bike game for good graphics.
zac morrison : haven't even played it yet
steven ameigh : throttle button won't work
a google user : controls are not so good .
tarun pari : it is the game, i love
a google user : it's fantastic game of the world zhhdm
loudez lucky : if the controls are better it i'd best
richard sagaser : there could be more revealing outfits.
waqar : idiotic game but very good
billu rocks : it's also crazy
david davis : it's a great game with good graphics
a google user : this game is very important very very nice game i love it this game
andrei galusca : that's a good game and nice graphics
apache salazar : good graphics shud make more.stunts
jim moore : doesn't load at all highly disappointed
a google user : hi, this game is very awesome,
dylan lucas : it's a great game it's fun asf
sachin kherde : verrrrrrrrrry. nice
aritra adak : thats amazing game .i loved it.
jesus gonzalez : very cool game.
elisabeth civil : that game is so cool.
anand patel : download itt
ritwik thakur : it is a very nice game
ashraf ibrahim : not work on my xperia z -_-
jason : absolutely boring.
abhijeet yadav : it's very interesting game
devansh singh : it's a great game for android devices
dewa gurung : it's good game. i like this game
marshmallowguy 7 : cool better than #3 bru
neb nebble : won't download just says error code 901!!
raeed anwar : plz update the new update for dell kitkat! plz
aakaash rajesh : this app has new level ever since it got updated.....it s a must app to be downloaded.
madhan raj : i loved this game it's very superb
mohammed azaharuddin : it is a very nice and osom in play...
anil verma : suprb graphic and amazing game...am loving it
md munna : hard but a good time killer
a google user : very nice game and good graphics
nithin sai : loved the game ...
mahesh mehra : trailx game is my best game.
vansh !! : time passing game good game for vacation
shayan's channel : it's okay i love this game
todd seawright : it's so hot it melted my phone
rebecca jackson : the best game i've ever played
piyush anant : i like it this game.this is a very popular game
a google user : technical skills are a good thing about th it is not a
chirag sawlani : it,s very wonder fully game
muhd ezzuan : this is fun but i want and update!
outro channel : it is great to play! i love this game
a google user : it's very fun to play when you bored
shaylee weldon diaz : this game is addictive ..... it's easy but also challenging ...... and also has good grafics
subhangi das : very good game for racers z
ashton depetro : bla bla bla ads... pay pay pay... next lvl.. i swear this is one of the worst games i have ever played. it's glitchy it's fake. the jump button doesn't work. i don't even know why others like this game.
manish soni : this game is very much good this game is very much good and i loved it very much
cheeky beeky : is cool but sometimes people cheat
kion alexander alexander : #beast game sick
pintu kumar saawariya : this game is really a entertaining and enjoying.
akshat ahluwalia : my experience of dis game is good..nice maps... the best part is the ramps..... loving it...
cooper : very challenging and fun. great game.
balbir prasad : best game after shadow fight 3
kielan hinds : hope a number 6 comes out
killer ms gaming : what a game i love it .
sushi : i bet this game is cool! :3
fraoul : please download my ggame thhis ggame wreck ? mmmy phhhonephone und ich habe mich auch schon
saville bonnet : this game is awesome! johnny told me that the game is having 166 mbs!!####
a google user : if you have a problem about the ads just turn of the wifi!!! i game is awesome!!!!
yuvan karthik : nice but... it's get bored....
nanda kishore : it's very fantastic game very interesting
sangga arasy : such nice graphics!! excellent games, keep it up :)
umar jan : tiers are not good.. they seems to be in road but not on the road.. plz make it more good.. we can't feel the tiers...
daniel estrada : its a really coop game
mohamed awad : it's a good idea to make this game
clifton : install was slow but nice game
a google user : good thing form this game stutd
suryangshu chakraborty : one of the best games after clash of clans
rahul mishra : it is very good game . i like this game very much
a google user : i like this game. it is a good and existing game.
raju raj sah : this game is very interesting game. it has very nice
a google user : awesome, addictive, and fun game to play
mahesh c : excellent graphics and running smoothly interface
fahad arifin : mother chit motherry has as game banniwassa votta paso
omar wafik : i used to play this game two year ago it was fun guess i will find out if it actually changed much but it was awesome back in the day
kevin rodriguez : love the game and your other one's.
jason preston : i love this game it's so fun i have this game in the ps4
jfendiireacts : clash of clans is better than this game
rajeswaran r : it's an nice game and am enjoying this game
kobus pretoruis : i downloaded it 8 times today and still nothing it worked once and now its not working i have lost 2 gb data for a game wat dusnt work
sayem789 islam : nice game exellent plss ddownload this game.
onkar wajage : it should be hd. there should be no cheating
mathew michael : this is very awesome game.i like it
a google user : this game biker is stunter i like this game
siddnagoda biradar : this game was osam it was very nice game l love this game
a google user : i like this game and this game is very very nice and i tell all download this game
joyal sunil : this game is to much good game i love this game too much
deepak meena : a game that we say racing game
a google user : this game is is very beautifull game friends please install this game okay friends
a google user : very very very very good game all download this game and be happy
syed azeem : best bike game i have ever played.....very good graphics...everything is alright no fixtures have to be done...
gavin stephen : hardcore but very fun
rishabh jha : best game and it's levels are hard and challenging
kikatokiari : not such amazing graphics
shabab wasi : need motion controls instead of< >
jared teles : they can make a graphic reduction for los devices? thanks!!
ratan deep : it's very tuff game it's fantastic
kwaistar marwein : seeing everyone comments i was happy and i downloaded it..
janie herald : not the best but pretty good
moldovan aly : i like write a short review
shaibaz sayyad : it's very very nice game to play
a google user : it is time pass game.
leola macdonald : i love this game fun to play for fun and for when i'm bored
shabs excellence : it's superb and enjoyable for time passing. nice. love it. happy for it <3!
a google user : i like how you can unlock your bikes and cusramize them
arco curry : challenge to being a champ to got goal for gold a
raymond garcia : not spending money to beat the first tournament level
aswin deleep : it needs internet for playing and is same as the earlier trial extreme 3
lucy bagshaw : i have been waiting all night to innstall it bord
rehmi khan : my facebook account is rehmat ullah hamedi please sent request
bsalkc v : i didnt like the way game is served
a google user : it seemed alright but the game had a little to many adds
erick john macatantan : idont no how to paly it but im exaited
a google user : how do i download this game without using wifi connection
sreedhar rekha : we cannot play construction level please keep for it free
riya rani : hhdbdihduygjdnfbjf dustin 5 old are you too baby so far this
jared payne : can the people who made this game contact me
keith brenda balch : its ok but not something i would look forward to playing
arun kumar : i have attached my updated profile with this mail for your reference
dhairya kachhy : very very nice game i loved it
vairamuthu jawahar : superb! game love it.
reason : this is wonderful,best,good and omg
ayush shah : it's very nice and it's graphics are the best
arena of wtf : i like this game. i want to love it
brandon allman : i'm love it aredy and i just got it
abdullah shaikh : it's enjoying game i love this game
pub lite game play : nothing it is ver y bad don't do it
eklavya raj : it is very very lovely game playing is impossible
mayur raval : better game, best cool graphics and best game
a google user : i love it it's just very interesting game
a google user : i think it is a good. game it is very fun
bob foy : it's a great game but is a battery sucker
crazy gaming lover : this game r so funny & interesting
a google user : it's ok but extreme 3 is better
ttv yandereuwu : cool if you like racing games
shiffali bansal : what a great game soo good
ketan solanki : it's amazing game. i would like & love it
mahfuz alam : i love this game so much:-)
a google user : nice game absloutly, awesome and amazing game
a google user : the game awesome no words to describe it
jack gordinier : horrible game don't get it waste of time
hemanth rc : it's nice game this is asowan game
shelly mlsna : it was really good 10/10
vivek mishra : this.game is good but it is much costlier to unlock levels
talha afzal : i love this game
prachi bharatbhai tailor : this is world best game.
argha biswas : this game is outstanding, extreme game . i loved this game
christina crews : it takes forever to download and it takes up so much memory space
a.g android : it's very nice game but that is the problem that we can not play it multiplayer|!!!!!!.......
archana dave : awesome graphics.nice levels.exiciting game&amazing stunts
garden teck : it is a very good game. it has high graphics which is 400 mb game has . it is a intresting game thrilling....... \(--)/
pattabhiramarao prasadam : i love this game and time passes game.
saif khan : i loved it guys because it's awesome
the doc tv : this is by for most the best game ever.
a google user : hello wheysysujsgsisbsgishsvsisj. this is amazing game in the history
pramesh gurung : i like this game.alway make like this game.
tarun agarwal : got very much addicted
santosh birje : good graphics cool game .i request the game.
a google user : this game is fabulous, excellent,outstanding.
omar jack : @ least it has better graphics than #fifa16
nathan graham : good little game
marco amb : just a racing game, it's not really a trials game, just ok
red smarr : handle the lag isssue to make it perfect
shahid arsh : good but not better than
jawed ali khowaja : this is good but very difficult
a google user : ya this is a game like johny johny yes papa
a google user : what s game it is i like this game so much demmedya inc
shah sanskar : nice but some changes required
holt hendershot : awesome game, would request it for bmx lovers
yash malav : it is nice game. when i play it looks like real.
jose garcia : this game is awesome yo awesome
guerlande placius : free smile
ritik gusain : nice game #cool graphics #*loved its multi-player mode
a google user : it's not just a game
ruby hember : adictive
santhosh kumar : the game have some pending
satish chouhan : not support in asus zenphone 5
joshua carroll : take s to long to install
swati jaiswal : it take 1 hour to download
sks sks : please upload trial x 5
shabbir ansari shabbir ansari : very incliging game iam kaushan
renuka talhar : but you to transform it in a new way
a google user : ave it thats only i can say
edwin diju : fanta stick to the in fiction nonfiction mysteries
cj lynch : had to restart whole phone
unusual hacker : guys the app is not opening yet
a google user : create more games like this
avinash gondwar : asome game
fiaz hussain : why it takes long network for downloading
gabe wood : to much money to upgrade
jack patel : this app cannot be installed
ahsan shamim : please make more games like this
tonye penn jr. : you need a streetbike in the game
stevie norris jr. : i think they should have aliens
a google user : this is the most estupide game in the world
sunny sharma : i like this game so much
jyothi kannan : but he dies with show
kris okeefe : its the same game as the 3
walter guerrero : by book was
devinder kaur : the game was awsomme
abdul samad : super game but something is missing
a google user : subscribe my channel techno guy
a google user : awh put some naked girls in
lil ruckss : this is makes my bran hurt
nitro banana : who here found this on facebook
ranjith ranju : i want to play realy
lead foot racing co. : game sucks donkey balls
akasyah muhamad : waw bess gile download lah
a google user : i will probably play it everyday
alfredo garcia : level 18 and 19 is hard
a google user : it is the shityest game ever invented
a google user : it just so on driving app
jason young : just trying to help the company out
krish l : too many adds all the time
matt rutledge : could make all the motorcycles free
nanbot bros : takes up too much storage
nandha gopal : the boss
mustaq ahmed : took more time to install sucks
vip._.ul harad : please make game type of adventive
suman panigrahi : this game is awosame i like it
jai kumar civil : i like this game very much
cory johnson : will not lode up
iron wolf's dad : tell us what you think about the game
shruti agrawal : its not shruti its shreyash
isha tiwari : you must install this game
rhys grimes : it takes for ever to connect
saurabh patil : i am going to installing this game
dhirendra girjaprasad dubey : this game is very adventures type
betty west : tamba bay lost by a touchdown ugg
god zenitsu : it is the most bhadiya game ever
rathod brijesh : the only one game i like
brian c : game sucked was not programmed well
kokki kumar : share all friend
ollie tullett : and all of i is balls
a google user : this game is 380 mb over
hridoy ahmed : its so much complex game
a google user : i just think it was real game
vijaya kumar kumili : i like this game so much
jahmai troope : it takes way too megabytes
praveen justin : nyc but too many ads
vibin appus : adipoly game entammoooo polich o
swsti sawargaonkar : very well game you create
sagar tiwari : takes too much time to download
jay parab : i think that this game is is very interestin
sandeep sangione : it takes so long to download
a google user : ok but not agood graphics
anoop sivadas : this game is a real xtreme 4
shabna anwar : bst game evr plyed
a google user : faltu hai only time pass
a google user : its not working in my mobile
neel r patel : it ls awosome game
lee shifflett : the game wont load at all
kimberley ralph : i a wast of time trust me
close to mortem : no words to say aweaome game
anjelika padilla biniam : horiblea
a google user : the game which is not to play to timepass
jordan watson : buttons did not click right
dot morgan : the first week of bike school
a google user : wow ye toh baker hai
tamanna roll no. 100 : i think this this is fabulesssssssssss game in the world
swaraj shetye : cannot open another app
danial hisyam : this game so goob i like
jason warrior : because i had played manu times
a google user : asommm game i lovdd it so cooll
shankar kunwar : i like to rate this aap as billions stars
ghost killer : i could rate this game a zero
kevin gaming : i donlowded the game and it eas osem
ashok deo : attach ucla slack watchful
dimple rathi : thanks you for first time as
harsh kothari : i like this game very much
mohammed aqib : no one should play is game
a google user : super game that i played ever
a google user : 3 only to be suportive
leland brown : the game is asome make more
gur inder : osm graphics but size is toolarge
a google user : supar game but not dwonlod
raghul ilanchezhiyan : is this game is net or online games
querino da silva : weed every day
alysa hespen : theres to much ads
yuvraj chandravanshi : bst game played ever lov it
abhimanyu : i think i should play this game
joshua_ williams_057 : boost bost bot bt b
candice morgan : i like all the trials games
brayden poop : this is just like trials fusion
jashan preet : old game download new version
sunita davi : real hd quality with real stunt
sanjev : the bikes needs more wheels
karla miralda : i cod not get in the gane
pramod bhangare : i like this game very much
philip kelly : my friend was playing and was in the hair and died
muhammed rashin : we want trial xtreme 5
kenneth sebastian : this game is abot ride bbikes
choudhary shaab : good but some changes required
joshua lewis : good games it s a good games download this games ok .
rishabh : coolest game in this world... based on physics . real biking experience..
mansoor jabbar : i love this game ..it's has good control and graphics.
a google user : this is in my top 3 games defiantly
asif khan : nice bt consumed very large space
guru deep : perfect game. but, please....... i need blood effort . can you do this for me
akshay dwivedi : this game is good but ads are making this game worst game
gurung saugat : need to improve some graphics and the place...
frank mcdonagh : nathan and i will be in the galway chamber of the samsung galaxy note edge style the samsung galaxy note edge style the samsung galaxy
shubham kulkarni : must download, time killer game
dani zahoor : it's addictive and very best racing game
jim hodge : won't even launch useless waste of space
ranjan kr. nath : enjoying ,thrilling etc
jesus ortiz : about to download the game.
azrin syawal : good game.previous this game not best but this game really best
subrata goswami : i think nothing about games ha!
shambhu kumar : but also bad game
vlairre : i'm a player of txm 1,2 and 3 and now i quit in all of them because of this :) :3 good job
david : won't load, never will it load.
stoner ferret : doesn't meet my standards in graphics and whatnot.
gavyn martin : make a anther game plz thanks :)
brandon farrant : i love this game it is anoying but addicting.
noel zaldivar : it is the neatest game since my old game.
solanki piyush : it's really cool
king 101 : it is awesome because it is tricky and easy
stym solanki : it's nice but it is high mb game
a google user : it's would have more be upgraded
roni kelley : it's fun to play
bill steiner : i can't play it keeps crashing
a google user : it's the best game i ever played
ankit sharma : earn 1000 rs daily. contact me on whatsapp 83494,48588.
muhammad usman shahbaz : wonderful game of the day for me.
a google user : very good graphics and it's best game of world
a google user : it's the most fantastic and very pressure game
doctorflexit : it was trash but fun to play
danish ali : not so nice but that is cool
santhosh ng : super challenging game my bast game
ravindra karankal : i like it beacuse it is change my mode of playing games just like it is change my mode of life it is like a dream of you it is a dream of me it is like dream of me in my life it is the best game in the world i think it is the extreme part of 4th thank you you have to speak this game installed to this game you have also like that is a that is the favourite of me
king av : good game thnx for making !!
emir umit kocabas : i think this game is very good i liked it
meena khandelwal : good game but bad graphics
kagia kiarie : whoa aint this a hell of a ride... and so inmersive... really triggers deep
thinking...j love difficult games !-)
ali : nic game. but 3 was better
yustin melo : you have to pay to play
tony scott : its good but kinda hard
johnwilson mandru : by this game the mobile getting heat
hiro gaming : this game has very good graphics.awesome game if you want a good bike
game...download it guys....
moziburrahman mekrani : nice to have a good time
kenth tam estares : excellence keep up the good work
eng.marawan mohamed : i need update it say couldn't download on usb or
shashank yadav : it should more amazing and fight with other
shivam bhardwaj : love this kind of game.abd this game is very very good
abdul rehman : it's not just good it's best
yash : it's a good game but it is very costly
a google user : it's a good game but it is very costly
a google user : a good game to get terrified with
shyam brij yadav : it's a good game having much xtreme
gamerboy ftw : it's amazing i play it all the time
rahul jain : one of my favourite game.
lee plaskett : i won't load right witch is a shame
j garvie : it's like the best game ever
nature ututaonga : great another good game i'm downloading
kailash nath : it is best game . please download it
rejina haqur : it's a great game please install
a google user : it's graphics are best of all games
kick ass : and it looks cool to me
darshan gowda : nice but not too good.liked it
coolclay 79 : love this game glitchy update though
ryan onionsryan : good game but very glitchy
a google user : terrific what's going to 7 angry
a google user : i like biking because it's really cool
juscallmebea : thank you for making it.
kundan lodhi : i like this game because of it's different swag
haris abbas : loved it and too much addicted to it
a google user : good graphics good control good game every thing is good
a google user : you should improve the controls, according to me
a google user : it's very fun to play when bored
nevaeh crider : cool and it don have any glitches
vani boo : pretty ok not that great but is good
a google user : not a nice game.it is a superb game
anurag sharma : very nice game plz download and enjoy the game
girish menon : the game was good and had many many ads
jagdish bhagat : do you know you is great in wporl ok
pugal cruze : its vry nice game vry challenging
vishal bhat : nice game and very good graphic enjoy this game
sanchit bansal : it is so nice i love it it is so cool
indrajit roy : the graphics of this game are too cool
awsome 2907 : this game is so awsome bros
darmani benjamin : i think this game is very nice
anantha moorthy : it is very excited game
travon toliver : this is a very cool game to play
waseem s : very very very good game in the world
rajkumar rajkumar : later versions are great addictive and this is also so addictive
new songs 2021 : wow so nice game i love this trail game
om chaskar : it has multiplayer nice game
neha dhatkar : this game has nice graphics nice control
sushant sawant : this game is wonderful to play
a google user : i think the game will be the best game in the world
prince chaurasiya : this is very nyc game and i love this game
taveon calhoun : i love it the best game created
meenakshi sharma : this game is best in this world
a google user : i like the game very nice game try it
danimol danimol : its a training game but it is very intresting game
shaikh samir : this is very nice but very large app
live flame king : very good game you can try the game
sudeer rawal : graphics is so nice and best game
sahil shaikh : this game was awesome its mindblowing i love this game
chanda gupta : i like this game it a cool game
balveer ch : i think its a good game try this game
lakhya jyoti senapoti : better graphic s and better then other s
zachary hunter : i loved the game it really cool
magdalene yanguba : new to this game so far so good
angelo magbanua : its really fun and addicting
a google user : i think it was a tuff game i really liked it
hassan baig : the graphics of the game are good and i love this game
a google user : game is good high memory and high quality game
jordan stief : u would love it
gabe medlock : its hard though
madan deshpande : it is so much nice game
a google user : i play 1 version of this game and i love his game
sebz obf : i am downloading the app i hope is good
javion hardaway : thinks for the awesome game
android gaming : i love this game because because it is but glass
aryan gupta : very nice game you want play this game
a google user : but this game mb is so big
a google user : super game everyone must download i enjoyed the game
kaden ganer : this is so cool it is so talented
pakno kaaa : its very challenging i love this game
al bilal : in this game there is nothing worst game ever
susan and darrell thomas : thanks really good game thanks
kris flynn : great game to play fun and competitive
nisar ahmed : this game is owsem please try this game
a google user : this game is very good game i loved it
gautam agrawal : what alovely game i love this game very much
logan myers : really fun good graphics good bikes
michelle heard : when i first played this game it was awsome
a google user : this game is the best game that i ever played
husen patell : gerat game control very nice i love this game
char dham : thanks for your help in making a decision
paw paw paw paw : i have this on my xbox 360
devang bhanushali : awesome game class graphics i love this game
a google user : this is interesting game and great time pass game
neezytv : it's good but glitches once in a while
noah beech : just crashes but it is good
aman choudhary : it is a very good game.....,and plzzzzzz i want trial extreme 5.
franz ferdinand : it shut off automaticly before he runs
willie prado : who ever made this game sucks dick cause the game does
zaheer ud-din : but plz add some more characters and bikes in the game
krypton tech : guys you did it the best bike racing gamekeep it up
aman choudhary : this is nice games . graphics r good
luis cardenas : it's a good game it fun and cool
zino igbide : awesome game. i love it
samuel dasaolu : speechless but make moneymaking easier
andy scot : best game ever, very addictive
ariel negron : an amazing experience.
a google user : it's amazing they should make another
akhil jose : nice game and interesting graphics
asif tamboli : very nice garfics. and easy to handal
city hotel management institute karad karad : it is very good game. you play this game
mohit thakkar : open only 20 stage in 1st level and do not open 2nd and 3rd level...... its require $ 1.99.....then what to do me?
karan sah : this is very good game ...i love this game
codename asero : this game is an idiot game u dicks stop playing this gameeee
a google user : very fun game and time killer game, challenging game and good grapics....cool
shoaib mohammed : very interesting game good graphics
carlos rodriguez : good game down lode it
vrinda shokeen : i love this game very much
tahir minir : good graphics and great game
awesome person : i love a challenging game
tiwana williams : hey the bikes are cool
bolly no1 : i like it this a aswme app good graphic
ss skgod : great game with awesome graphics
taxipixi albilad : awsome graphics i love this game
ajay akash : nice game to play and great graphics
bobby rajput ff : game should having amazing graphic
a google user : i love it pain win and more pain
pratik patodiya : i rated only one star because i can't rate it zero or in minus stage..
namiko santos : words cannot describe how awsome this is
dremobb dremobb : it won't gas right
chetan sharma : this game is very awesome and it's graphics are very clear
a google user : it's a best game for racing and it has good graphics
southsiidekid : no points for flips
a google user : so great on my iphone
a google user : its great but the graphics sucks
nikki drennen : dude this game is crazy fun
bivek kumar shah : keep up the good work
a google user : best cycle racing game ever
funny clips/pranks the wildernesstm : i love every detail of this game
jennifer monilaw : fun chalinguing and a little bit easy
vijay kumar : thanks for all your
taneisha hall : it the best game ever
a google user : i think its a good game
tyler curtis : i played it on xbox an loved it on phone
simon lebone : the game is so fantastic
chandu srinivas : great game gonna play now
amit rana : nice game control and graphics and gameplay
sharique ali : this is very nice
aman deep : still buggy but loved by me
shree durge : nice games and app
bakhtawar singh bakhtawar singh : this is good game like stunts games
kirti bajaj : nice game but to many ads
a google user : a very beautiful and enjoyable game
dipti ghia : good but very hard
uttam tyagi : this is bestest game in whole glaxy
darnell sims : i really like this game
sonam zangmo : this is my favourite offline game
mustafa ranalawala : very cool game downloading
greg yates : good game fun for when your bord
gilbert gibson : this game is very super nice
a google user : this game is completely fantastic and awesome
dev dax : cool graphics and a awesome game
tammy adcock : the game is awesome i love it
ashok puri : best game for community and time killars
indu rawat : only graphics are good
vashon spencer : i think the download can be faster
kaneki k : game is cool its was very funny
country boys : i love the game so m7ch
it's naved khan : this is the best game and graphics in the world
henry ramirez : this mean that this game will be awesome
abhishek rathor : this game is good for time pass
a google user : i love this game very much
a google user : very nice game congrats to you
abubakar hamkar : i just love to play that game
abd samad fang : give us some nitro in this game
atul gupta : awesome game i loved it so much
michael smith : it is really fun bit simple
a google user : awsome graphics fun for hours
chaoba devi : nice one but not played
blain coetzee : to good to play
adrian graham : i say this stuff is awsome
a google user : this is my favorite game in the world
anissa marrero : love it played a lot in one night
a google user : very interesting
tushar rana : very nic cool o love it
manoj chaudhary : i am a fan of this series
parminder : good game crossed all levels
evo pumanes : you need to lucky patcher this game
angel luna : great graphics man just nice
a google user : i will never forget this game
archisman banerjee : very nice game and best graphics
adarsh samson : m i think its a nice one
leeanne smith : i think its a good game
a google user : subscribe me more new games
gagan dhakrey : gagan police station and confirm
joel jules : ots the best game i ever played
a google user : nice game ever nice graphic
a google user : this game is very good and usefull
daksh arora : best in all trial extremes
deepu ghalot ghalot deepu : subham you know that the other e to
amorie liebenberg : love it to the max
kyle morris : for me it was no problem
a google user : this is best addictive game ever
manju garodia : this game is really dashing
henry kevin : its good no complaines yet
arif javed khan : large size but nice graphic
amit wadhwa : excellent game i thank who made it
ansh mishra : nice game its ok type
aishvarya pratap singh : you will love it
rakesh sharma : this is wonderful bike riding game
lynster delator : i love this game
adesh bunomally : i love this game and it graphics
a google user : nevrr played it but looks cool
kunal chandravanshi : it is very nice game
steve bhumz : it is jst a intresting game you now
deep kumar : nice game and good graphic
walyon craneo : great game
zack ali : now download going to see how it works
timmy osborne : it is the best mx game ever
prasad gowda : awsome game
indrajit barman : the game is best
ass qureshi : i am interested to play game
hi buy : its hot and a straight edge game
a google user : its very nice game it is relaxing
a google user : it is really amazing stunt game
sunil kumar : i am enjoying by this game
hansa vaishnav : it is the best game ever
anil pragada : nice game and its very intrest
morgan morris : great game on it nearly every day
a google user : good but more mb takes
ashish ghimire : cool but unlock more arena
lil willy : its really fun i like the dirtbikes
aniket naik : nych game awsome plying
brandon gonzalez : cool game been waiting for a update
aryan pudasaini : did game is so much fun
martin jones : does not load waste of time
sonu suri : really mae very nice game
anurag panday : this is amazing app
a google user : i think it is a an amazing game thx
jonah peet : i loved it great graphics and controls
travis gere : best game in the hope of history
a google user : this was my best game
a google user : its fun challenging and really addictive
a google user : wow this game is just so cool
seneth perera : good game and nice time killer
waseem mir : the game is nice and smooth to play
ranga natha : movel not boring game
a google user : it is such a good game
xgn acefearsome 21 : could be better though
moodogue m : man i love this this cool
jeremiah zank : it is like the best game ever
arginder sandhu : takes forever to download
a google user : want still more graphics no
vimsen lama : i loved playing this game
adrian marcano : the best motorcycle game ever
a google user : very very well and the good game
naveen kumar : this is best racing game in the world
deekaram ammu : awesome game that i ever played
sumant khalatkar : i loved it very much
abhi sara : i played this game its to good
prince natheem : i love this game very much
krishna paliwal : ye game verrrryyy nice he
maznah yunos : it is good games
prashant gehlot prashant gehot : i love this game
ravitech2018 r-series : i love this game
greg bevill : it is the best race game
pretty_ armaanii : this game is awesome
a google user : this is very nice game for me
mukesh gautam : nice game and graphics are very good
sonali shrivastava : it is very beautiful game ever
ankit : it is so lovely and nice game
nash nidhi : super but need some develop
saddam khan : i love this game thank you
thereaper 197623 : i think it is a really fun game
arshad warshi : superior quality of the game
alpha trapzz : this game is amazing it so good
a google user : the best game in the history of games
a google user : it is very good experience to play
prasad vernekar : game features are very brilliant
god killer : do as ur heart says
cameron mc quire : cool bike racing game
sreyash dhargalkar : its very much better
alka rungta : it is just an awesome game
brandon wall : very well made
aastha rawat : a wonderful game
joshua shubrook : i really like this app
maria gonzalez : love it since day one
hollie scott : it is like real life
a google user : cool becaus you can chrash
ethan peterman : it is the coolest game i ever played
ibrahim official : this game is very fantastic
rohit ahire : the best stunts game in the world
sathish a.k : nice control and time spending game
a google user : i love this game soo much
ramesh sharma : this game is very good in world
ryan browning : greatest stunt riding game ever
a google user : really really awesome game
kabita boro : we have to drive
jaden johnson : love it so adictive
ankit sharma : so much better than 1
kame'ron miles : beat it every time boom
504tito : it was a good time playing this game
anirudh u : the game is just awesome i loved it
pitawas debata : amazing games ever sensor control
a google user : its too nice like me
toodles mcgee : pretty intense for a trials game
david selby : call me when i download
usman ahmad : it was awesome game but the ads
pakistan gamer* : its fun to play this type of games
a google user : cabinet reshuffle you have a good
reece demarzo : got other one cool
ronil chandra nair : best game for my son ryshap
isaac morse : needs some more fixing
royal stars : i think this is a great idea of gameing
a google user : it is the best game i ever
a google user : awesome like all the following parts
logen ireland : this game is amazing
akash dubey : the best game ever played
kovil savaj : i love it u should play it
rasel vai : i love ithis game
a google user : trial xtream games are very good
shanmukh satvik : i think this very nice game
kr verma : coolest game i ever played
nahim islam vc : this is a nice game i think
archana kumari : it s best game ever
#baby_birds1738 #ball life : this game is so fun
chrissie b : i love this game it is awsome
aubrey chandler : best game ever and great graphics
brij bhardwaj : a full smart game and hard
a google user : cool graphic n nice to play
archi zolota : it best game on world love it
siddhant rajput : amazing app enjoying very much
cameron lowe : love this game braaaah
nathan blanco : super good game
frostty nebula : i would like it to be easy
darren booyse : wish it had more bikes
unlisted leaf : great game a should play
tyrese friday : i think the game is very good
shadley sheldon : the graphics is great
asomiya hunters : itbos very nice game for me
a google user : hey man the game is good
ayatullah khomeny : love you but mb big
girija pillai : i liked this from its 1st part
vinod shakya : this game is very intresting
swa airsoft : this is the best game ever
a google user : i love this game it so nice
a google user : it is a perfect game for bike lovers
mula : cool dirt bike game
alec rogers : love great game must donload
steven kolasa : first time playing great game
mosharraf hossain : its a cool game
nalavala ranjith teja : good game thanks for the quick reply
a google user : nice stunt game download all
a google user : i think its a great game
prajeey : the best game ever
harishchandra doke : very nice game
raihan ovi : this is a supper game
king family : awesome game i love the wheeling
a google user : it very nice please try this
joey bulldozer : it could have better graphics
zain ullah : it is very easy
a google user : it is a pretty good and cool game
jeet das : awesome game u should play
the epic gaming fool vlog : had game 1year with no problems
pratibha joshi : nice game i play all time
mario alvarez : the best game get it
lee baldock : a very good game i rate it
mohit maan : what agame this game is very interesting
a google user : awesome game n very addictive
renu chaudhary : it is a perfect game for the lovers of stunts
noob gaming : iphone 6
vishal jaiswar : awesome game trial xtreme 4
a google user : best game ever of all time
darkoverlord 732 : it is great try it i love it
varun sehrawat : it is the best one
rahul singh : nice game and good graphics
jignesh sanghvi : can be played 100 times
deontay : wish they had a 5
santosh kumar rath : but game not download
a google user : it suck big donkey dick
a google user : this game is amazing
rakesh mahajan : i love this game too much
ankur yadav : best game trial xterm 4
a google user : it is net vasul game fanstastic
sunil kumal : this game is very nice and profit
sonu shukla : nice and cool apps
a google user : good picture quality and good graphics
andre mckinley : this game is so cool
mohammed adil : nice graphics and full thrill
kevin johnson : this is going to be good
a google user : very good game and nice background
sanjay chimakurthy : te 3 is better than this
hunter boy : the best game for another bikes
chelsea wilson salisbury : easy not hard at all
jaiden patel : the graphics etc are amazing
a google user : awesome sauce
liba laique : its a amazing game
aman thakur : i loved it nycoo
amalia vinagre : its good thats all
saurabh kumar : excellent game must try it once
marry jee : nice game superb graphics
ramachandran thamban : nice game all is very nice
sonu raghu : super but wants fine tuning
haroon ali : i loved it it was so cool
cj lynch : love it so much
shyam lal thakur : well picturised and gr8 game ever
a google user : hey there very nice game
aahil khan : your very good mast game
fazil syed : i played 2 version
a google user : nic game ultimate graphics wow
liam van etten : it is so fun
ubah chika : i love this game so much
a google user : best bike racing game in the world
joebel llanes : its good i love it in multiplayer
kamal jain : good game for every one
keshav danny : played it on friends iphone very addictive
jose rodriguez : its fliping cool must downloade
chris keith : great game highly add active
jaan jaan3 : very good games like this
james michael : it was the best out of all of them
abhinandan ojha : it too much best game
king cobra gaming : it is very good game
tom gillespie : amazing app reccomend the download
abhishek bhardwaj : this is what we can say awesome
asim usmani : better than more games
brijj soni : nice but change some stages
sameer jadhav : good game i have played it
nilfaraz sheikh : it was so nice i liked it
our channel : exacting to play this game
md alamin : best game that i have ever played
badboy butcher : it really fun and good graficks
a google user : i love this game very much
a google user : nice and to good control i love it
skyler ricks : its an awesome game for ok graphics
thegamingcow : this is the best game ever
ram prakash sharma : tril extream is best bike game
abhi_mr _villan : sexy i love to play games like this
jagroop braich : best for time pass
lovepreet singh : graphics of this game is perfect
minecraftgamer 6969_shaggy : 1 star its too good
sahil shaikh : this game is very nice
jayden lyons : so frickin hard to beat the levels
a google user : i think it is very good game
shailendra shrivastava : fast better needs to be improve more
a google user : good game please remove ads
a google user : good tricks an tha xtreme games
seshma parveen : i love this game
ninad deodhar : its a cool game
rohithmore : it is nice game to play
a google user : this game is so superb
enduro kzn : most awesome game ever
shemar daniel : the best bike games ever
martin phillips : this game if prity good
a google user : i love this game he is dowload
neil strong : the controls needed to be more specific
a google user : it is a good game
a google user : best riding game of the time
md. tanvir islam : best game on the planet
a google user : superb game that i ever played
the siemoom : i love this game
judith johnson : best trail xtreme by far
daniel eashappie : this app is really cool
jack shaw jack shaw : that is all i need
mallik saad : it is a good game i love it
adnan ansari : good graphics and nice game
baraiya sanjay : i love this game
eman tabios : trial xtrem is one of the best game
daksh rawal : with high graphics
a google user : new levels so good therapy
tinku sharma : i thought it is very interesting game and i was loved it
dcallstar_ 21 : cool game i like it
amey deore : gr8 game should try loved it
varun dhawan : this is wonderful game
jemish chandravadiya : this game is very hard and enjoying
usman aslam : nice game usman aslam sandhu
ranbir singh thakur : this game is awesome believe that
cobrakali 583 : good game time pass
shrad tripathi : this is the best stunt game forever
sridhar rajaram : it is very nice but easy
landon : good game just to many ads
yashwant singh bhati : i think this game is so beautiful
greatt guitarist superb guitarist : i love this fame very much
kaustubh kumar : i love this game very much
sanju sahani : good control and very nice game
ameen khan : its a really nice game
a google user : this game graphic is so awesome
a google user : i love this game so much
zahid khanzz : this is wonderful game i like this
a google user : is good but fixed the bug
nat rance : it was so fun to play
a google user : it is a very good game i glad to play
farhan bilal : it is advanced and the extreme one
greatman arun : because of the previous version
harsh vardhan : very nice game
zukhra yusupova : good game easy to control the bike
anis ahmed : never played game like this
arunavijay yedavilli : a nice game good graphics
nazim khan : its best of them all
demar allen : very good but sometimes challenging
antoo pm : is all unlocked
kamal chajjer : it is a fantastic game and i loved it
neeraj chalwadi : very nice game have fun
jase brooke : it was very good
peta matthews : tidy game but fortnite is better
harsh chahar : very good graphics and control install it
atrish biswas : please take this game fast fownload
suyant dharwarkar : fine but takes time to install
a google user : i think this is best amazing games
perminder kaur : trial xtreme 4 the best
aahil khan : very good game i love it
shoaib ansari : mast h boss
amrapali more : i think this game is very interesting
preston cummings : i love this game and it has motorcycles in it
sahera banu : trail x4is interested game for boys
a google user : very nice game
arif najeer : vary nice game i
joana maria vives : very good game so adictive
toni lopez : it is so awsome easy to play
jannat shaikh : i am thinking very sweet
jonathan gomez : it is so cool and amazing
joseph bergeron : this game is among the best ever
omar hisham : that is the most great bikes game
shaniraj rathod : but purchase the level pack
vsm cable : cool and very nice
miles gutierrez : it is really good love the racing
cece sharelove : so cool and just play it
karen gauci : it ia my favorite game
richard creech : it is one of my favorite games
franz vit : is the best game
parmar bhupedra : i love you two
keshava ram : nice game to play as full entertainment
suraj tamang : it a nice game on animated and control
thetrio_fishing1 : best game in the world i got payed for this
vishalkumar vakil : nice action stunt amazing game
june andales : wow i love to ride
marvens francois : really cool game its boss
touchy window : it looks cool to me
abdul jee : very good graphics nice game.
sakeena nazim : i never see this beautiful game
jason kill12345678910 : good but not good enough
nh sheen : good game play,addictive
manik miah : i like this very much .fantastic game
bleeding visuals : its been great............i would love to see more games like downhill domination in the playstation 2 console........5*
i : this game was very interesting & hard leavel that i was play this game &
enjoying....!!
navi king : i had an update it said to update. so i updated it and it said to update it again and again and again
shibu nadar : while downliading it is saying error .... but still i given 4star bciz seeing the graphic it attracts me..
ashish rao : nice itis
varun mhatre : level cost is too high. also u get nothing to play offline.
who dudes : it's really verry fatabulous game i have seen ......really awesome game...
dhruv pandey : rocking game it is easy but i love difficult game
juhi salahuddin : waste game but absolutely fantastic
yazan abu omar : nice game and good graphic
noel : please make the game offline, i can't even connect even on having a fast connection... please fix.edit:fixed...thanks for offline mode:)
ravi yadav : nikhil is very very like this games .l love this games
abdullah rasheed khan : an ideal game to play in spare time :)
nate davis : sounds good butt... just kidding its awesome!!!!
sanjay gautam : i got full 5 i am the champ
aman jha : awsmmmmmmm game & the latest version is superbbbbb
md mafi rahaman : it's has good graphic but it not a enjoyable game.
ji nr : this game iss osam i must play tha game...trail extrim..4 better than..2,3..
nickyboy 2020 : best bike game on phone by far
david bate : it's not trials its racing
neel bk kumar : very intristing. ya
inderjeet singh : best game but internet issue
gaurav kumar : awesome wala bakwas game i have ever played in my life
will sosa : it's a very great game love everything about this game
jishnu mohan : but lack of time to download
a google user : its a very good game good graphics
madyson collins : but it's a little slow.
vishal k : good graphics and good game.
jasmeet rangarh : i am the fan bike stunt games and this game has so many stunts so ilove this
marc dsilva : doesn't download !!!it says couldn't install
shawn holstein : i am going to play the game.
sanjib : i do not installed the game.
kameron johnson : hmu on snap @kameron1johnson and its good
android and more : this game is very good game.thhe graphics are even good
jalen jackson : the only thing is the bus/viruses
a google user : i think it is good game but some problem are in the game
a google user : it is fun but kind of boring
nadiya : i liked this game because i like bikes the graphics of game was awesome the levels are hard but if you try it you can crack it the opponents are compitable the views are also good
a google user : very nice game....i'm very impressed... it is an awesome game i have ever seen...you must download it....and enjoy....
max reynolds : its a really good game to play i,recommend the game
sandeep 1965 : it's a very worst game.
keyon smith : this game is stoking me i mean they know my real name.and i just got it creepy!!!!!!!!
albert hernandez : this game was pretty coo but it made me mad cause i be in the middle of a race or something nd it will exit out would of gave it more stars but ya
shan sidasow : i think.... it's awesome..... always wanted to do stunts by myself.... now it is making my dream fulfill by game... i love it
mohit : the game doesn't start
beatriz guerrero : it's the only game i like
jonathan vaco : when u barley hit the ground u die
gravity records : -so many levels! :] -awesome gameplay, worth weeks of re-playability -i wish there were a reverse drive control. otherwise, top notch
sagar sisodia : so beautiful
aditya raj : trial xtreme 3 was better...
tye filyaw : my brother loves it no matter what i dounloude it it is the beast need to try it people you are messing out the cool game it is fun the only thing bad is it is a large app
michael mazarigos : i have not play to but it looks cool i hope all of you kid or people to play it because it about bike and mot like all other games that say bad words i need to play it hope you enjo and play witj your friend
sunita sharma : this game has good graphics
vamshi reddy : nice gaming and good graphics
nishant kandpal : best game...in.the.world... 1)best graphics 2)best gameplay 3) bestest controls... im lovin it......
susannah brasted : love it tho
liam rowden : it's good but not that good
dncrmarnuel321 partypanda : whenever.i play it keeps quiting
a google user : it's very very cool game, but it takes so much time..
jaquanna adams : you won't jump because you are not. trying
andre martin : the best bike game ever
ryan matthews : boooo won't load up uninstall asap
ethan flores : it's probably needs some fixing jut it's fun!!
chase barnett : rawness of the other ones that they made
toni clemons : it makes you really want to buy another version of it.
ethan cosentino-ilges : stupides is game ever the controls suck.
charles harris #potopia100 : moto gaming is for champions
a google user : good graphic and very challenging......my favourite but 437mb....too much you did a great job
sravan kumar gunda : waste game ...100% trial extreme 3 better ..
mythicalayde : to many of these games :(
thapa tulsi : best way to fade away boring days
a google user : this is a game that all of you should play.
archana hanchate : flop the game it's not working on my tablet
mohith gowda : it's kind of a real experience
gabriel trimpe : won't let me download it
kai koches : not that good. tx3 is better.
dragonwind 260 : it won't let me play the game
darshan marla : why the hell the game needs access to my photos and media? if access denied the game refuses to start..
fred wilhoite : totally addictive over all it is a great game
splashymanchris : bad controls other than that it's good
jyoti sahu : awesome game ...... truly adventurous....n difficult... loved it....
muffman69 : why do we have to pay for all of your games it's stupid people just want to have fun
rawhi alnabulsi : how do u think this game sucks it has amazing animation cool clothes and bike bodies awsome multiplayer games u guys are liars and full stop
pranjal jog : nice. and. coooooool. graphics.
fatma malikova : but i will trial extreme 5 i will that there is a all country mode like tail land too america china africa japan and others please hear me or i will make 1star please but this is cool too and i will in trial extreme new modes
gokul krishna : you could improve controls... its pretty much hard to control..
a google user : great game but graphics is not good
diego perdomo : this suk eggs why wifi.
braimen tusha : thank you who has made this game
kakulie samant : loved it very much!!!
bailey harper : haven't played yet
arun bhardwaj : this game is fake.
jacob johnson : i like this game a little bit.
shenaz sheikh : i can't even download the game
nato : wouldn't load
a google user : wonderful game but too much frustating
laugh forme : keep shutting itself on in the middle of the game... "how rude"
mirian karoua : why buy instead it's free download now
yogesh hk : enough time and gun and
adnan tariq : huh high. the bjgk and we would therefore
artur polishchuk : too much intrusive ads!
zuhaib ali : very best game and it's very best graphics
sufiyan khan : its coo.
aserig : it didnt go to the loading screen but the game is my favorite also can u guys make the maps on trials 3 free please
sibani sarkar : it's very hard for me and very nice game
matthew dennington : the download takes to long
daniel dyotte : i have galaxy note5, can it be played
malik hunter : it's ok not what i was expecting
delhi fitness shiva : no multiplayer no wife connection options no near by friends play
sarthak sood : wow this game is very grateful and real like so who made this game i am
requesting him make more grate games plz,,,,,,,,,,,,, god will bless you
matthew klassen : it's so sick bro
sazid chowdhury : wow.. it's such a amazing game. but i didn't download it.. lol
a google user : rat hay va tou cam thay rat hay hay
rajesh sharma : shocked ! man
lloyd maputol : this game rocks.
apanjan electric : the game is very hard
a google user : i think this game suck,
prem pal singh : it was # 2 osomemm game
a google user : don't download this app
solomon eric : bravo! !! i really love the game
rusty pope : this game sucks ball s don't playit
phillip p massey : its good besides it crashing all the time
keith chick : freezes.stops,resets.....takes ages to load ! poo ! ! ! !
toran chambers : it takes to long to load its winding me up
reiss nehme : game doesnt start on note4. its been a week without updates.
khanjan kumar nath : nice game...i like this ...thank u for this game.....nicely i pass my off time playing with this game
a google user : jassi singh the same time as the other day and night and day of the
luck lucky boy : fadu game he downland hone me time lagta he
a google user : very high price and not real this game plz update this game
a google user : super game but make the mb low 100 mb ok
bryan martin : won't download, it gets to 100% then says there is an error and uninstalls it ?
sneften : before i download.. is there a bailing off bike feature?
lewis mccaskill 2 : it won't load
a google user : i'm addicted to this game
seed : thanks for the game !!
a google user : i install this app and start playing i enjoyed it ,it best game ever......
a google user : this game is good not so good
saint nick : is your play what me yes or no
a google user : this is world most famous app i like too much this is good game
petrus sohbar : super game with super graphic love it...
a google user : this game is very gooooooooooood great!
f.o.r.t n.i.t.e : amazing guys! good job with the game!
a google user : don't judge to much.. can't u ever thing that the game creater have so much
pain to blide it you for ur gaming profession.. just take it ez.........
amy durham : awewsomegame!
syed ayub shah : its good but not that much good
anita agrahari : it's now my fav game plz update it weekly
prabhu pandit : its a good game for ridding
logan mcginley : good game and nice graphics
jordan shain : screen always goes to black
akhil lakshman : i love the game......very nice...nuce graphics....
safeer sappu : nice game.. heavy graphics
shamauer gupton : it's. the beast. awesome
dilip patidar : i think it's very nice game.
prakash sharma : deemedya you proved that your games are awesome
arun marchaun : like the game . addicted
blaze : hated it it doesn't work
yash hiray : ekach no. game she bhau
mahender meena : nice game.... but difficult too also
d_winston1738 : it is very good but quite glitchy
samita shetty : not good but not bad also
vaibhav shendre : worst game ever played..
harmony little : won't let my download the game
a google user : why is has 438 mb my phone can't handle it
paul labrecque : very entertaining! more tracks please!
jacob boles : this the worst game ever it's soooooo fun
sangita pujari : very nice game and very bad game
sa fwan : it's very large.i can't download it
neeraj jain : fantastic! what a racing bike game!
please dont watch my vids : i played this and it sucked... it defied all logic
shaq 777 _ : it wont load i was on lvl 23 my progress is all gone man
a google user : thora air graphics ki jarrorat hai bakwass install nahi hota
jayanto kumar : i like this game a lot snd i have been playing it in since 2012
a google user : ok but i have not started playing yet dow nloading
arvind kumar : too many aids if you remove thatswhy i rate this five starts
matt smith : not enough levels and hard to earn money not everyone has internet
a google user : butepu bachanas yoo game e mpetha four corners tsa mmele
thomas burton : it is not the funniest game but something to do ig
a google user : super accha time pass ho sakta h es game se
tangir tasing : nice game waste your mb
anil anil : it's a waste game
abdul azeez : this is a crazy game i have seen
shubham jaiswal : love to play it...and never bore
little q little d : takes a while to download but it's worthit
funny fam : it is very cool i like it very much
keedy johnson : this game won game of the year
shehroz yousuf : i love this game very smart game
suraj kakatkar : it was very very nic game
sabina shaikh : it is a wonderful game
arif sk : amazing game this game full off challenge
shahriar ahmed : good apk but this is very rating apk
rishikesh nanaware : loved 2 play this game
dance company : amazing game i love the game real
yellow blue : i play this game before and i love it
a google user : its a realy good game
hamayoon shahzad : to be honest good games
tavio mireles : it is very fun to play and very exciting
mohd nadeem : amazing game in stunts and racing
carljamesbaliong baliong : this game is cool
a google user : this is great game i love this game
jamshaid alam : this is the best game my favourite game
fitness infinity : nice game with brilliant stages
alex miller : great graphics worth installing
rajat gahlot : nice but some probleme in the game
abdi ibrahim : omg this game is the best
pranay ghume : very nice game such beautiful game
a google user : this game is very beautifully and excellent game
marri : best game cool and play the game trynow
anshul : love this game the bes racing bike game
a google user : this is game it is very very thrilling
jesmin nahar : my son love this game
karan gill : its a brilliant brilliant no words for this game
daniyal kazi : the best game
ryan ahmed : this is really a nice and ejoyable game
gambhir aswal : i think is good but i download
srinivasa rao palaparthy : soooooo amazing game i love this game
anas shaikh : very very nice game
nakai shaw : way challenging maybe too challenging
raju bhambure : this is very best game
sagar soni : because this game is so racing game
a google user : the i you your i own
jayan devan : what a wonderful game this stands
shivani gusain : i love this game this is very interested game
a google user : i love the game the game was so attractive
indian channel : not bad game is a very good game
gsgholia maan : its very excelent game
yogesh batta : i love this game very very much
konika akhtar : according to the size of this game the game should be improved
jay gaming : this game is a biss
a google user : best game in all the bike racing game
jordon tenney : i love the game somuch
michael byrne : awesome game the graphics on the game are amazing
xmart shayan : it is very very good game
yaboiiijohn : good game all in all must download
ronish ghimire : it is very nice game and very hard
vandana dubey : it is good game and my favourite game
luhb5 : i love this game
jamie gray : i think it is epic and i really like it
kashmir ortilla : seper greate game the best game for me
nik yo : another game for tx series
har preet : trial extreme game is my favorite game
akash bhandari : i think this game is good racing game
dipak shirsath : i love the game
stp amit kumar : one of the best game that i had never had
sanjay powar : most intresting game
mr. luis yt : very nice is game is a reall
ritu choudhary : plz download this game plz
shivansh srivastav : it is a good game than other game
bittu barnwal : it is the best game i love this game
sajjad noori : this game is very good
evilglare gd : cool
joshlyn mitchell : cool but there should be a campag
vijay kumar : i think this game 2017 best game
rudra kelkar : this game is cool please download the game
science experiment : this is awesome game
chris madsen : only an idiot would download this game if you barely hit your head you fall off your bike did the developer needs to kill himself with a toilet seat
june harriott : why do you have to lose money after you lose a race fix it
nitansh koshta : good feeling and motiwaiting game.
asad shaikh : because of it's stunts
irfan_khan17 : it is to brave and yo game i like it really.........!
a google user : it's cool and very interesting
subhabrata ghosh : it's a good game for childerns
keshav agarwal : it is very good game.i love it
joy baraman : nice game update now!!
joseph saunders : its good but levels too expensive
tim bernard : good graphics .
joseph jaipersad : it's my favorite game, so addicting!
deep patel patel : download this game download this kiss my name is with my ears 12 myhr myhr name my name is a deal gmail my namebapkkjjjjj
a google user : i like the game it's relaxing
rajeev kumar : it's awesome game for android
abdullahsmart x smart x : this game is awesome
ak gamer : it's a best series of extreme
a google user : i think it's a wonderful game
ryan jones : good game graphics are good
muhammed ashique : it's absolutely superb
prakhar indoria : like a world's excellent game
jeremiah griffith : awesome graphics, especially when falls
tarun khandelwal : this game is nice and mind freshener |
kayden erdman : downloaded it and it didn't even start
pardha saradhi challa : so nice please download it.
alokik ahluwalia : wow wow that's amazing game
rappers bro : believe me it's the best
tamela barnes : dude it's a good game
michael hatela : addictive game ,time killer
a google user : it's the best game in the world
pedro 10118 : it's really cool bossssssssssss
ramdas gole : this is best game in the. world
sudarshan singh rao : it's good in graphics and sound
a google user : don't waste your time guys..bad game.
bryan powell : this is the best game in the world.
sanjay salve : the is thriller,amazing and awesome
dashing guruya : that's cool
jerrica spencer : i'm in love with this game
bhavna dahane : this game is awesome and cool.
dhananjay prasad : nyc game nice features & controls
gautam : that's a great game and wonderful
a google user : dont download this app it's worst
philip groves : love it got me in to trailsbikeing
danni brown : loved it it's so fun and interesting
ethan g : lower the prices
suzy q : i love this game it is awesome .
a google user : it's fantastic game to play for everyone
finlay chew : its a good game but needs more levels.
a google user : it's very boring
d4_14_aniket sangale : i will try it soon
a google user : good game but ye online hai aur iske level khelne ke liye coin lagte hai
aur agar uske paas coin na ho to please make it offline because the phone
is get slow when the data is on
quixtar technologies : love to play this.
kartik gupta : no problem!!! straight to game.......just put little shadows option....nd try to change the handling physics...... thats it!!
vivek patial : reached 99% and then bam... error 905
harmeet singh : this game was awesome.graphics control eveything
jaytc 15 : amazing game cool bike, cool stunt u can do u would love it people and download it now !!!!!!!!!
vedaryan singh : download it if u don't like also......
mir sabbir hasan : great graphics.great game.play....the best racing game i have ever played
euan mortimer : it's a rubbish game
noah cooper : i haven't played it yet
brent varner : i am so excited for you to come over and i will try to get a new and the two
sagar yankanchi : it's a good game for android
ashish gautam : it's a very interesting game
arun chaudhary : dad's birthday party at home
a google user : it's really comfortable game
a google user : not as good as 1 2 or 3 you need an internet connection to play and now its about racing people for money rather than trying to get the stars shame
isaiah rodriguez : don't load menu so i can press play
arvind jindal : i like its graphics and its difficulty
a google user : this game was taking so much time to download
bossxeli : way do you need enternet to play this game
f liberals : it takes so many fricken megabites
edward blain : hey guys this is the w game of all time
varsha thacker : that you have to make trial xtreme five
jass sekhon : please real moto race game banoo koi
arvind tiwari : i want to say pls improve some controls
keegan williams : trial bike race game
joshua pratama : hello everybody im on tv now
a google user : i like this game but it takes forever to download
rishitha shenal : said package is not signed or something
pravesh chouhan : its a gd 1 but has a large mb
gab a : the controls sucked need some repair a.s.a.p
taj muhammad : taj hammad ali and i will be at the office in the afternoon
syed zayn : ghatiya game he bc ek dum local
kalagadandu srinu : do small and load more levels
bunny sachar : how to unlock levels with out paying
bhavesh choudhary : make trial extreme 5 with india theme
jax richey : idk i just did this cuz holidays
a google user : play like a aman becoz it is for trial x lovers
a google user : bayer then any other driving bike games
carter saito : please make an xtream 5
sardar rehan : waaao fist time ds game is btr
giane mallillin : iwant to become like this some day
mason drummond : is this the same people who made trials for 360
travis smith : just like trials on the xbox 360
harshit chauhan : it not download in last point in 347 between
alfredo colin : needa bug fixes on my lg g3
george rodriguez : kind if like trials fusion on the phone or tablet
badass gamer : so much i had to diluted my games
sourabh pandit : i couldn't even play... not even starting.... just freezes at the start
sarah hawkins : chj e i am h6 the first time
prateek sharma : all u can play this game by spending the money it is not a free game dont install it
a google user : itz amazing game... features quality is really good
jitesh vishwakarma : nice interesting but....... not powerfull
a google user : this game is a very good game.
akeela kulikov : his game made me poop in my pants all the way man
sunil kumar : a extraordinary stunt and bike game...
ankit lal : i like this game very much !! $ to good
a google user : it's not a good game
kids play toys : pretty sick
kartikcsr7 bugs : awesome!!!!! superb graphics......but need a little improvement on physics like trail extreme 3....
a google user : it is so amazing i want to die with it
a google user : it's a good game and good graphics
a google user : it's great please download
a google user : it's outstanding game ever
a google user : trial xtreme #2 was better
a google user : it's a very beautiful game
akash k a : it is superb.
iheb kortas : really nice game. loved it
jayden headland : it's a great game loved it
brandon morrison : i find it awesome ,
todd marshall : pretty much a great game .
sachin yadav : this game is very interesting .
bongi radebe : i'm going to play with mi child
vansh gupta : doesn't opens such a local game
mohd azeem : or nice game for player's
balu dawbhat : it's better and good
jerryme dagalea : addictive and so awesome
a google user : best game , best graphics
jane bolitho : it is stupid thanks
reuben ohara : haven't played it yet
a google user : ....can't download this game,i need some help plsss!
anil chhaparia : its a very bad game .
mitchell henderson : just boring to me.
fuhad garrix : i am this game is lovely.this game is top
isha gupta : it's a bad game
vminkook xd : cool and addictive so keep it up nice game!!
rajiv. kr. verma. verma : attractive game,best racing game
tz moto : i played with myself
ganesh kumar : a good game for a good time.
garv vasave : this is the best game i have ever seen
eunice low : the game. noob
a google user : it's challenging.. and taft to play
jagga jassos : awesome game -best game in the world
alex russell : huge step down from trial xtreme 3
dakota foster : good job deemedra!!! this game reminds me so much like trials!!! i love it!!! thanks for making such a great game!!!
jordan patangata : been waiting very long time for this an finally out yay!!!
jacob bostick : this game is terrible.
tj mccarty : won't download
kylie lambert : it wont even let me install it due to default install location how can i rate it if i cant get it ????? please fix it
s. sayeeda : this took 175 days to download!!
mr death gaming : i love this game , super grphs , reality stunts wow... great
rao gamerz live : it's running very well
yasmin shaikh : i didn't play the game
a google user : 1 #racing game of bike
world tv : i like this game but in this game there is skate that i don't, like
patryk : ..you! using my gmail as my username.
danthegreat : when i downloaded it i couldn't even the only option i had was to uninstall the app
a google user : if you don't know what this is # you are a noon and we can't be friends
ravi bhushan : i have played this game love it !!
sharmeen fatima : its not gud but better!:-*
kim byrne : ok hon im rich so i was wandering if you want a gaming factory ill buy you
all this for123 thousand pound yay cheap its so cooll imbso rich yay
jalen mays : i can't even download
adopted dog shit : thus game sucks
a google user : i played all the tx's
dheeraj gattupalli : not working in android 5.0 plz check it
david ashefor : wth..so much cheats
queen city entertainment : this game is the best the bikes are nice and the tracks are crazy cool you have to try this game out!!!!!!! :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
hujaifa cars : its great bt heard..
remi j : it's the bomb
rehaan jaan : very bad game at all .
rachel l. white : not very good graficks
thought inside : very large file accourding to mobile
a google user : should make mote track
ejaz ahmed : i think it's a good game
vilas vaidya : it would be more better.
manohar kottepally : i really love this game.
nirmal lamrin : i like the. game awesome
satish kumar 57 : i think it's a good game
akshay pawar : best choice, good result
talal arain : very nice game
nathaniel white : can't download error 905
arun bahubali : it's a good game to play
aditya sahu : it's so interesting game
connor rathbone : this game is amazing
aniket aghaw : i am find only bikes and bikes i want the vehicle in the second picture
manoj suman : it's a biggest game
bd grand gaming : its good to play.nice graphics.
a google user : the first time i've got a new game
trayaliciouss traci-lee : great game it runs smoothly..
balaji loganathan : gracious and-in gilbert don't
alexander schroeter : it has sooooo many problems like i am stuck on levle 5 and i cant beat it and it wont let you go back to other levles to get money for upgrading you engion
isaiah james : is so wack never download this joint im telling you waste your time if you download this you are stupid. listen to me not them me listen to me don't. download it
mongezimv44hhs mongezimv44hhs : cool game!!!
linda mccumbers : this game takes time but you can do it
arsalan jahangir : we want all levels without internet unlocking or purchasing
noor subah : this is my special game from subway surf temple run
marty vlogs : call game but too much mb
sreecharan ramoju : i like this game very much but roads are tuff
malofou manase : for sum reason my stuff says insuffcent storge
a google user : it eont donload it says stuff about location and that is on sort it out
akash kumar : make it like asphalt airbone i mean its graphics
neelam saini : the game is not full ve have to buy levels
nahid ahmed : i am download this game but can not play
jaxon drennen : this game has so many missions and haylie
gangadhar damodhar : do not downlode this game it is just a time wast
sekar meiteichannel : i did not play yet i like its graphic
the whatever dude : eh it is still downloading but i think it will be epic
daniel serio : poop on my butt from jonathan serio
shadab anwer : i installed it before 10 day it will not open
a google user : it is a wast game of water and sewer system specific message
robotwas loco2 : i like the rag doll point of game and launch button
a google user : this is a good game and its graphics are superb... u must try it.... aakash
gary leeper : it won't load at all
a google user : i think that it,s ok
rajvir singh : only because of good graphics..
a google user : download kr rha tha pura download he ni hua dimag kharab last 350 mb me aak download faild btaya mera time b waste hua or data bhe
rekha yadav : it is a fabulous game...i love it i am just 13 years old and i was in the search of game like thisssss....coooolll...amazinggg....niceeee...excellentttttt...and everythingggg....
abrar zahin : in one emo
ashique ahmed : i don't know
daddy gaming : having to many problems tilting ....
ares : :-) tunis the ground and more efficient way, i know
ahnaf siyam : nice grapics...awesome game to play
dharam pandit : aws......game ever i am crazy 4 this game and waiting 4 next 5part
md.obaidullah ansari : in this game i don't want to go anywhere else by leaving this game
christian rorich : it has lots of glitches.... just download and dose not open.... so had to uninstall..... thanks but no thanks.....
ony dare : i love this game.... me n my 2 bros plays the game......
epicbatj : you don't have to play it with wifi
linrod : this game sucks don't download it
colin shantz : it's like an orgasm in your mouth
arsal rajpoot : it is very aggressive game......me my family always palyed this game.....so i give 5 point.......thank deemedya.......em also w8 for te 5
sujit saha : i love you.... the best game of the world
ananthu ajikumar : it was a amazing game.i like it .
a google user : it's very nice game
a google user : it's very good game
pavan patel : it's very good game
a google user : it's very good game
indira123 indira : it's ok
paco cast : not that bad
erazee gamerz : it's very good game
stik a : it takes to long to download. why why why why why why
rachel d : this game is so awesome and cool!!!it is not only for boys!!!!!!!!
stardrick white : it's ight thoe
rudra nil roy : it very god game .
a google user : it's just the trial game i was looking forward to
a google user : this is good game for all..
fayaadh asmal : worth it, love it.
hunter meerten : when u connect online it just goes to a random persons account instead of creating ur own plz fix!!!!!!!!!!!!
scoregasm : beat almost all of them
mohib ullah 245 : hi how are you
coin tricks : speedy game of race where nothing is impossible. ......
samrath shah : i like this game so so much
aditya snehal : a like this game a lot lot lot
shrivastav ubheemun : make it offline plzz
a google user : it is a danshu game
ranjana sh re s t h a : i win 50000 match i count1
chris doebler : awesome game... if you don't like it, get your head out of your a**!!!!!!! don't play this game then!!!!
dionn iss : it's a beautiful game.
shahinur rahman : it's so good game
saidd love : it's so nice game
mahfuj amin : i think it's good
vijay sharma : it's ok nice game
devil clasher : i don't know any thing about the game
bela dhutia : it's cool
dead pool : such. a cool games
rix shrestha : it's good
jesse crow : the loading timea are insain.
wyatt mouser : i am going to get it in the morning i am going to get the morning
parth j patel : i like this game very much
suraiya jabeen : i don't know what to think...
khan tarique : but not bad.
devesh singh : very nice game & nice graphic.
the quiet kid : there are too many ads, minute after minute ads comes
pasam hemanth : it is superb cool fantastic. super stunts
manan manan : it is a very bad game i can't say you in word.........
bhavy solanki : it's beat bike racing game pro game
zak pathan : nice game but need to improve stability....
mohit soni : its my fravate game on bike downloadad and try this game
ali raza : fails everytime! bad.
yaswanth varma : good #graphics #
shashi gupta : awesome game. really love it.
brent bunch : you have to download it.
a google user : very time wasting game don't play it!!!
anandu aanandu nair : start the downlod . but not playing
akash va : but lot of formalities
jordan tyler : sucks soooooooo much don't download
aryan singh : can't tell.....it was okay.....guys if u like bike racing games then u should install this game pls like my answer guys pls........
a google user : the game is asewome for time pass....i love this game
uday bodh : amazing experience on playing it...... best game i have ever played...
a google user : smooth but .add is disturbing.
kyle jukes : this app won't open at all for me
sameer yadav : bakwas game he ye. mat download karna
a google user : awsome game..i just loved..what a graphics ... fabulous, mindblowing,fantastic.
raj bossy : smooth,graphic,cool playing this
mirza umer : stole my money!
rout rajni : it's good.
allen sebastian : it wont let me download!!!suck
uglykidtae kpt : like the other ones we couldn't now can we if we can't can u plz add that
z bo : too hard to get money, so i uninstalled
sweety sharma : don't play awesome game ,,
g banik : too much add. please resolve this problem...
andre bryant : it's a good game
mikiyasleta dufera : it's a cool game
radhakrishnan krishnan : this can coooool me.
sea kay : it's great best game
jarvis clark : i think it's awesome
a google user : it's a good one guys
sic panda : please don't rape me
davion curry : it's a good game
amy durham : awesome baby#1
abdul muqheem : i love this game .. n thanks to maker's
stephen mcbride : i like ya sure most of the things you can do are completely impossible but who cares right?
m sadiq sultani : it is a good game as we can challange another player simultaneously.......
salvin gomes : games is so cool but,at last mission too hard....
abhishek sharma : best game . time pass
landon sanderson : it's a good game boii
wh1skey324 : it's such a good game
thakur prasad : so,very fantastic
a google user : it's very lovely game
aliasgar bharmal : it's a very nice game
awais siddiq : it's really very good
a google user : it's such a nice game
nasrin monzur : it's very good and nice
caleb mckinnonnb : it's a really good game
louise jones : great game i really it.
gaming chrome : it's really good
jivit kumar : it's asm game i love it
tyler dunk : it's really good
mathew dumont : it's pretty good
a google user : it's nice
a google user : hi dudes , enjoy the game
max smith : try to make it more like triles 1 and. 2
fred cady : stunts,i loved the stunts in this game!!!!!
azkilo : wew this game is so hard bro...
james conners : it takes me back when i was younger as a kid.
siddhesh chilvery : nice bad game and awesome game bad bad very bad game
a google user : fool game its a joker bloody fool game !!!!!!!!*__
a google user : this game doesn't downloads because this game is fake we can lost our time
somnath sawale : pls don't west you mb & time..
logan smith : this is a brilliant game make more
dylan pennington : i tried it, totally worth the download..
michael coslett : i had to download it twice
varun annah : its very(9)man i loved it it is hack
tawfiqur rahman : this game is hard but i've no word to say about the game
enderwaveyt : i i didn't play it on my phone but i play on xbox
ishaan patel : connecting connecting ......... than game crashes
jyothish jochu : didn't play yet.....but...lookz awesum
nicholas spearmon : now that's what i call a racing game
ahsan k : it's addicting but gets u stressed sometimes
mickey ogle : i like the other ones but this one is very lagy.
virginia calderon : lol i'm used by my house and a lot penguins
bhagyadipsinh jadeja : its really a good game love its a lot.. thanks deemedya inc....
aditya verma : such a great game i luving it :-)
ice supremacy : it is good but could be better
ashish raj : love thid gamr... very adventures
a google user : great game with good intentions!
a google user : it is very beautiful game
afnan akhter : it's the worst game i've ever played plz ********* fix it
babli nagar : this is very great game
harsh kartikey singh : rubbish. don't install. bad game.
altaf s : it runs smooth....but my battery is getting drained very fast...100%-20% in 10 mins.....
a google user : this game is very cool and awesome!
jack ward : terrible whaste of time. what a joke !!!!!
monish raj : i. hope. next. version could do. better
ayush mahadik : it's my favourite game
syaz : it's awesome game ever
hassan aman : it's good
hieu dang : good game. it is funny
taufiq shaikh : it's have an great fun
saee ram kote : it's very amazing game
f4iz4n 4ns4r1 : it,s good i enjoyed it
shahzaib bhutto : i think it's good game
matin sekh : that's call a game
manjula prashant upadhye : it's very awesome game
a google user : i love it but it's ass
joseph serna : can't even download it its so bad
rajendra patil : that"s a game dude
a google user : i love it but not better then my clash of.clans:-(:-(:-):-):-)
a google user : very very nice game!
pratik patayane : at the time of downloading can i rate the game? e.g. graphics, control
aland hama : i make my time with this game....thanks............message sent from galaxy s5 g900h.....game work perfectly no lag....no slow function
kobe lyon : i never pressed and the man was moving.
sai tarun : really loved.... such a ass fu#kng g@me
suraj valluri : lag, stuck. thumbs down.
kaushik vala : but i don't know that how it is.....
omkar bacham : very very cool game... really like
marvi milaqi : the best game ever but can any suggest me who is beter 3 or 4 please ?
vimla yadav : this game never start and stop's workibg
a google user : bad graphics. change the graphics
taha kashif : this game is a waste of time ...
laxmi shukla : best stunt game by chandra prakash shukla
ojas sejwal : i love racing so i love this game !!!!!!!!!! trial extreme rocks!!
sarma kolavasi : it's an awsm game.... shud try playing it
rakshith : it's worth for memory download and graphics and functional parts too
shair lilixai : its realy enjoyable game..and its control so nice....grapics..
vicky singh : this game is really awesome i like it
auroral shine : haha !! trial extreme 1 is paid and 4 is free to play!! hahahahahahaha
charlie coble : this game sucks!!!
prodigy : akatsuki will rule the shinobi world!!!!!
eduardo badajos : this game is amazing!
hakem moha : can't we play this game in offline mode?
blue creeper : awesome and coolest game ever!!
a google user : this game awesame i love it
a google user : it's well game.i love it
rahul verma : only one word awesome ..
jayant kumar priyadarshee : its.. really a nice game
amogh chaturvedi : best racing games ever..
anil ani : worst game ever totally disappointed......
gamingbrat 3456 : faboulas...actually... the graphics of this game is very high...and it
seems to me that..i'm riding the bike....
david wynn : this a very cool and game!
intergalactic burnik : this game is awesome! haha
naim mulla : bakwass unistalled....waste of time
a google user : rubbish game......needs to improve graphics
ashar shaikh : this is the best game ever played i liked this game too much !!!!!!....!!
sunil g : do'nt download this game, i'm reached @ 200mb, n display msg u nt download the game
hendrik viljoen : thanks for a great game.
pawan singh : best game. you must try. very cool graphic.
fahad mughal : it's a very good game.
fazal karim : liked this...awsmm game
rohit rai : great bike racing game in minimum mb...
obeid soudager : please do the the game size 165 mb
kevi medoze : best game so far. try it, its awesome.
ispectric : it is amazing!good graphics and bike's!!!
hozayah taylor : haven't played it.
yo u : i can't tell anything but this game is awesommmeeeeeeee
jeremy gillespie : f*** you you stupid ass m************ bro with your google play as b******* f****** access my pictures make it to where it can pop up above all other apps bro just let me play the f****** game you punk m*********** whoever made this game i hope you f****** choke on a chicken bone you f****** insignificant f***
vijay perepa : super game in the whole world/earth
joe morales : well it's horrible
hellen raghuwanshi : it's a very very good game. those who are playing game please download it
kasak sahajwani : wow!! the game was amazing
dead hunt : great!loved it!
ritik gupta : haha nice graphics and many more
ben smith : stops halfway :(
lejon davis : that means... this game is awesome!!!!!
a google user : joseph not going in and a good day and i got a good day
vivek's zone : nice game!!! loved this game@5star in galaxy a7
aaron drane : lost my bike and had to restart twice with no replys from u guys thanks for nothing i have since deleted it
viraj soni : guys plz make your control update soon and dont forget to reply me if u are serious about this game
a google user : please game centre download it on mobile data if anyone have no wifi then what should he do
a google user : i love this app very much
jeethendra nammi : wonderful and amazing. wonderful graphics. loved it very much
bs industry's : wow..... what a amazing game is this....... best bike game ever..... very
good graphics , good gameplay ... and also in this game you spend your time
and more fun..... i need a some new update in this game ..... download it
and play ..... love it..... no other bike game like this game .......thank
you
sudheer gotteti : this game is time passing game. in the time m1 mid exam i used to play
dj creed d : i love the game it's just all of the ads. why so many ads ?
geetanjali gulati : very. bad. hate. this. game. waste. of time
obc official : awsome love it and yeah
rajendra prasad gupta : very cool extreme game
sampat kumawat : one of my favorite game!!
arya vats : great game rocks!!
jack y : a superb bike racing game with amaaazing graphics
ias or ips : not working properly...
nick farrar : to many adds not going to pay to get rid of don't get game
lakshmi narasimhan : terror. game. it. is
melvin johny : great gameplay...its addictive.. good work pals
khaled faleh : wonderful ^^ thanks for big game $$
naresh sada : very nice perfect i liked i
shrikant pandit : this is very very worst game
mani chelary : i don't get lots of money in this game
mr khan : not so good ......... trial extreme 3 is too better
sourabh yadav : very bad game.....
srishnu d : wow!!!it's quite awesome..but lil hard to play
a google user : this the best bike game in the world
stech alrounder : it seems to be like good game....and i don't even play that game..... i can just read comments about that game and i decided to install in my phone..... good graphics in game. as you see in picture below...... lovely game..... go for it...... nice game
nathaniel h : well i couldn't get on after i bought 2 in app purchases
ashok chawla : too many ads which are irritating
harsh bhise : awesome game must play!!
rajat fashal : rubbish game it sucks....
vicky choudhary : it's not a xtrem game .it is a very.................boring game
ryan lathrop : it's terrible!
nano bazan : fun ....it's great ....challenging i love it....
armaan sanfran. : best graphic game and easy to control ..
trishanu chatterjee : gd games good graphic and very good bike games......i love it
mammachan mammen varghese : it's a good game and adventures i like it a nice game
doug gouldson : too many adds ruins game
meet panchal : wow what a game who was the launcher of this game tell thanks to the launcher person
harsh mani goyal : i think this is superber game and also fantisk game also
sehnawaaz ali khan : first i will try and then i will be decided
blindshadow267 shadow : i have not played it yet
vinod kumar : world's number one game full time pass ekdum fadu
rahul koushik : why this game is not run in my redmii note 5 pro.
robi halder : good graphics....easy control.....very addicting.....
swati charan : yes it's right to say that number one bike racing game is this
a google user : it's a fabulous game.
morgan buchin : its not that bad :)
bradley cox : love it on it all the time!!!!
jyerwin obejas : can't download with 905 error
a google user : nice game ever!!
a google user : when i open it and try to connect it's always stop
sandy rite : great graphics.. nice game.. good controls.. thanks for the developers
arif khan : its a great game
rohit kumar : awsm game with awsm graphics. suggested for bike racer lover
chintan goel : simply awesome n addictive!! love it..
aditya shetwe : trial xtreme 4 awesome
a google user : i think you should make a 5th one because i love it so cool love you bye
samay mallik : i played this game i think the game is nice. always should be play the game.....but i have a request about the game......that is:- are you earn many more new bikes in this game so it would be more interesting.....the game is good............ thank you!!
bhavya gupta : don't you are not going anywhere today is wednesday morning at home
sadia mirza : it takes so long to download
hunter max : ok nice.... i do hack that why i luv this games
marley ganja : if you try guys ...memang mantop brader...
harrick shastri : it's been real exp
rahul raj : bestest bike game that i ever played top
ethan menckowski : the rell version is a lot better everyone $:):):):):);););););)8)8)!!););););)
fluffy's life : cool raceing game!! git it now!!
a google user : it is a cool game
charlie bantolina : super cool to the max...
rakesh shukla : this is good game
arthur w : brilliant but hard.
seema kesharwani : i am downloading this game but it was so much of time
christian paolo : i couldn't play. it crashes. it doesn't open.
vijay ragavan : wast of time ...and net balance
connor feaster : i don't like that you have to buy to get in tornament
wahiduzzaman sohoj : this is the most funn game i've ever played
jesse rivera : its really fun
kavon phillips : nice game should dzowload it
varalakshmi k s : the game play is cool!!
noah coffey : awsome ! cool!
deece taylor : when i opened it just closed and don't download
a google user : this game is fun... i really like it
deepa jalpota : it's a fabulous app!!
prasanna keerthyr : i is cool game!
a google user : the worst game ever!
naveen franklin : it is my second no favourite game ya.......$$$$$$$$
unstoppable rudra : very nice but needs to be modified
peekz : never played it it looks good
christina donnelly : i think it's a good game to play.
rishav : it is awesome game to play...
mike mendoza : very very.. funny & addictive
christopher dow : another app ruined...
sonam tashi : worst game in the world... i had ever seen before
siddhesh rane : nice game..... guys you must download this game... it fun when play with this game
wade wilson : you download it and it doesn't let you play
a google user : it's a very good game prob the best
amir nisar : best game,graphic fab
a google user : because not work
rohit tanwar : why not fully offline
paint pouring by lauren : it wasted my battery
a google user : it is very difficult game
a google user : it is very useless game
chinmay vaze : very much frustrating game
gaurav saha : ok ok not that great
thirstea howl duh 3rd dope_smoker : cheat is hack it gunit stunt it
pofke pofke : crashing from a little touch
arun bhardwaj : this game is very bad
thebrothers : the game is bullshit
jacob cochrane : just trying this drunk
ross dudney : stick with the 3rd one
omar kingamory : nothing to me
zaid pathan : oppppps i can hack this game
malakai phillip : lol its a sick game
2552 jagshaan sekhon : worst game it sucks
a google user : dufficult game waste of date
rajan baidwan : first screen and nothing
sanskar orpe : clots price is too much
raihan putra darmawan : its so bad
sub2willne now : just all round horrendous
purushotham santhati : time will pass away
irish moldez : how read this is an ugly men or women
abhith pj : no other words addictive
susilo hartono : addicted since series 1
jack yielding : the game froze alought
suraj prakash : not work without internet
mukeshchodhary07 kamala : it was so hard
allando matthie : keep jumping out of the game
arif adam bhatia : beastest game in the world
uttamkr sharma : not more but good
sage peace : beast mode says
dylan : not worth time
harsh rajput : what a game i am speachless
hd shiny : such a money grabbing game
craig samuel : it keep cutting out
a google user : the truth is i hate this game
noah king : it is not loading correctly
jeff the milkman : waste of space in memory card
yuhboy red : this game is hit the taget
adhiraj singh : it is a rogueware
jangam hemanth : it is a very worst game
sreehari jayaraj : very very bad
hendry divahar : very worst game forever
dhruv rawal : small improvements in all things
a google user : this is very danger game
kaleb derecourt : beast game mates
a google user : bad game east of time
chris carrera : sucks a waste of my time
sandeep verma : crash problem in my t3
a google user : this game is very expensive
dinesh s : bad controls and bad graphics
kothapalli vijay : futured game
nita parmar : very bad game
mitch tabke : to many ads ruin it
mehmood alishah : not good then coc
ubaid rehman : very very bad game
a google user : worry that get dum dummed
a google user : assassin creed revelations c
nick rush : not letting me download it
toxic ankit : worst game ever play
stefan milosevic : impossible to beat any bot
mushfiquer rahman : every time the game crash
riya bhattacharyya : too much stupid game
deepak mehta : i can love this game
a google user : this game is very stupid
mrpat1130 : it is the worst game ever
meiteinganba ngairangbam : most worst game in the world
kei tai : is so borring
nick seprish : it suck to much lagg
jack tharippa : my cat grr meowed at it
vavval vfx : worst game i ever played
a google user : not hard fun easy
dustin castilleja : stoned to the bone
abhishek parashar : it is not a good game
a google user : that is very bad game
shubhash tendulkar : unable to change motion to mannual
a google user : many bugs please fix it
colby johnson : it glitches out when it is downloading
arugi valentine : connecting and freeze
bulletproof : it sometimes glitches out
zaid quraishi : it is very bad game
andrew cozad : sucks
md sajjad afzal : got a out is glapepao
bradley aram : hated it all it does is glich !!!!!!
karan raval : i think it is a good game.good one
jittu choudhary : nice game coming! coming!
pi winn : the god have given haha
kanhiya saxena : it is good game and it's graphics is awesome..!!
sanjoy chakraborty : nice and interesting but u can add more strategy.....
mushfiqur abir : when i start,after loading it automatically shut off!!!!!
sandesh panchal : lags a lot.. n very slow..
armando romero : i love this game it is the best
sadashiv rathod : stymie all week if at ffs at is to lay p
s.bharath kumar : it's high graphics and high memory but it is use full try
iam taiwo : it looks good but it never open... i don't know why?
hemshikha sharma : boring and display is very bad :-):*)
zeke m : this game lit!
gowtham das : i like racing games i like to ride bike race that's my dream
a google user : i love bike games sooo... that's why lol
a google user : very good game....good graphics
mohmmed musthafa : i sent my life in this game.....really
irene dizon : christine i love you said from raven. chuicy ba?
a google user : world best. game. yl
deepti jain : my name should be come in the developer my name is chirag
sherry thomas : god make this dirt bike game please
mohit zade : i am very existed because i download this game
dominik dobrowolski : why is the trials xtreme 3 icon the icon on the 4th one
the legit : i cant download it but i want to play the game
john lileth abejuela : on the picture i thot that theirs shadows
azam khan : it's a time waste games .....
shriram joshi : would have been a gud game if all d levels were free instead of unlocking dem by paying.....
pipo : its a cool game _ ^_^
anthony cummins : very fun and addictive!!
aditya prakash : it is really a marvellous game !!!
a google user : it's furious
thinker haist : crappy game.
kanak sarker : this is a awesome... good graphics..
keyro acost : this game so frustrating and hard soooo stupid! !!!!!!!
j thomas : i like because the gameplay is so good
rishabh shukla : worst game becase of so many ads....
morne jansen van rensburg : it works good and i love playing this game !!!!
vines king : it's awesome. graphics are awesome. .
bishal sharma : nice interesting game to play
neal osborne : it's terrible
jai prakash mishra : friends pls. come in sunbeam school bgn
yash tokas : sexy game...i love this game
lena bunny : it's very addicting!
a google user : this is very good game and very good graphics
chetram gaur : but slow downloading
ramen roy chowdhury : controls aren't good
heshan ahmed joy : the best motor racing game i've ever played!!!!!!!i love it
nilutpal saikia : this is the best game.... good graphics..etc.
christian brown : papa johns is the best!!!
radhe jais : superrr graphics... and gd effect..
abraham rodriguez : i like this game so much
jeramia shaw : it's freaking awesome
a google user : it's all parts are awsome...i love the game
lance w : it's stupid
chace workman : it's stupid
jeremiah sawyer : its trash
rekem : it's boring
sb sooraj : heavy game ann machane....
piyush vaidya : wont load
saleha rahid : i love this game it's wow it's wow
harmeet kaur : it's time pass game.
lakshmi rajiv : the game has only side view....bad game....
matthew askew : its is a good game with good graphics
cheonglu xd : great graphics!!
mdkhairul bari : good graphics..... keep it up.
the story of a musician : love this game!
gaurav bhardwaj : such a nice app is this!!
andray kyle : f**k this game!!.
prajapati manan : i don't know if you are looking for a few days.
vertigo : omg ! the best game
shaoun ahmed : i hate this game!!!
18cs014-gowtham-r : for this awesome game....
best videos by rajooo : very bad bcz its too mbs...
mepa lekasa : as the best motorbike game ever
nathaniel melvin : jumping big jumps and going realy fast ?
rich porter : turn down 4wat!!!
neeraj parmar : i like the stages ....fun playing. ..
jafar ali n h : it's not even installing in my device after downloading... i lost my
data..thats all...
habib bugti : i like it really....graphics good..
chris silva : can't download due to an error (905)
nitin dhiman : it's okk better than enough!!
supratim das : it's a great game. i love to play this game. superb!!!!!!
riley maloney : i created this game so download it or you'll have it
suhan islam : this is so good!
o.g_ 300 : its a awesome game........but make the graphics better
jon lad : it's awesome everything is awesome!!!
hari shankar b : "wonderful game in the playstore"
farz chizzy : don't know
freyah martinez : its time consuming and injoy
dustin guevarra : its a great game...
a google user : best graphics .... awesome gameplay
suzt manandhar : this game's good.
avaya mccall : it's cool.
yaduvanshi vikal rondela : good..but not bst
#comedy world #comedy world : no doubt it's a good game.... i it
yash khub : i can't stop this game .......awesome.............
farhan shaikh : graphics are just awesome.....
gurpreet veghal : loved it mann wow :-d ;-) :-$ :-! :-! :-! :-! :-!
vinay shakyawar : there are no change in the graphics of the game from trial extreme 3 to trial extreme 4.
raji nair : the game won't get downloaded on my phone galaxy note
a google user : well.... have to be improve a lot
aniruddha jana : that's a good game ..i just love it...
xosantae l : im sorry im in special needs'im just playing
jaelah grimes : never mind these game sucks it won't even download
rajdeep : i want to play this game with my friends using lan wifi.
joseph thomas : if the team at deemedya culd add a little more flair ..........
gregory garbarino : so cool play it!!
sourmash : awesome game. i love it sooooooooo much!!!! one of the best games i've ever played!!!!!!
a google user : cool gamee. good graphic
ravines kumar : love dis game
joshua mathes : this sucks it let me download it but won't let me play
a google user : keep up the good work:) these games are awesome!:):):):)
angel solorio : this game crashes!!!!!
zachary curtis : it's pretty fun.
veer sunil : here no wifi ,i can only download next time
ilya azzayd arrasy : coolest motorcycle game ever!!!!
caleb rogers : unless you wanna pay money, this game isn't worth the free price tag.. uninstalled
jason tarot akers : fun fun fun with bikes ;))
toxin x e n : this is a good game but this is a bad game
neeraj cool : the worst game
mohamed moin : it's good
wyatt hanney : it's fake
harun ali : awesome game that is... i loved it .
chicha & mamam atbp. : your game ain't workin'!
a google user : xtrime always awesome.... nice
jkcmkc cimino : it is so cool
alexshlu 666 : how to delete this game can you tell me
fozle rabby : i am very happy to play this game.but it needs something..........
brainamix : my bro a nd i not i and my bro that doesn't make sence
venu rick : whoo... i love it
jahleel stewart : very addictive very fun (^-^ )
khanzakir2011 : game is not loading from 5 days and i could not play it till today ?
a google user : it's really a interesting games...
vikram shing : bindass trial extreme 4 heroes
sunny sekhon : nic game sirra sirra end ghaintttty
lost boi : nice.....great game in the racing game
jonathan alcala : great game!!!
vishwajit khachar : get the other day of thus message and the other day of this message and the other day of this message and the other day of
surendra rao : download it !!!!!
prashant souz : wow...i love tis gme
samir_xd69 : good one...best game
noah ryan : i haven't been on it my daddy has it on his phone it is cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
la th : jacksepticeye plays five nights at freddy's 2
himanshu raj : i like this game... good graphics addictive good control...
a google user : very good gameplay
a google user : very nice game great & smooth control good graphics u must have it bro
y: a e s t h e t i c s : best racing game.
alamin khan : just love it.... its awesome
mana style show : this game is really nice....
sahil : a good game like it new game
samarsinh thakur : download this game very.......... nice game
ashish kajla : i think it is a good game....
joshan ray : cool game :-p
a google user : awsome.... i lyk this game
a google user : it's fye as f**k
monu mehta : it's an awesome game...
juwel sk : without internet ho to good ho
daniel duarte : this game is so tight tight
pavandip zombade : suck ass game boaring game
pushkal nagia : very bad game
legend_ gg : local game time wasting game
benjermen johnson : not letting me download
anthony updyke : awesome. beast mode
sk shuvo : good but very mb dochon,,,,
monster abir : awsome games!
ashish srivastav : this game is extremely nice dude ... :)
mohammad mazhar : its very amazing game....
ashley brooks : really good graphics allways on it
a google user : its my best game
aamir siddiqui : best game of all the time
sunnyfarid alig : a quite good game for motor tricking reflexes.....
piyush vats : it's a good game ..
kristy davenport : i love the game. :)
ben dhakal : best bike game ever......and very addictive
shani nikam : nice game he...
sk jaiswal : this game is not support in i phone 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,and redmi not4 and redmi 4
a google user : it is very good game...
a google user : awesome game.. i loved it..
belal ansari : worst game.
a google user : it's a wonderful game...
dequavious kornegay : #sucks
raya z : it. is. a good. game. for. boy
lior bruder : great game!
altamash ansari : good graphics..love it
aditya thakur : gd game hard and soft touch of this game ....... having a good feature
a google user : hated this****game
a google user : i love this game so nice game it is it is i love this game it is so nice game
harees kandoth : realy bad..
sufiyan : i like each and every version of this game
wajahath ali : nyc game .. graphics are good...
bikram modi : awesome game ...addictive really fun ...
issam hacen : it is a....... nice and wonderful game
amarjeet singh : error.........wait ........and watch till it appear
ai bi : #awezome.. game.. adventure one!!
a google user : very very boring game and do not try also boring boring boring
yogesh yw : best game but worst handling...
anil pawar : this game is super cool.....
purvesh sharma : please free all level...........!!!!!!
ryan von rhee : can't download due to error 905? really want this app, any fix?
daveon reed : its to hard and it suck dick
mc4 tech : best ever.......very challenging
surinder tandon : love the game ..... masto
akshay rajagopal : nice game ......fantastic clearty
anthony santos : this game is awesome!!!!
vijay patil : cool game one must try it.......
bhisham suri : nice graphics
sagar panda : it's a mind blowing game........
alfonso ochoa : it is realy cool best grafics an all of that so cool
vinay raj : mind blowing apps.
shahid hussain : it's a lovely game
hasher mirhasher : it is a nice game.
ismail habeeb : it's probably good
salman rafayet : it's a life for us
a google user : it's better enough
myles m : it is a good game.
a google user : the game was fine.
a google user : really great game!
hitesh nagar : yes,likes this game
brennon marshall : i think it is good.
shoham chakraborty : good with bugs
vivek kumar : very good,excellent
vibin damilano : it's really awesome
samatha j : it's a awesome game
ashish roy : that's amazing game
a google user : it's a awesome game
riz2 connelly : it is brillant#olly
hassan rawathar : that's amazing
a google user : that's a great game
zach faubion : it's. awesome
a google user : wow the game is amazing!!!
kinmori : we can play yrial xtreme 4!!
carlos dominguez : i love this game so so so good
manvir singh : it's really good game .....
madan singh : very good to play...
reid rules : thumbs up!
lucky gupta : it's a very very. best game
wasi haider : simply superb!
keer malls : aaaaaaa the actual game is linda like trials rising but ohhh haveing to bet to play i hate that your probably not going to change this tho
a google user : toooo extreme
a google user : brilliant , nice work ,carry on ,
sofros _9 : this game is awesome....
angel marin : this game is amazing!!!
hari haran : very interesting!!!
ru stupid : stupid dont buy!!!!!
naresh rana : it is a very good game and you download this game it is beautiful game ////*****
ihan bandara : good graphics & perfect controls
aslaf raja : wat a suprb game .... i loved it <3 <3
akhil js : very good game.... very interesting...
michael john binuya : wow! addictive game
dan konstantinovsky : great and pure joy!
scbys2 9 : sick bro
adnan fatimah : well...its allrigth 4 me.
madhu sanju : this game is very interested madhu sanju......
mohammed thouseef : very superb game best entertainment u try it......
gajen meitei : i love this game....i liked it
nathan koster : it won't download
milu majumdar : the best bike game i have saw in my lifeeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
prince lal : i really love dis game....itz ozm
richard shores : only able to get to more levels by spending money!!!?
krishna vijayan : graphics is awesome!!
noah driscoll : great graphics
a google user : it's good over all
satyam das : this is really #1 bike racing game ever!!!!!
imagine thatbro : addictive but a lil'bit of lag
aamir ashraf : world best game.....
jacob stewart : it's so fun you get to play easly it's so fun
simran kadam : game is nice and it is fu.........k all gamr
lutan biswal : wowowowowowowowowowoe...it is the best game of the world for me....but it has a big six
a google user : great! cool
legend : help me. iam downlading the game and it does not work. why??please reply me.
mang kanor : i dont know ......
how to : trial z 1, 2,3,4 both are awsome
obiegbedi efemena : love it...i hav played it b4
a google user : it's full amazing
vaisakh ramachandran : it's good love it
lionjason3 lionjason : i love the game
a google user : its a great game.
m i m fans. : it's awesome game
a google user : it's a great game
william rodriguez : it's a great game
hh_purple savagekiler3961 : it's a great game
mohamed benmoussa : love this game <3
puffbros : it's a great game
george sampath kumar kantimahanthi : it's nice to play
akash sharma : i think it's good
a google user : world's best game
mattia : i need more money!!!
hfvloggingandgaming : oh my flipping gosh so cool:-d^_^^_^^_^^_^^_^
izuku midoriya : this game is very fantastic, amazing and easy to control
john marchetti : that's all..
a google user : superb game i will enjoy in this game very very i give it 10 stars
midhun krishna.r : it's good
ashok thakur : this game is so good and graphics. cool.......
frankie martinez : totorial is lame
dreshawn keller : it's pretty good
mohammed junaid : it's a nice game
speedtrap 46 : it's pretty good
a google user : it's a good game
mohd kaif : it's a nice game
monte harris : it's a good game
jovon stevens : it's a good game
basab roy : it's a good game
a google user : it's a great app
cool kid ochoa : it's a good game
kameron carney : it's a cool game
dirt bikepro531 : it's a good game
momin abdullah : that's good game
ashwini mallick : it's a good game
a google user : it's a good game
rehan j pradeep : it's a nice game
maggie varner : it's a good game
pranjal singh : it's a nice game
sanjay bhagwan : it's a nice game
chandan kumar : verry nice game.
a google user : who it's amazing
vicky sangma : it's a good game
jonathan chief : it's a good game
abhradeep roy : fantastic and awesome game.
a google user : the game is to challenging.
jucsor andrei : best moto game ever.love it
guy mitchell : just great, it's truly amazing.
haleem khrisat : if that was me it would be a death wish
saeed techzz : good app
a google user : i hated this game
mamta kushal : what a weird game
zani hussain : i loved this game
faizan faizan : its run slow
deepak kumar : i hate this game
a google user : another greedy publisher
anisha akter : its bad game
azpeterparker : poorly done
domnick madhavi : its the worst game
joenetta malone : fright
mark emmerson : as above
robyn thompson : the problem is the controls
a google user : waste of my mb
abdul rehman : foolish game ever
a google user : i hate this app
a google user : it very bad
mantosh giri : not good at all
stem paguiligan, gene paolo s. : have a glitch
bassel omar : bad game and control
samquez smith : not good of a game
juman ali : waste of time
raksha siral : very bad game
a google user : it is an so hard game
loser raj : graphics control is bad
ahamed zaheer khan : i loved this game
xnp darsan : bakwas waste of storage
adan gama : bad graphics and boring
karabo mathebula : play store is useless
a google user : very headache
siddhesh pawar : boring game bc
a google user : memory consuming game
joseph stalin : wastage of time and internet
a google user : mean game addicted
a google user : fake game of world
farzana p : this is a bad game
anand yadav : very bad game
john carpenter : sini downloading
a google user : its waste of time
jason gibson : worst game
sujon siddique : bloody game mates
ikb tech : graphics not good
giriraj gharge deshmukh : contorl is not best
sohail shaikh : grafics are little better
anthony infante : this app is terrible
aashiq iqbal : this is waste game
a google user : worst game in the world
armandeep singh : thanks
a google user : it is very bad
ajay sharmaa : very bad games
zaizai da best : not good at all
mahesh vyas : very bad game
eric tindol : well how about being jealous
a google user : very boring game
a google user : players are not attractive
sachin dubey : very bad by ever
shalini arya : too scary
txmgxx g : terrible graphics and plot
a google user : it is bad game
chraheem raheem : it is very bad game
a google user : graphics are too bad
jacob lutge : asome
a google user : its the worst game
pappu shetkar : i hate this game
zz_chris__ : it not that good
meraj ahmed : such a boyz thing
harry lewinton : it sucks arse
arif arman : waste of your time
a google user : this game is bad
ty law : always crashes
agam singh : very bad game is this
arshan khan : very bad game
teja numburi : very dirty game
himanshu patil : no words to describe
oscar ciprian : i loved this game
durga vati : i hate this game
reenu gupta : due to an error of 905
a google user : really awkward rewards
shubham yadav : hate it
a google user : very bad graphics
k rajeswari pradhan : so large and lenthy
keshav usendi : very bad game
aaiz malik : it is a very very very very bad game
a google user : downloading very slow
a google user : i hate this game
shaheen khan : i hate this game
409 das sudheer kumar : what a bullshit game
madhav lal das : extremely biker challenges
uzziah anderson : this game is the bomb
james hinkle : remove frequent crash
gopal choudhary : very bad control
sbusiso rashoalane : it is slow when downloading
jesse guliker : kind of scrappy
legend anshuman : very bad game
jay nakum : i loved this game
jitendra bhati : i hate this game
a google user : very boring game
a google user : its really hard
charles demers : dumb physics ruin it
amir : i sad with this games
aravind kulkarni : worst game in the world
roman reigns : very bad game
a google user : i kill this game
mubeen hammad vlogs aka mobiii : controls need to be changed
arya raskar : not at all good
santhosh durai : very veryyyyyyyyy boring
jr vk : i loved this game
a google user : no download properly
cheryl zacek : i love the game it is vary fun
a google user : this is some cool.
a google user : the best game i ever seen
darks : good graphics it'awsome game
sunil kr kumar : it is awesome game.i loved it
rai star : good game.great graphics
tanim hossan : very nice.but obline play
rishabh raj : very very very very very much much more much bad bad bad bad
amanda baker : it is the best game in the world!!!!!!!!!
downut : the best!
a google user : it's very interested
a google user : it's an awesome game
md mahim : this game's
shivu prasad : awesome games. super
greg eberhardt : it's the best
its stef425 : it's awesome to play
bhavesh singh : it's interesting one
gururaj khainoor : fantastic game ever.
a google user : i think it's to good
tony plays : i think it's amazing
nehat avdiu : prety good game, lovely .
prakash pakki : i love it very much
shashank kathat : it a good game,
megan burton : it's really fun
soham keny : it's awesome
asha chopdar : very nice game.
dana turner : it's ok
tristan edwards : it's a good app
miroku tv : nice gameplay & great graphichs
a google user : it's good game
sheco hesham : it's very good
a google user : it's very good
younus khan : it's nice game
a google user : it's very nice
a google user : it's cool game
a google user : it's good game
rudra modi : it's best game
kyle wade : it's cool brub
shreyash ashtekar : it's nice game
ttv pups : it's very good
a google user : it's nice game
don chandu : it's nice game
a google user : it's good game
kamal mohamed : it's good game
kushal haval : it's nice game
basil hawkins : its addicting.
maxwell foster : i loved it that's all
rinkesh rana rinkesh rana : it's a wonderful game
deepak agrawal : this app is fuc
sridhar naidu : very nice from naidu
sahil sharma : hmmmmmmmm. thats good
srishti vaidya : this game is not that much convinent....
a google user : awesome game ! love it
jocelyn wilkinson : it is awesome make a nother one.
pubg bolte : i love this game and very good graphics .............
subhani shaik : greatest challenged game & courage
dylan tranter : this is amaxing!b-)
toby roberts : i really like this game!!!
skylar leach : better than mincraft..........jk but great game
darshan : awsm super stunts ..........:with nice bikes
chandrashekher barnwal barnwal : thanks for your effort into this one and ................i l you
biswajit kar : my. thinking is very..............beautiful game.beautiful grapics
derek reynolds : s*** on top of more s***
deepak sharma : it's very beautiful game
prashant kumar jha : good game for children's
nt.killer gaming : it's good game i love it
rishabh vats : fabulous graphics.
jetumbrella 5380 : it's fun and challenging
waqar ansari : wow.... amazing graphics
ritam das : jst loved the graphics..........
obaid ullah nisar : i love this game.....amzing....
lakshay's life : very nice game tu play...i loved itt...
tripleefl : its a very cool game you should make more
a google user : best quality graphics.
laxman rajput : that's an awesome game
nicolas orozco : nice game it's awesome
kaustubh paithankar : its an addictive game.
a google user : i think that it's cool
a google user : this is the best game.
bhagwan singh : this is one of the best biking stunt game .....
a google user : this is a very very very good game ilove this game
usama habib : i love this game.........
umang patel : these game is ............awacksome
yash kotian : must try it.....:-)
a google user : amazingness at it's peak
elmir rizvic : it's good
denise stoutingburg : it is awsome
evan eansor : it's good
max dodshon : it's good
ben farr : top game 150%
a google user : addictive and fun game!
a google user : worst games ------
umair khan : lovely. it's very nice.
vijay kumar : prefer to play without halloween update .........
diku medhi : i love this game... nice game and nice..... more
rishabh gupta : this game is too hard but interesting.........
mattia means : it's ass :)
lewaa jawhari : it is a great great game!!!!
miss miss : won't show the photos of the game.why?can you fix this problem?
mahendra soronia : very very very good & best game..................................................................................
steve copp : this is a cool game!
saad wasim : i love this game hahaha
darling yogi : superb game guys instal it good graphics......
s.p talk teach : best game in the world.
xgwnz : great, absolutely great
deaththego at : awesome, great graphics
a google user : best game in the world.
admd productions : wow that's awesome game
a google user : love the game lol y'all
ketki telangi : this game is very nice game
kamal solanki : very very very very nice game
dylan l : great game and great graphics and great time killer
emily powers : loving this game!!
yedhu krishnan : a wonderfull and very exiting game and easy to control wow its ossummmmeeeee.
sunny pawar : loved it.. !
mudit : it is a very cool and good app
akash sawarkar : loved it.. so addictive
suzon mahmud : it's awesome!!!!
jaypee echano : it's so good
mingo gallegos : everything is awesome :)
rajesh singh : it's so nice
roy smith : this game is cool
geoffry george mathew : cool graphics!!
swarnendu mondal : good.....but not amazing
jarod wilde : it's great !!!
josh wilson : it's 5 star
abidur rahman : nice and interesting
keeley chapman : great game!!
md limon hasan : its a nice game... so much challenging...
kamaria smith : i love playing it every day !!!!!!!!!!!
saif afzal : awsooome game love it.....great job
a google user : this is not good this is not good
nithya nantham : it's very nice to play.......... you also play.....
kkkk..... its very inresting...........
dino felix : nice game very nice game!!!!!
maria packiam : awesome play but .....not up to the level
alex lopez : it is the best game i have ever played
rofikul islam : osame game ... easy to control ... loved it..
a google user : was really cool!!!!!
pradeep tarai : this is nice1...i love this type of game...
nevin reed : great, addicting, and amazing
elias g : its really cool!!!!!!
farhat zee : its an awesome game..
nadim rahman khan hero : super game..love that
md.mofazzal hayder khandaker : loved the graphics.
suraj gope : awesome experience
sports fitness equipments dealer : owsum n one of my fv8.....
fardin bashar : it's an awesome,loving and challenging games yooooo.
dipankar mahanta : aswom amazing outstanding manebloing appic historic....
somit kumar : don't download it....waste of 397 mb
lovin tiwari : awesome ,,, love it !!!
mukesh kumar : good please download it
jake ogosi : good graphics. liked it
emanuel robinson : $upah cool $upah /cool cool
a google user : it's an addictive time killer!!!!!!!!!!
zareena raza : poor game i hate this game
mark kerekes : its weary weary poor
adithya rajesh : i can not download the game improve it
a google user : i like this game too much
mike hagley : will never connect with servers when first loading
sarath t c : cant open in my snapdragon 820 processor
web osama : this app is not on
megan combrink : gust update the game and make more stages
asad kazmi : it takes many space
suma j : need to improve much graphics and many more
kenneth reeves : bg hey
shadrack : i uninstalled this because it keeps closing why why why why why
william rookey : cant even watch the preview of the game
slyboyx gaming : i even play this game on my xbox
jackson schmidt : sucks butt it wont let me play it
anoj manandhar : quality low display
seanog hayes : it is a class game
ravi kumar reddy : the game is not installing in my phone
ludwig dion. : the physic of this game suck
tyler zuber : the game is like my new drug
unrealswap : it stop s on 93 download ing
jay winczewski : it wont load the game
sharon kelly : i think you should have this game
touka kirashma : are they going to make a 5 game
angelo buncag : as an app can play
oakbot : well the pictures look nothing the game
teo rodriguez : what the hell is this this suvks
rakesh bahmania : its ok game for child and han being
justin thomas : when i was playing it was catching
69_narendra yadav : wow but i want this game offline
kethan yadav : it will take lots of time to download
mark phillips : game installed but would not open
eoin d : epic but takes up to much storage
arbab shahbaz : its take a lots if time to download
rina das mallick : my son like it very much
nadim khamis : why whe should buy levels
tristen hart : sucked cant make it past half the levels
satendra gupta mr.satendra gupta : it so very mast game s
arjun rathod : i think not this game is very xtrem
a google user : this game i like so much
lavu dileep sai : please launch cricket in your series
a google user : the game is ok i perfer 3
ben stokes : ok but it took a lot of storage u
hayden gestring : i like the game but upgrade the graphics
a google user : i like my gf not this game
shoaib haroon : i like this game but it contains adds
carl sale : why so much data to down load
sohaib khan : my brother have this game in tab
nikhil kumar : this is rial raching game
a google user : i like this game is collected by the way
shahzad production : its not working on bluestacks
muhammed sajjaad wookay : i think a number 5 will do
assassin's oz : super bike raceing am downloading now
faisal khan : it is not installing in my galaxy s2 why
a google user : please make it of less mb if possible
matthew alexander garcia : i cant play it the first time i downloaded it
suraj xtylish : too many adds but xlent game
nigga waz h3r3 : do you need internet to play this game
rosalie amaya : it took like an hour to download
christopher gomez : dont play this it is inopprorate
a google user : it is an extreme game for playing in a free time
shimul onush : i jst lv this game very much
joao punda : west pro
gunjan gautam : this game rocks
ahlam asfour : they didnt let me play
jalissaerica king : you should download it
nathan moore : pls make more bikes and clothes l
rupendra gurjar : like a little too much for your game
dhaval patel : nice game guys let's play it.....
meatloaf boi : this looks awesome
austin kugan : it is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!!
samad khan : nice graphics.....gooood game
aryan sharma : awesome game...and graphics. ....
a google user : its a good game......... especially for time pass
current reviews : worse game of my life
private : cool!!!
maya tamang : this game is a whom trial xtre like this game
anish karki : icant stop playing........................................
larry james : i hated it
tech future : its to good..
a google user : this game is fricking lit!!!!!
israel perez : it is cool
pallavi naralkar : most cool game..........
winterwolfboy gaming : its epic!!! now i can play this for a year!!!
sukhvir singh : cool
dameas wolf : great graphics!
saahil aaryan : super loved it!
jonathon palmer : love this game!
a google user : amazing background beauty...
a google user : wow wow wow........ its very hard and funny
reeyal dabrase : trial extreme 4 1st extreme game in the world
falume gabriel augusto augusto : very very game e muito board
a google user : i like this game in tha moto racing game
vishwjeet kumar : i like this game but this game is very large
aditya tiwari : this is very bad game in the game histroy
babu rao l : what can i tell about this game it is a super game
steven doncel : this game for me its a god game
deepak sharma : what should i do
werner myburgh : app does not even open on nexus 5 with lollipop os. never even got to play the game.
tharu walahena : this game is good game
lovely sinha : it's amazing plz download this game
srivatsa bhat : very bad graphics
john jerwin guzman : cavs won!
a google user : it is really nice.
vignesh vijay : can anyone beat this game ? because this is the best game ever man
amir anan : that is a game .best game
wow kidzz : neither too bad nor too good
juneid zaman : one of the best stunt game.....
lemon king : awesome at game ever!!!!!
coboy op : i think it's a cool game..
corina sperniac : it's so coll :-)
a google user : epic game , good graphics
md ikbal hossain sazib : i love this game..
daelen perkins : i love this game:)
psycho dog100 : love this game
a google user : i. loved. this. game.
sausagebear : this game is fun.
aditya sharma : intresting game... love it
prasad ullangula : hemanth sai
ryan addison : this game is the best ever.
ernest mwamba : what a good game !!!!!
blake huff : it is an awsome game!!love it!!!!!!
sahil rawat : the game is awesome!!!!!!!
shalmon holkar : great. great game
a google user : badeat game ever ..... chutia game
jordan lunn : 4 stars because since the update i lost all my coins and the levels i had unlocked became locked again
_neoncho_ choguild : so smooth
aaron griffith : i dont see how u guys are having problems????? it works just fine for me
mik mik : really good game !!!!!!!!!! love it
anand tundelkar : just love the game...
anthony rivers : that's the motto ni$$a .yolo.
shashank makwana : awsm..game......i love it..
a google user : couldn't play it.... wouldnt let me
umang bansal : nice gameplay
anant dhiman : i love this game this game is very good this game is racing game.
keenan bryant : fun or watever
joekeyel puchong : the game is the best control!!!!!!!
abby gleeson : does this game need internet?
a google user : i really loved it...
venkat surya : nice game ....and averages
afroj alam : great game
mainak hait : its a lovely game...
chad africa : loved it people
theodore nepomuceno : i love the game
dustin cook : its good but... fix the glitches
lucas bastos : cool, looooovvvve it!!!!
logan mainwaring : beast
sheldon daley : games great graphics aren't great
varun gowda046 : horribleness!
ajay rajbanshi : this is the game i want!
nasir lytell : it's great!!!!
md al amin shanur : good game and control.i love this game
dimple puthran : awesome game good graphics
a google user : good graphics and good game
a google user : legendary ha!!!
a google user : really cool! !!
robert69 : it's totally free
a google user : it is so fun !!$$$$
a google user : graphics are awesome!
umar khan : it is an awesome game .....
putu v yuharta wijaya : exciting
abhisekh singh : my lovely game...
jyothi suman : is it only trial game or fully free????
flynn rockstar : hard and real game
ian francis : i like it, the stunts.
a google user : nice game good graphics
a google user : very#very##very###nice game
balaant singh : nice. and. addictive
md asif : fully boring
shyam patel : but tx 3 was best man,.......
shahzor52552 mujtaba : don't think about this game
nilesh jain t_27 : great game loved it
nyc sha : this is a good game
a google user : very addictive!!!
satinder singh : love this game!!!
a google user : i like this taip of game
a google user : awesome!!!!! loved it!!
chesnie hawkes : love the graphics!!!
maithil : nice graphics!!!!!!
crazyvekky : i thing this game is amazing
chetu a l : i loved this game, it is very nice,,,,,,,,!
marcos lagunas : it's good.
samiran koley : it's good.
alex iulian : it's fine.
jake mysh : good ok horribly awesome!!!!!
a google user : awesome .....i love it
malik awais : very niceee game.....
jacob3 bass : takes for ever to download
a google user : please improve the graphics.
rakesh prajapati : best racing game ever
vinay donare : nice game good graphics
pihu g : good graphics
a google user : is it online??? or offline.i don't know can anyone tell me? how it is??
manje gowda : i love this game alot
wesley hicke : would not open the game without letting it access files on my device and then after i agreed it would not open so i uninstalled it
mukesh tiwari : it is the best bike game
simran kahlon : are all levels free?? or not??in part 3 we have to unclok by paying money
a google user : it is fun
a google user : its a good game
adnan yaseen : lot's of fun guy's
harsh seth : nice but some glich
a google user : it's good i it's good
divyank hirekar : is this an online or an offline game?
raj kumar : not good but nice
f8 studios : old player loved the new version
obakam simeon : stupid racing cool app
seema devi : want to play every time !!!
lalima : simply stunning....
harun kashif : nice..... and lovely
krishna kumar : one of the best racing game
rahul chowdhury : good. but tough.
harshal rangari : i don't want this game.
mr.b mr.b : this is abest game of world.....
batcow gamer : it's so awsome!!!!!!!!!!
rahul kumar singh : no medal no reward only when online what the f.........?
hayden sim : no words to describe how great it is
jordan tarrence : i love this game...
ryker schingeck : what the
abhishek yadav : this
parth ambre : awesome graphics n gameplay
raza zafar : lovely game and easy to play
johnathan casias : its great
agarcia4270 flores : nice game that you made
a google user : good game with good graphics
shubham sharma : awesome graphics great game
bhairab barman : very good and addictive game
a google user : awesome game great gracias
mind relaxing sounds : good graphics and easy to play
tyler corpus : love it its fun and addicting
a google user : nice game and good graphics
a google user : so cool and good graphics
arslan shakeel : best trails game ever
yail fernandez : good motorcycle games
rehan kazi : the game is sufficient and enjoying
a google user : it is very fantastic game
a google user : very easy and good acceleration
1rod1reelfishing garcia garza : it the best game that i have
aj freaky cracker : all features of this game is awesome
abisheek gouda : makes addictive
arnav kumar : this is so awesome game
divya jain : nice graphic very good
erika tovar : i think this game is cool
a google user : my love is hayati
sonia mahajan : because it is interesting
dinesh gc : i think it is best game
alam siddiqui : very fantastic game
krishna gavhane : it is very beautiful
a google user : this is superb and best yaaaaar
hardik patel : i love it this game
olim lhouvum : not that bad though
naveen sait : this game very interesting
a google user : his new update is good
a google user : very nice game
honey gupta : bindassssss and very wonderful game
smokey neymar : awesomeness at its best
a google user : this game is very good
anindya chatterjee : its a good bike game
xavier jones : that game was gnarly
dinesh kumar nirmal : best motorcycle game in the universe
leo schofield : aswome love it more updates
sikdar khan : the game is so cool
coollilayden wood : this game is the best and the company
mohsin afridi : awesome creativity of game developers
a google user : i love the graphics of this game
mr anonymous : giod exprience good game
a google user : this game is so cool
bajrang mondal : this game is very interesting
ramesh d : this game is very interested
chandrkant chandegave : the best game ever
jayesh davane : game is so nice
your boy : i love the game it it nice
siva sri : great graphics
thegamingbros gf : this game is essential
a google user : its a really awesome apk
shubham lohar : cool and for fun
franshesco87 : trail extreme 3 is better
cam kenny : awesome thanks so much
lejordan jamison : cool bikes and good graphics
jayden marrone : the best game ever
p stark : i love this game
gaming all-star : wow what a wonderful game
eli walton : a bit better graphics
nayem sarker : i just love this game
javier pinto : good game graphics are superb
arayah arce : it is the best game ever
chaudhary aman : this game is very nice
sahil shinde : best games in the bike racing
atifur rehman shaikh : it is very nice game
waseem karnaee : we love this game
rohan raju raju : its too great
bike rauniyar : very nice graphics i love it
a google user : very nice and good game
tahamina sultana : it is the best bike games in the world
kamant siddhanth : a great game and addictive
michael tipping : it is a good game competitive
sunil bobale : this game is amazing t
a google user : this is a good gamg
nirob ashrafi : i love this song
jltmastergxx jltgames1 : love this game so much
a google user : best game ever played
sandeep chohan : very good game for racing
ravi jaiswal : graphics design is very good
sufiyan khatri : i love this types of game
abhi abhi : amazing graphics
darren daniels : cool
hamizan hanif : this game so very best
landan simmons : i really like this game
a google user : this is very nice game
a google user : graphics good
cloudy wind : this game is awesome
dean amberose : the game is cool
boss free fire : thegratgame shi hi completely
mohamed el-masry : very nice game
luhar mahendra : i love games thanks
jesus saldivar : to hard
carly dobson : its an epic game
rushikesh jamburgekar : i love this game
itsover9000 : i takes to much space
susan england : this game is a brilliant idea
rana hammad : its cool
a google user : its fun and very challenging
racketmaker 221 : it is a cool free game
john hodge : good graphics fun to play
jessica moreno : its fun and very cool
dex group : its so cool
jessica herrera : i love this app
sairaj anvekar : it is a thrilling game thanks
a google user : the game is very fun
unish zone : this is very good game
joemari rodriguez : its good racing game
sabir kapoor : nice game download it
isela rendon : it is cool
md sameer : this very good game
lohit goswami : awesome game i love it
a google user : the game is awesome
noemy martinez : this is so cool gg
a google user : this is very good game
a google user : this game is very amazing
suyash patel : i really enjoyed the game
akhilesh kumar : very nice good game
babalikumar tasai : best app hai
a google user : this is best ever game
losted mind : it is very good game
samina chaudhary : my son love this game
anju rani : this game is really unique
a google user : verynicegame very nice game
ganjendra kumar : thanks
aadarsh tiwari : it can be more great
phil malpas : very good all round
a google user : very good and nice game
hr snooping movie : i enjoyed it so much
pes gamer 90 : nice game with good graphic
jesse cruise : this is awesome i love it
xavier garcia : better than on console
a google user : itsa the best game ever
a google user : this is the best moto game
yasmin morgan : this game is so awesome
danny cohen : great game
miracle tiwari : nice to pass your time
opozboom : it is the best ever
a google user : very mind blowing game
stephen curry : it the best game ever
sayansmit mukherjee : wanted babfame more realististic
a google user : fun but hard to play
a google user : it is a way fun game
aman jan : this game is beautiful
a google user : an addictive game play
jaimere smith : new tricks and all that
tiger beast : coool game very colll
vinay kumar : nice game awesome control
ashutosh kumar : the graphics are brilliant i love it
dominikk mercer : i love this game
patel meet : wonderful game for other bike
aman soni : graphics are so good
ravi singh chouhan : very very much good
ethan burke : it is realy fun
s k brass works fbd : it is the best game in the world
tyler scott : internet need sucks
brandon palmer : this game is awesome
himanshu bhardwaj : my best game is hare
tarun durbha : new thought of creating this game
revant pandey : wow what a great aap
trendy namrata : it take more space
a google user : cool against previous version
tearfullgodzilla 89 : graphics are amazing
steven kuzian : its the coolest game ever
algin bautista : cool
xavier wolcott : it a good game to play
sk comic dubs : this is the best game in the world
maria ballon : good off line game
a google user : super game great graphics
rameshwar lal : time pass best game
rawani abhishek : this game is very interesting
sachin singh chauhan : very good and excited game
elena ragone : it is great but ads
a google user : i love this game
a google user : best graphic i love it
anuj music : thise is very nice app
proeplayz : the best game ever
edwan baby : cool one there
cutebabypanda love : awsome game ever love it
rajdev kumar : i loved it all series
a google user : it is the best game for me
caleb luff : could use some work
priyanshu rao : its coool like xtreem
janine aiston : amazing graphic s
anisha khatri : editable versions of this email has
mirza abdul kareem baig : the game was awesome
a google user : it awesome and fabulous game
jonny boy king : i think its greet
pramodh kumar : very nice game
zaheer shaikh : this app is fantastic
dinabandhu majhi : this game is amazing
pratosh gujjar : best game of bike racing
syed khalid : this is very nice game
masterlord : excited to play
ashok raj : its lovely best game
marvin diaz : one of the best games ever
nishikanta : nice one i should say
a google user : nice not bad cool
romelio redmon : more people
abhiram behera : the game was so good
nicholas joshua : love the graphics
mohd bilal qureshi : best out of top games
laurel tmobile : the game is cool
abhijeet nimbalkar : very nice wonderful game
sandra natali : this game is very fun
a google user : this is the best game in the country
vijay nigam : good to play and time pass
robert mcmillian : this is a good ass game
ayan hashmi : this is better than others
vikas katal : it have good controll
paris brenchley : this is the best game ever
a google user : very nice game i loved it
shreyash pahelkar : nice game i really like it
a google user : the graphics could be better
ajay sharma : it was really nice and interesting
a google user : i love this game
makvana vikram : this is very nice game
pradip kumaar : i love this game
a google user : that is the best racing game
om singh : hound dog is a good day
hafzal hafzz : a very nice game
mamta gupta : this is second best game
nikesh pal : this game is very nice
a google user : great app must download
ved gaur : good game wow graphics
a google user : the game is very nice
pushpa v : it is very much good
a google user : this is so good app
karthick naveen : i liked this game
jafrin urmi : i lked it good graphicss
dipak mahatara : nice game ilike in the world
izah peterson : this game the best
manny baeza : great game
junayed salman : my think is very cool
a google user : very very good nice
a google user : shivam say that this game is good
judy robison : its the best game ever
l want to die 95 : it is a really good game
a google user : wow amazing games ever
jasvir dhaliwal : this game is very good
entertaining game channel : most amazing android game
noyal daniel : good enough to have fun
ritesh sonawane : nice game to play
ashish pandey : very good graphics games
dallyn lang : love this game
tawhidur rahman : tx3 is better than tx4
abrar khan : i love this game to play
avery claire williams : it is funny glictes
callum whitehouse : great game
ashmik sooryawanshi : loved it but is there multiplayer
achyut dubey : i love it realy this is very good
jobert rood : it is so awesome
md shabaz : the best in the word game
sujit sha : this game is nice
a google user : excellent game not of course
xhoni zogaj : ist very good game
roshnara xess : i think it is a good game
jacob golubieski : the game is the best
a google user : very very nice game
sahil 0909 : food eating game
a google user : it is very superb game
mia : its awsome really enjoyed it
aldo kryemadhi : its my best game
prince bairwa : it or a very nice game
erik gessell : its a lot of fun
aamna bano : it is very good game
finnley wilsonhah : its the best game in the playstore
a google user : this is very good game
aswin anil : superb gameplay and graphics
a google user : nice but very big
badish koloth : nice graphics good game
jake shepherd : lots of githes
azu bhai kakal : i think this was good game
soyab memon : they are very nice game
stunt x boys : so nice to play
a google user : this game is so awesome
matt fairfax : it is a really fun game
jose diaz : loved it so much
om parkar : graphics as been very good
kamal kumar saxena : awesome game dont download it
jayanarayanan jp : nice game its ok
zamya bradley : i love this app
matthew allsup : asome recommend to every one
a google user : this game is very good
amar khachkhouche : is nice game good
nikhil jethwa : this game is very beautiful
a google user : nice this by my sis
a google user : i am a very good
vanja stankovic : love playing it
a google user : this is very brilliant game
a google user : i loved the game and graphics in it
a google user : world best game in the world
a google user : i think love this game
jashan singh : best game ever in the world
ydsjoka : graphics are so increaseing
amaan khan : this game is so good
a google user : it is world best game
aleksandar velkov : crazy good love the graphics
a google user : it is very easy game
tushar negi : it is good for timepas
kamna shukla : so fun playing this game
amu gidhade : i just love this game
pratiha bhosalee : best but more mb
amir kham : bole tho rawwwwas
ged games : this game is great
tech bilawal : awsome amoled hd graphics
the melodic video : very very nice game
atul dixit : its best for android
tyler fitzgerald : this game is great
tushar jadhav : nice but too large
balbahadur gurung : but to much update
ashwini sharma : nice game with nice graphic
jaden : great but plz for offline
dylan philemon : i really like this game
kaiden reed : this is the best game ever
vikas sharma : game graphics is fabulous
christopher nivar : this is the best game in the world
a google user : thank u for prepared this game
a google user : nice game everything was perfect
manik newar : such a fantastic game ummmmahh
a google user : this game is brilliant bro
dabba croc : this game is brilliant
a google user : i love this game and it is nice
a google user : a good once game
a google user : this is best trial game
anthony freway : love it thanks so much
a google user : this is a great cool game
a google user : this is very good game
a google user : this is very good game
lauren brad adamczyk : pretty good game
a google user : this game is very beautiful
garrett miller : this is the best game ever
shaikh ismail : nice graphics nice game
baylee palmer : it is a good game to play
mohammad akram : its really good game
ishak sharif safin : this is very awesome game
silent killer : its best game
juzer chikhly : i love this game
manju ch : this game is supppeeerrrrrrrrr cool
a google user : game is so fantastic
sanjay verma : its a very nice game
common update : i liked this game awesome
aditya chandel : it is very cool game
govardhan s : good loved ths game
abhishek dhanwij : nice game and cool graphics
aliya roy : so fun off this game
suren bartaula : very good game loved it
a google user : very osm and good game
shiva shiva : this game is very good
john earl pe : this game is awesome
a google user : very good graphic app
fahim dhali : very nice and good
pearlin 17 : sourcing basic rebirth and why the duck
dhanush naatolana : very nyc game
elias twitchen : i love the game
shashank singh : lot of goodness
samsung 355 : herd but fun
skuller472 420 : awesome all of them are awesome
xavier grey : this is the best game ever
anil shaw : i loved smart phone
hayden vogel : it is so fun
whitney watkins : there is some plublomes
max k : that game offline and amazing
a google user : it is nice and latest update
eminem vevo : this game is fun and funny
harish komarthi : nice game but controls
rakesh jangra : very nice game and superb
gerard feenie : i love it it is the best
anonymous ?? : great controls smooth as ever
ramchandra zanje : its very nice game
kim young-west : its really fun
a google user : everyone should definitely download it
shaikh zaid : it is a very good game
rajbir matharoo : it is very interesting game
paran mondal : it should be a nice game
kasey chappel : great job all around
eric hopkins : the best game
manmohan meena : very interesting game to play
alf1e : i think its good
nadia hossain : best bike game in the wirld
noah gorog : such of the cool
a google user : nice and very interested to play
tushar gupta : i love the game
aditya singh : it is the best game in the world
karachi apna vlog : great owsum best wow
krishna chaurasiya : i thinks that it is the best game ever
sibly ninty : it is xtream game
ranker's game aggarwal : very nice game thanks
a google user : the game is very good
natalie mclain : i love the game
dr parvaiz harey : its very cool game
jake gilbert : big fat whilles
manoj rajput : nothing
a google user : the the game is fantastically gooooood
sneha gupta : needs work on graphics
burrito 123 : i think this game is awesome
sammy waite : trial extreme 3 is better
star songs !! : the game is cooooooool
ravi sugra : i hope it will be good
maha devan : veriy nice thi game
ocelachlan : amazing game and awesome graphics
veer singh : i love this gam very much
dan tgboy : gotta try it
trenton tockey : very fun and time using
a google user : very nice game to play
sakshi kumari : best games for growing children
sandy sickler : little bit more graphics
a google user : i very liked this game
khaksar umar khel : so nice game but
a google user : i love thus game
a google user : amazing racing stunt game
bablu khan : this is my favorite game
mehul shah : this is so amazing game
montez middleton : good and fantastic game
a google user : keep up the good work
balaji kumbarthi : good game super race
a google user : the game is very good
vishal saini : good game its a wowwwww
a google user : its is very good
shailesh varik : no arrivals for stupidity
a google user : it is a very cool game
a google user : great graphics and challenging game
praveenrajpurohit kumar : this game is awesome
rajesh bk : using from nepal
niya claybourne : i it is everything that means good
a google user : nice stunt games in the world
jonash grande : txm3 is wayyyyyy better than this
medo diwany : very nice thank you
ferid abdulhafiz : really i loved it
kamareoun walker : dam that elf though
a google user : it should be fast download
mohamed abdi : the turning needs work
anwar begum : this game is my favorite
a google user : very very good game
a google user : it is very power full
10-krisha joshi : coll game for challenging youngsters
angelo oliphant : the best
cooleycrisstin india : became me
dola's streak : i think this game is good
aross brown : i love this game dudes
rudra soni : it is good not bad
kian stig : gavin you are nice forever
moinuddin chowdhary : it is a very intresting game
tp ahmed : it is very excellent gamme
rhino plays : awsome game
a google user : very good and nice and easy
vaibhav patel : i love it the most
arihant stamp works : this game is so good
firoj mulla : its nice game
a google user : this is the best game i think
a google user : i love this type of game
cricket training verma : very good cycling game
arthi : this is a awesome game
atul chaubey : very good racing game
paul andrei basallote : i love this game
shayra jahan : need more innovative level
kris nolan : it awesome graphic brilliant
sambashiva rao : the graphics are tooo good
a google user : easy to play and download it now
aventicz - edits : pretty chill game
malek : this game is coo
jason gilbride : loved it so much
outdoor fanatics : the best game ever
rizaldyan aldy : free ads and give rate
manjinder mann : veery graphical game awesome
dip roy : good game for time pass
blaine hansen : it cool fun and awesome
dark clan : this is the best game ever
terry mort : works great know
anju jaiswal : good game for time pass
seema dadhwal : really very nice game
ullas yashas : it is a nice game
dipak wagh : this is really fabulous game
amandeep : this is the greatest game of the world
sunny kumar sunny kumar : sunny kumar enjoy the game
nala yearby : i love this game
harris lensony : amazing game and full of funy
maaz faquih : it is my favourite game
sahil sharama : nicccc racinggg and best stunts
namy production : so much good app
technical sujal : this is very good game
rajesh thakur : its very interesting game
dominic lopez : i love this game
a google user : nice good great game
gabriel granados : this game is so cool
lokesh e 19bba050 : this game is very nice
sumit kumar : awesome graphics best game
samaira usman : love this brilliant
anubhav verma : it is very interesting game
rupak mandal : its a sexy game
sachchitanand mishra : its good
deepak choudhary : lovely game realy xtreme
jorge martinez : its a cool game
pradeep tiwari : this game is good
a google user : very good game loved it
christoph du preez : its awesome and good graphics
jacqueline jenkins : the was really good and fun
avengers assemble mk 42 infinity war : please game
jay pithad : it is a wonder full game
graciee monroy : this game is pritty dope
oneil lunan jr : cool
sanjay patil : full low cost game
a google user : best game of yhe year
raigan lewis : i love it so much
murad pukhtoon : great graphics addictive game
chance israel : best racing game
a google user : nice very best game
soldier armor : a good game and awesome
a google user : very nice game for timepass
a google user : this game is best in the world
a google user : good graphics
a google user : good well favorite game
habib btni : its good game really
prajwal patil : this game is very good
lindiwe dube : it is fun
jman curry : its a realy cool game
mohammed elias : good luck on your results
syeda zehra : this game is very good
jifrin jifrin : i love this game
madan bora : it is my favourite app
jalen johnson : just trying to be nice
a google user : nice game very hard
hiti gulati : very good racing game
dwivedi nitin : good and nice i like this
shubham tiwari : wow that was a game i love it
ashish arya : awesome this game
a google user : it very easy game
jesse romero : this is the best game ever
rashid shamim : its really a great game
jabran khan : perfect play
prasanga bhandari : it is a very good game
jawed akhtar : fantastic game but it is hard
ritam manna : the is very hot
abdul nadeem khan : this is a very good game
t nagarajan : best graphics than ever
sunita toppo : very good racing app
aaron lopez : it is the best game ever
sonu gee : you please make it better
prince kumar : awesome game should try
a google user : this is very joyful game
nabil mob : it should be better then this
a google user : i think it is so good
a google user : it us a good game
andre oliveira : the game is the best
sajjan kc : nice game pretty much
faisal mehmood : trial xtream 3 is better
a google user : this is a very nice games
william mccoy : its a really good game
migel m : loved it so much
nithish a : nice but not much
hasnain shafi : th8s game is awesome
kabir tarkhesha : it s awesome game
suryakant pathade : best racing and bike game
brandon ntombela : i love it very much
a google user : its very nice i loved it
isvan sunnassee : it is so cool
colin trigleth : the best game ever
digital idea ismail kn : this is world best game
g.veeramani g.veeramani : the game is super fast
rekha sawant : its the best moto game
venketesh clasher : improve the grapics like realistic
smit vinit : nice to play loved it
shaikh rizwan abul hasan : game is very nice
saikumar kodamanchili : great very nice game
zubin aero : cool game must play
online tv dinesh,satya ,deepak : it game was very hot
a google user : i think it is best game
jaquel smith : yo for real this game is lit
a google user : very and very best game
manodya creations : this game is very good
sai nagarjuna : cool graphics
xx____xx : the game is so good
afifa khan : it was good and i enjoyed
ethan thomas : you should get it
alok kumar : this game very wonderful
saiful islam : i love this game
ali hosain : it is very nice game
matt welsh : i really like the game
rounak thapa : this is very best game
a google user : its hard but nice
a google user : it is very nice game
adeel minhas : out standing guys
abuthahir mohamed abdulla : very nice game
joel james : nice graphics chellanging
a google user : very nice and amazing game
shivam singh : very much action
unique robinson : i love the hole game
nishant singh singh : thanks very much appreciated
dabpoo gamer : i think it is good
a google user : i feel a very happy
ishika aggarwal : the game is very awesome
ty chittum : great game all around
raffy mohammed : this is my favourite game
crimson graal : love the update soon awesome
sathish kanna : it was a super game
bhabani mukherjrr : cool for future keep it safe
shreya dhirta : best game of trial xtreme
lalita ketu : the game is so good
a google user : is best game in the world
a google user : i love it thanks for asking
a google user : i find it fascinating to play
preet bassan : awesome game and awesome injoyment
bhagat sandhu : it feel its a reality
jeidon moses-perrotte : wow great game
suhail bhat : this game is good and lovely
dylan read : awesome ball smashers bruh
tk & timmy : i love it its great
anitha menon : wonderfully successfully accepted
a google user : this is a very good game
ishooter : this game is better on the world
cesar trejo : love tis game
fabian arzaq : just cool games bro
kenaram mondal : very good and also nice
a google user : nice but graphic not
jacob lawson : awesome ness pure awsome
sanni kumar : i love the game
adi date : the best
colby stevens : this game is so fun
imlisenla imchen : its graphics are soooo good
mikey chucker : offroady and you are so awesome
vauwcss hahna : it is very good game
christian corona : this game is so cool
jesus rivas : i love it if think
food and fitness : its a nice game i liked it
rodger garido : this is a good game
lilsxplayz : its good a realistic game
jessie james : its a pretty good game
jyoti halder : i just love the game
nagasai kodali : nice cool game
a google user : wonder full game and extradnary
ryan cruz : this game is so cool
zain ashrif : this is very good game
siddharth jain : medium but good and it was to veb
sukhjinder singh bdpo : this game is so great
ian nichols : frucking awesome
biku magar : its have nice categories
ariya rajbanshi : this game is vary nice
riley campbell : its a good game to play
benjamin cunningham : i really liked this game
nasratullah walizai : i think about games good
derrick martinez : awsome always wanted it for nook
kevin ceka : nice is a good game
a google user : very nice game
sandeep kumar : good app very intresting
a google user : good graphics and enjoyable game
hussain javed : awsome stund and adventur game
ja nation : suck your mother i love it
andile madanha : its cool and nice
arshiyan khan : who make this game this is amazing
jim evans : it is cool
strawberry : its nice good game
octane op : best challanging game ever
a google user : interesting game in my life
humera khan : this is very fantastic game
a google user : i recommend it this is a gr8 game
raja mishra : excellent and good prefom
amol dange : its a very nice game
l,a,b stile : great for passing the time and and challenging
clayton dellera : i love this game
a google user : this is great i love it
sapariya zeel : this game are very adventure
a google user : i love this game bike racing
hasham sikander : pretty good game
clara mcgill : love the races
mitchell ellison : just to much space
mister a.b : this game is amazing i like it
tanishq bhandari : loved it very nice
krityanand sharma : please give me play
anuj dhar : this is very fantastic game
a google user : i think this game is good
tushar phugat : this is the best game of the world
diane buchs : this game is awesome
uti lizer : this is so good game
360 man abd : lovly xtream
ajay prasad ray : it has nice graphics
level 1 gaming : great game had it once
laura davies : tx3 is a lot more better
p bot preadator : it is so good game
altaf khan : its very much good
a google user : its cool game
a google user : very happy to play the game
a google user : this is my favorite game
nickolas jameson : this is a cool game
a google user : the is a adventure and beautiful views
yashaswi y : trial extreme 3 was better
ethel libutlibut : yeah yummy awwmmmmm abhhhhh
a google user : what in this game we can not skip level..?
valeria assis : it's so so so so so so bad that's it's good
ajay kumar.r : addictive game!!!!
abdul basit : good but not excellent
rshxrt : its so cool!!!!!!!!!!!
cody siferd : awesome but not to awesome
unicorn master : it is so good
a google user : very bad game
324 khalid : works fine but the bullllshit
love sidhu : good and control very bad
mohan kumar : good game to kill time
a google user : good but not best
julius rosado : i hacked it and it was fun
vijay samuel : i like these sort of games but i just can't install this on my phone because it just goes to "installing" then 8%
khushal indorkar : nic graphics &easy 2play
vijay chavan : it is nonsense but nice
a google user : this is so boring
abid ali : good graphics and great bikes
kartik kumar : good game good graphics
rajasree p : good game good graphics
shawn sundaram : this game is very good
a google user : all the best my game
secret killer : why?
ajay bajracharya : it won't open. fix it
a google user : when i download this game 4times every time it's get 100 bt didn't install in my phone. what shall i do?????????????
darragh devlin : this is amazing !!!!
arun prakash : cool game...
neha bharti : it's a good game
greg ketterman : hated it.
a google user : #this game is life
a google user : great game it is
a google user : love this game love this game really love this game !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
hollie lee : wwe wrestlemania 33 the uk and ireland and the other day and night and then
the next few days ago by the way, and the other day. i have been a while. i
have been a while.
shailesh gupta : great game's....
sufiyan humayun : when i try to start the game it shift me to my home page????now what should i do???>:/
bob marley : that's cooooooool
a google user : lmao it's awesome
yash gupta : it's very awesome
sameer qureshi : it's was fabulous
a google user : because it's cool
ayan ayan khan : super hit game lovely
isha rathore : good multiplayer game !!"""""!"!"!"!!!""#
s0nyk : very good game for boring
austin whitmore : not cool at all
a google user : cool!
therese ottley : cool!
mai : loved it=awesome
omkar d : wow it's awesome
emon barua : that's very good
a google user : it's was awesome
mahima gupta : cool play this
hemanth danny : it's fantastic
quintyn heath : it's addictive
a google user : it's fantastic
a google user : it's good game
a google user : that's amazing
arvind singh : that's awesome
a google user : it's good game
manish khadka : it's fantastic
kamlesh kumar choudhary : it's happiness
sanjam raj : best in it is the graphics
georgesta tv : it is the best game ever you should get a treil extreme 5
tanjala simpson : it is cool .........very cool
rahul kumar : download it.....!!!!.....awesome...
atta mustafa : amazing everything's
randeep : everything's perfect
bijoy sing : good game but......
miaad mottaghi : the best of games
rodeick lewis : love this game
abid mehmood : good graphics
olwethu siphosethu : good graphics
irene kaluu : i the game
surendra singh : it's fabulous
a google user : it's cooooool
pankaj borah : it's the best
nagarjuna k : it's a awsome
adil qurashi : good-graphics
a google user : it is a very good games @@@@@@@@@#
sohil sumra : it's awesome
sharayu rege : it's awesome
a google user : pretty cool.
a google user : it's awesome
donnie gilbertson : it's awesome
sabino cervantes : its awesome,
jorge perez : it's awesome
nicole hayes : great game
jignesh patel : it's awesome
cloud_ -rayy : it's awesome
oupa xaba : really good
a google user : it's awesome
william nicholson : it's awesome
gauti professor : great game .
imercu : this game is the best
spaz : can you edit your character in this like in the 3th one?
fsneax : it'amazing and beautiful
pathan fardin khan : nice & good graphics
aaron leiba : addictive!!! end of!!
josh burns : it's a mint game
a google user : i don't play any game more than 1 month but i m playing this game for 3
months it didn't make me bore
parul jain : great, is it multiplayer ?
tushar shirame : great game.
mohd zubair 786 : cool
sam saji : enthonn kopile gameada panni ith...
a google user : i lovethis game
xyz xyz : hated it!!!
cash mney bxich : it's great
pieter : cool game.
maralmaa otgonbayar : very cool
a google user : it's great
effaz ahmed : it's great
fishy freedom : it's great
seth matthew : it's great
omer layth : it's great
a google user : this game is very good this game is very good
ahiru quack : nice gameplay.
troy jordan : i liked it but i hated it
moses sano : "great stunts"
mr_mad sk : thank you for this lovely game
shamsher moloo : extremely marvelous
nazir hosaain : cool!!!
salim shah : cool game i love this game
sanjay tiwari : nice game because it is a stunt game
a google user : it is good game it is timepassing game
a google user : this game best and best graphics and sound
chandra sekhar : superb game please install the game
rebel hat : i think it is cool i love it
naga jyothi : superb game and very nice
alayaan ali : lovely game i like this
a google user : this game is the best
mona singh : game is really really good for timepass
chikuu meena : this is a good game and it is a lovely game
a google user : best game and the please install the game
wahaj khan : good game very nice game
bud mihsill : have fun in this game
a google user : videos of very very good game
josh caddick : i loved it and i nearly complete it
michaela fenlon : very cool game
gia amalia : thank you for the game
cooper b : this game is the coolest game in the world
aditya patil : i love this game
emir danish : i love this game
sahil khan : this game is the worlds bestest game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : this game is amazing and super game
priyanshu kumar : it very very hot
a google user : very cool game install this game
cael ward : this game is cool
gopal goku : great graphics love it
aashish poudel : great game i love this game
hollywood movies : i love this game
a google user : very very very nice game
a google user : very nice game
bhabin subba : i love this game
ben wallin : this game is the best game in the would
aamir khan : better than the third part
raj ahir : so very very good nice
a google user : this game is my favourite game
tamika maragh : better than txtreme 3
a google user : these game very good game
aqeel malik : very very very nice games
a google user : great game
ns200 riders : i love the game
talha qayyum : i love this game
73 prajwal sawant : i fell love with this game
mubashar khalid : it is good game
mk vlogs : very very very nice game
ali sam : i love this game
pramodsooraj pramodsooraj : this is not a bad game what a fantastic game was this
dylan adair : i love this game!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
christy cox : it's cool
longlasting movies : it's good
basically it's daniel : it's cool
natasha wilson : it's cool
draven martz : it's cool
suhel : it's good
a google user : it's nice
austin cooper : it's good
a google user : it's good
a google user : it's good
andrea dalton : it's good
a google user : it's nice
om prasad verma : it's nice
sumit rathore : it's nice
dr raj gamer : it's nice
abdelgader sawesi : it's good
jacob cross : it's cool
suraj chouhan : it's good
cavardo lammie : it's good
emma h : it's cool
nikita rawat : it's good
sita ram : it's good
a google user : it's best
a google user : it's good
landon oldham : it's good
sunjay : it's cool
a google user : its good.
a google user : it's cool
a google user : it's cool
kiran sharma : it's cool
valerie guyott : it's cool
a google user : it's nice
calab rupert : it's cool
she luvs rev : it's good
srikanth kothlapuram : it's good
jacob zuriel : it's cool
hazzaa : it's cool
chaot1c : it's good
jordangamz sletten2 : it's cool
syed wajid ali : it's good
a google user : it's cool
bhabya karn : it's nice
r e h u : it's good
mw_fakey _mw : it's good
john kwaa : it's cool
rajdeep kumar : it's good
kauwahnie : it's cool
jairo gonzalez : it's good
ravi chandran01 : it's good
a google user : graphics are good...
a google user : best game in the world
sajan sunar : its awesome..
tommy landry : well played:)
overdose_ meanboi : love it so awesome
warif islam : awsome game
shubhra sarkar : it's hot
dman green : it's fun
hasan tariq : it's hot
tammy ford : the amazing
a google user : it's lit
a google user : it's fun
sangram biswal : this is awesome..
roni mondal : personally perfect...
ravi ranjan : fast 9
sandhya gupta : this game is amazing l love it it is very nice game
imran khan : but it is some more mb even i can't believe myself to see 374 a large amount of megabytes...please solve it if you can...
unnikrishnan pj : i was playing it
a google user : don't install this game
jayntibhai gujrt : i love this game ....
john sierra : totally rad...
a google user : love i love in this game i love this game
parmendra jaiswar : very cool cool game
betsy knight : the nice game
arun madhuri : challenging game play i ever play this game
recil mathis : i love the games
a google user : this game is best game gameplye is best
darren caine : this game is awesome
a google user : my favourite game my favourite game
zarmeena naz : best game in free section
josh matheson : great game for 5min in the doctors
mohammed umar : better than better than better
a google user : offline game is nice yar
samsh sayyed : best game for time pass
jan be a star mcallister : nice game could be better
rahul tamang : this game is very good for nepali
harsh raj : very good grapics
vijay lohar : hummmn..... satisfactory
akash baddi : better graphics....
zahierul irzan : great but....
arman sayed : this is good
avi roy : its great...
taranjit singh : kuti game in the world.
c b : it is so fun to play this game it's mind blowing
sanil mavelikara : awesome i loved it
mihir tandel : it's good. can it connect with facebook?
a google user : addictive
nikki coxxx : one of the best...
christopher appel : great game
a google user : this is amazing...
steven taylor : great app. .
cr7 lovers : this is the best racing game ever
subham karmakar : nice graphics......
rk ornob farhan tik tok : very cool
aiden cotter : i lost more than 2000 gold i needed, i gave this game a 1 star, screw this game
a google user : cool.... games
ashrith ashu : cool.
a google user : good to go with.......
hercelena christian : it is fun
arbin ratna : cool game$$$
shrishail : cool!!!!
a google user : this is excellent
tyreece ennis : need to try this
toby barnes : this game is amazing
vannix : pretty good
deepesh meena : muhhhhhhhhjjlove this game
a google user : cool !!!
scott tufano : i like the game it is cool? try it
missy smith : love this game
a google user : very good game good graphics
lajayy numba6 : good but slow
fearless boys' : cool game bro
simon hassan : cool
pranav palav : good graphics..
hossain tripto : it's a full bal marka baler game...tor hendaaa madarchood.... bainchood
mojibbar put ...mixed ice creams...
would of funny videos discovery videos : is a must game per not high graphics please make a high graphics ok make a trial xtreme 5 ok by
parjapat ravi : it's cool....
a google user : this game rocks!
aditya panwar : fantastic time waster
kapil joshi : dreary tight
abhishek damodar : remove the gliches
rk vasan : good game and addiction
ethan johnston : beautifully ugly
nokcha longchar : easy controls....
teekshan heera gcet-199-19 : its.... good...
md juwel : ohh it is best game.................!!!!!!!!!!amazing.................!!!!!
adil kurd : it's great
rizwan rizwan : good game with excellent graphics
aj northup : great time waster
tyron haven : good graphics and awesome game
a google user : greatest thing ever
manjusha thakare : loved it!!!!
abhishek vijay : the game is a good game
himanshu sachdeva : nice game i love this game
jack crooks : its awesome!!!!!!!!!
arham saifi : awsome!!!!!!
omar osama : this is very beautifu
pais wee : i think it's challenge
gopal lal meena : it's graphics are hell
a google user : i think this game is
chakresh! : super .nothing to talk
ramesh g : worst game
abhi reddy : worst game
all in one : what is additional file? mean thrilling game
aaryan pal : good for boring time
jeremiah whitfield : handcuff
cam bpx : i think isn't working
jeremiah cayot : it's awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jaydan minecraft : it pity cool
a wish : awesomeness overloaded
kunal argade : chhe you what do you mean he you what do you mean
manjusha vijay : great effects
ameya chandra : why it is not installing is this a show piece or a game ???
a google user : very nice very dangerous
luke meynell : hated it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rajesh garg : my favourite game
goutu rammohan : bore don't install
arijit pal : can't play offline
maqsood pasha : pls don't try this
a google user : yo bro what's game
sachin tuzapjkxns : it can't be instal
michael gray : it's ok to have it
suneel kumar : i can't download it
a google user : i think it's for tp
joel tessier : piece of cake boi's
a google user : it's not installing
nasir simmons : love it so so much
sahibdeep dhillon : it was great game
victor ramos : this game is so crazy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a google user : simply....awsm....
riaz uddin : addictive
darkpine sonic the 2nd : will not let you into the game!!!!!!!!
a google user : good graphics
vaibhav tripathy : wt the f**k m dnload 201 mb bts its watch 24 mb............what is this.. u r cheetor...
vinod rithwan : this is cool
jake phillips : the best
lil jt : haters
kevin sollars : ................ yea cool
a google user : i think it's alright
a google user : thank's fir this app
junaid sayyed : i'm king of the ring
a google user : thanks. for watching
sam gamer : #1 game in the world
ranjit : don't download plase
jashan sharma : this game is suburb.
a google user : it's extremely faadu
rita namdeo : don't play this game
a google user : i hated it
andy lewis : allways glitching
a google user : it is waste
kaden oxendale : its crap
arvin bustamante : ugly graphics
aina sahira : i hate this game
prince singh : very difficult is it
jack taggart : rip off
aman dubey : worst game
a google user : its sick
rupom rahman : totally foul
saad naseer : black screen
nabin dhungana : shittiest game
11-gcetle-20 umer kashif : it is usless
a google user : hate this game
vanita kadlak : not great
mixed joy : shity game
jacky young : sick game
a google user : fall in love with this
a google user : its rubbish
blessed gaza : i hated it
dionandre ethridge : it is bad
s pruitt : sick butt
a google user : super hit
kunal shekhar : horrible game
jennifer davidson : it is a little boring
sindhu mol sindhu : heavy grafics
madheswar : waste of time
andy valley : it boring
sub zero : suck
baw man : too inconsistent
big sexy : bomb
a google user : hated 2
kabeer shah : very boring
shyam vagish giri : game crashes
a google user : super hit
rforster8 : really glitchy
mohammed gulzareen : sick fam
a google user : waste of time
briahna campbell : ugh boring
santhosh kumar : race waste
jornas : bad graphics
dayanand gond : heavy data
bowo mc : tryed
ashvajit nr : horrible game
kip guthrie : hate this game
saman momin : loved this game
zahara m : wasting time
tom doogan : inconsistent play
a google user : foolish game
charlie crazycharlie : absolutely terrible
a google user : it is sick
andre cunanan : beast bruh
lil mr : turn up
a google user : very bad
abbas ali : free hit
mohan rawat : sick gameplay
manish gupta : foof
jaketheawe : glitch and lagging
dakari waite : it was shitttt
kyle mcdonald : horrible game
a google user : so boring
a google user : worst game
a google user : very boaring
prashant yata : i hate it
gautam jain : loved this game
clint parker : fight
bethlehem is gay : sick fam
mini guru randhawa : very bad
a google user : super hit
anthony autery : trash asf
tristen hodge : not great
sreerag gamer : beast grafics
louie hollingsworth : sick game
eddie alvarez : sick af
goku black : i hated it
coc chatterjee : very bad
tamim mahadi : worst app
toms journey : it is sick
marie moreton : rubish and stupid
a google user : this is dumb
tyrese johnson : horrible game
kaustubh abute : worst game
muhammad zidan : very awful
johin unni : good for nothing
joe mitchell : sick bro
addison giullian : horrible
status hub : nothing are good
nicola shaw : it is sick
manoj varshney : it is bad
john alexander : waste of time
a google user : waste app
loose vids : you beast
a google user : waste of time
eizat khan : wtttttt????????? the hellllllndamn tx3 is better tdamn its a sucking game the one who made it is a big noob
shaqlen creation : it's a crazy game
kamlesh singh : very good and lapppp
ankur paul : mind blowing game
malik_the_god07 : i love the game
kiran mondal : i love this game
haha jokes : very well made
a google user : very nice game
92-ritesh mahii : i love this game
zaid ahmed ahmed : this game is awesome
subhash patil : game is very fantastic
rishabh sharma : i love this game
a google user : this is a good game
kala khan best khan best boost : it ws good
a google user : it is so fun
a google user : it is good game
a google user : this game lit
sush1 : it was so fun
a google user : good graphics and challengey
a google user : very cool game
tejas kumar : this is wonderful game
djrbrene dheoebeiebe : it awesome thanks
a google user : very nice game
edgat munk : love the game and the graphics
shyam sunder aggarwal : very good graphics
jatin kumar : gd game easy
omar ahmed : i think this game is good
tanisha bansal : because i love this game
1000 gaming : this game is best
pinky gandhok : the best game
jehan fatima : i love this game
kavita patidar : very nice game is this
ashish sengar : this is best game
juned khan : good game in the world
a google user : it is a good game
a google user : very very very very very good and fabulous
piyush verma : this game is best
shrawan gehlot : i love this game
aditya gautam : very addictive game
a google user : it is the best game
a google user : nice but had
hassan khan : this is fantastic game
a google user : cool as check it out
a google user : very cool graphics
a google user : it is a good game
segtar 360 : this game is awesome
a google user : it is very good game
keshu bhati : very good this game
seema srivastava : should work on controls
harsh raj : this is interesting game
a google user : it is the adventure game
manoj laxman sumbad : very nice game
pranjal shome : wonderful game to play
m zubair : this is amazing
jared meade : two thumbs up
subhash bhardwaj : thisis a fantastic game
a google user : very cool game
badcompanyracing9 : love bike on the game
kinan saymouaa : its a good game
mark allen maloon 3rd : this is amazing
reena dixit : it is a good game
a google user : better than more
sayeeda begum : very nice game
a google user : wat a nice racing
ghs lakhwaryan : loved the game
ha asad : thanks for best game
kamron walker : that game was awesome
drcgamer : asome game love it
a google user : nice game for playing
tech school : it is good games
nitin kumar : i love this game
a google user : realy beautiful game
a google user : good morning sona
a google user : very nice game
a google user : this is very fantastic
thangaraj thangaraj : i love it the game
a google user : i love this game
sourav parua : i love this game
subham : its funky it uo
a google user : have nice game
drbahadursinh rathod : nice game of the world
a google user : the game is awesome
aahil sajad : it is a good game
a google user : really i love this game
bishwajit mohapatra : mind blowing game
a google user : it was lit fam
somya sharma : my favourite games
karnail singh saini : nice pic of game
hashir mubbashir : good girl in pic
ashish rana : very nice gane
a google user : it was a nice game
a google user : mind blowing game
inder pal : i love this game
a google user : very good nice
cory phinizy : fun to play with friends
a google user : this is magical game
a google user : very nice game
international three star ltd : this is a awsome game
anshul rana : very nice game
a google user : one of the best game
dhanush nr : good time pass
tonmoy : this is a good game
a google user : this is good game
a google user : i have fun with this
khalid awan : this is a good game
mansingh chauhan : amazing graphics and loved it
netanya lane boyd lane : addictive good graphics
a google user : i love this game
ganesh singh : nice game ever
ajit jha : very nice game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
david scott : thank it super cool
thatmeatteacher 7 : i love this game
a google user : the game is awesome
wendy louw : thanks for the great service
a google user : this game is awesome
abhilasha kumari : i love this game
a google user : this game is amazing
ralph heffernan : i love it download
a google user : try more graphics
godwin varghese : very exciting game
akash rahman : the great games
debojit borah : good morning beautiful
a google user : nice game ever
a google user : very nice and interesting
sarthak mishra : its a good game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : its good game
a google user : nice game download it
awadesh singh chauhan : very nice game
alok singh : this game is superb
a google user : lovely game superrrrrrrrrr
abhijit pandit : mind blowing game
ayush soni : very nice game
darren chan : it great
the angry guy : it is good in playing
a google user : its awesome game
sujal targotra420 : this is a good game
ace_gibbon15 : xbox one cool
faizan gaming : i love this game
sajal dey : this is nice game
a google user : avesome nice graphics
nur khairin : i very enjoy with this games
anthony bustos : this game is awesome
sanju rahul : nice game ha
danish shaikh : what a wonderful game
a google user : it is a wonderful game
bharat gawde : this game rockes
darshan 1012 : this is good game
the lil vlogger : very good game
a google user : this is awsome game
anas khan : i love this game
techz explore : it is really amazing
hilda padron : i have fun with it
dharmendra garg : i love this game
sushil kumar : i love this game
nick javier : really good game
linda carranza : i love this game
altaf malangi : the game is excellent
kabuterkhopi mirtola : wao what a great graphics
sampurna saha : i liked the game
srinibash patra : mind fresh game
stinky bruhv trash xd : its very fun
pigu puchu : very nice game
satyaveer singh : i love this game
subhransu dash : very nice app
vrpros vr : it is a lot of fun
mr. rip : i love this game
anmol devgan : i love this game
prabesh bohora : i love this game
elias carver : so alsome
prereit mahajan : it is fabulous game
rajesh vandadi : lovely race game
cam holsapple : cool
amar singh : this game is very beautiful
hari m : good game really
a google user : i love this game
jocelyn lumio : asowme
harsha chauhan : its cool
a google user : so good app
a google user : the game is good
tumid. : best game in the world
khurram bashir : i love this game
darshan mishra : stunt is a ve good
jelay tordecilla : very nice game
faris baida : it is sooooo cool
vikas dhaykar : very great app
mitesh rajani : bst to play
lakshmi narayanan : good to use
manish raj toriya : very good game
rajan : this is nice game
vicky verna : simply say addictive
a google user : i love this game
aashish pandit : this is good game
a google user : wow the great game
a google user : good game download it
a google user : it is a great game
a google user : it is a nice game
don henry : the man who is legendary
gangeshwar prasad srivastava : i love this game
jaci willmorth : i love the game
a google user : great app yo
arif raza : nice playing
maher kandil : nice game by the way
manoj choudhary : i love this game
lalit pardeshi : very great game
a google user : it was fantastic game
destiny haas : the best game
alo chakraborty : nice control of the game
a google user : very nice game
shah : its a nice game
a google user : best game ever was
a google user : this was the best game
pavan prince : nice awesome great
pradeep bisht : best game in the world
tiegan c : lots of ads
ibrahim ahmed : nice game for playing
a google user : graphics is very nice
boss home : oviously a nice game
wahid shaikh : very good games
manoj jaiswal : excellent very good
a google user : i love this game
carl jones : great game
samir dhali : good but addictive
swarup dhar : very nice game
subhajit sarkar : pure addictive game
lauren mccall : its great for fun
shea watson : it was really good
official _tapper : this game was awesome
akshu singh : this is a nice game
a google user : fantastic game love it
ansh srivastav : this is to much interested
mustafa rizwan : very great game
luthfi pratama : this awesome game
aayush singh : it is a nice game
a google user : this is a good game
nick goehring : really fun haha
prem singh yadav : i love this game
lahan firos : less graphics
a google user : very nice game
alx hamim : i love it is games
sw harmse : it is fun try it
rahul teotia : this game is best
daksh mehra : very love this tria
a google user : very nice game
a google user : best game hai
chandan gupta : very good apps
monica mckellar : reassess
jerson jan camanal : cool
steven white : love this game brill
a google user : verry nice game
samsung cafe : this home is awesome
kumar ashutosh : best cycle games
md. prothom hayder neerob : nice game for ever
a google user : it is very attractive
james mcdanial : i love the game
a google user : very nice game
samar chaudhary : very nice game
a google user : superb game and graphics
a google user : i love this game
hitesh rao : i love it to play
muttafi prottoy : this game is amazing
surendra singh : best games on this mb
a google user : best played game
hari joshi : nice really loved it
a google user : this game is fantastic
a google user : addictive and good graphics
vk lamba : fantastic game ever
harley marion : i love the game
vineet tripathi : it is an addictive game
a google user : it is good game
rupa pant : these is a best game
unboxing paradise : this is a good app
a google user : it was nice game
heinrich mostert : better graphics please
amit kandwal : i love this game
a google user : so best this game
andrew lazzari : so good and awesome
abubakar mughal : that is amazing game
bushra malik : very nice and interesting
parvathi parvathi : nice the game
techno star : it is an interesting game
a google user : i love this game
agam deep singh : very lovely game
jericho manalang : when i play it i excited
pandey arvind : very nice game it is
thabo mokoena : the game is awesome
a google user : this is the lovely games
renjith sreedhar : absolutely amazing and super
pandurang : this game is amazing
callum prince : liked all of them
a google user : the game is nice
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : it was freaking awesome
a google user : its pretty good
syedshagufta naz : good gaming graphics
alex wise favour : thumbs up
a google user : please download faster
a google user : its a nice game
sunil sain : its a lovely game and
garen top npd : good luck with this game
mahaswata nayak : best game in the world
silent 819 : i love the game
a google user : very beautiful game
no_dad_dave 420 : this game is fun
a google user : better it low space
subin sabu sabu : nice game addictive
fraser lines : greater than the third
jayjaycraycra y : i love this game
a google user : very nice game
alessandro balugani : cool
anjali choudhary : it is a nice game
bhagyashri jana : the game is good
a google user : this game is so cool
sumon ahmed : it is good game
pruthvi raj : good game of bickraser
a google user : i love this game
shakil shah : this game is awesome
rajivranjan kumar : i love this games
the tyson blader : very nice app
vojtech kotlar : that is good game
aman aspal : need to play smoothness
bang bang : really nice game
adagio skill : it is good game
sausage beaanss : anal beeds
a google user : this game is amazing
vignesh menon : loved it truly
mariano mouawad : very impressive game
angel figueroa : its a good game
rajesh pr : i love this game
diplexlist : great game thx
a google user : that is a good game
pappu bacha : its nice game
nawaz momin : what a game
george stuckey : absolutly great and fun
panda gaming : work for better graphics
corwin horsechief : i love it it is cool
a google user : i love this game
rohan ervin : good for the time being
sibabalo botha : thanks
tushar gore : superb graphics
velen varrillo : i love the game
a google user : it is fabulous game
jared vanvugt : very graphic
llewellyn terblanche : touch screen
19cm028 rohan ingle : better than other
praful.v.bhindi bhindi : this is amazing game
dominique harris : awesome game love it
firman muchsin : this good games
aaryan jain : it is very nice
abhishek tripathi : it is good games
a google user : i love this game
murthy m : good graphics
tawakkal mazgaonkar : very interesting
paul photos : the time
black copy cat : i love this game
bryson pugsley : great game
rony chakraborty : awesome whoa
melanie meadows : awsome game
a google user : its good game
mohasin mondal : really awsome game
kyler nelson : love that game
brandon mason : this is a great game
a google user : this is good app
recav geeri : i love this game
rg innovation : this is very good
josef gilmore : game is life
victoria priest : lol my favourite
a google user : it is a good game
gangadhara h : it nice game
anusha gowda : was awesome yarrrr
kittu akka : excellent game in the world
mashesh mehera : this is a nice game
a google user : this game is good
a google user : cool my bi
nodzu gurung : thank u for the game
saransh arya : very nice game
suchandan mondal : very excited game
manuu kumar : very nice game
a google user : it is a reasonable game
tyler parker : love thiss game
a google user : very nice game
binod pokhrel : release from tens
akhilnikhil mall : it is good app
rajeev thakur : very very great
jacob mueller : really great game
brad wyckoff : really fun to play
being open : interesting
aditya agarwhal : very fantastic game
sukhbir harsh shilak : it is a good game
athul mily : wow awesome game
abid ali ghumman : thanks
mukhlis jasmie : this game best
harley statham : fun and addictive
travis ball : its awesome
a google user : this game is cool
a google user : i love this game
ashton boyles : it is so fun
gage hartley : great app
modi denis : very nice game
tripuraneni eswar : supper and it is wonderful game
pritam manna : this file is to big
rahul sharma : i love this game
ravi patil : very nicely game
herbert crum : what
goku bolte : its a coolest game
akshat rawat : very cool game
edgar ibarra : really good game
javiya heet : very nice games
sohel sayyad : lots of fun
saritha kudikala : super super thof
a google user : good graphics and gameplay
waseem mirza : awesom nice graphics
a google user : nice for we children
dx 20 gamers : coolest game in world
rosyam daniel : is the best game
arun kohli : i love this game
blessed panashe nyathi : the best ever
vivek rishikesh : very good game
manish sah : yupp best one
md. abul kalam : great fun and challenging
radha krushna patnaik : play this
sean jorgensen : it is good thanks
poroa gaming : what a cool game
a google user : this game is great
ahmad azizie : this game is perfect
rikus stander : wow great game
rungano mahuhushe : good luck with it
teamextxvardhi : the game is a great
om prasad : it is so nice
0verwatch gaming : the graphics are good
a google user : very good graphics
ahmed abubakari : game are relaxing mind
a google user : could be more realistic
omkar jadhav : i love this game
rana vishal : it was a nice game
talvinder singh : nice game is and poor
a google user : i love this game
ayesha masood : perfect game in the future
taimoor asif : really its awesome
kamogelo molao : awesome and cool
a google user : its a good game
durgesh awasthi : very nice game
sbonga ndlovu : the game is jst awesome
a google user : this game is good
rewaed : this game is amazing
sharon west : i love it because
robin clark : so happy for this game
zachary : i loved the graphics
ashraf sumbhniya : nice and funny game
nemours nemours : great with new bikes
a google user : this game is nice
pedro medeiross : the best game
a google user : its a awesome game
connor engh : i love this game
tellur : fantastic game to play
a google user : this is an amazing game
saleh youssef : awesome download it guys
wyle saif : cool
jothimani manickam : very nice game
a google user : this game is marvelous
ramesh senthilvel : too good go for it
wolfie coaxe : make it more realistic
talha maqsood577 : i love this game
a google user : its so fun
johnathan lloyd : great game
ravi thakur : its nice game
the fist cild dead : hilarious when hitting mines
sandeep kumar : thats the coolest game
a google user : the game should be fantastic
arsalan ali : i love this game
a google user : very beautiful game
0145 punam lama : very nice game
zain ikram : fantastic and awesome game
a google user : this is very good
suyash p : very nice game
prashant jitendra : i love this game
a google user : this is nice game
gautam karankale : very beautiful game
chaman singh verma : that is good game
a google user : i love this game
vidhesh patel : nice offline game
roshan rai : awesome game thanks
akansh aulakh12 : i love this game
a google user : the game was excellent
pinguin : wow its awesome
vinamra bhai : very nice game
super star chora : nice one game
darnell marshall : i love this game
a google user : best game of racing
guru.s. guru. : mind refreshing
gurvinder singh : this is a good game
a google user : this game is to good
seema bhosale : the game is nice
travis mcclaine : its very fun
freak i one : i love this game
s w : this game
jalen mcdonald : ragdoll is so great
mohit verma : i love this game
arjun nambiar : good graphics
cobraxxyt : i loved the game
sweta sharma : i love this game
pavan m k : graphics
george arbuckle : this is a great game
utkarsh patel : nicest game in the word
a google user : its the best app
kim sake : it is nice game
heri surarso : is not bad for refresh
lakshman lakka : i love this game
scott morris : it is cool
sahil singh : his best game
satpal studio : best nice game
gucci supreme : love it awesome game
rishabh ahuja : its fine
a google user : i love this game
meet patel : nice one game
sk amir : i love this game
a google user : thats vary nice
marcus ramos : its pretty good
jacob roy : burn the install
technical saroj : good in playing cool
oscar estrada : one of the best games
yash bhati : i love this game
vibhuu s : i love this game
cheryl gilmore : it is cool
babulal jain : amazing app for thrill
anuj vishwakarma : i love this game
a google user : full speed dowlod
kamal classes : best game of the world
jiten barik odisha fitness : i love this game
luis cabrera : you will love it
daimen edwards : it is good game
anubhav raj : its a cool yrr
raul silva : its a good games
harsh rajak : its a beautiful game
akshat kansal : i love this game
suresh yell : good supper game
a google user : very nice game
a google user : this is a tropical version
a google user : i liked the game
a google user : this is a good game
hari chand : this game is awesome
criminal zn : it is a addictive one
jaylen sinclair : sucks dick
rushit trivedi : attractive and mind blowing
a google user : is dope cool graphics
guero rod : the best game
vikas plaka : this game was fantastic
susmoy hossain : awesome graphics love it
a google user : great job on the game
a google user : development of the new good
bijoy raj dutta : very nice game
wera aguilar : like this game
a google user : it was so nice
a google user : excellent working bro
a google user : it is a good game
jitender dagar : grafics are good
a google user : it is a good game
putra mirza harraz harraz : i love this game
jack dog : fantastic game of the world
a google user : good quality game
anisha tamang : this game is wonderful
rajveer rathore : this is amazing game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : awesome download it now
mine real : it a cool game
indu bandaru : i love this game
erik laudenslager : it is very fun
a google user : this is the best app
javier ross : the best game ever
pavan harry : its very cool
nabin namrata : very nice game
hassnain shah : love this game and stunt
shehan rashmika : this is brilliant game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i think it is good
a google user : great game it is addictive
a google user : i love this game
a google user : i love this game
gajanan ingle : i love this game
a google user : my favourite game
lendita mulaj : i love this app
talie owens : the best game
datta chame : it is very enjoyable
a google user : just focused on graphics
amesha shigwan : it just awesome
a google user : it amazing this game
amanda miles : it is amazing wow
a google user : i love this game
josh nordstrom : better than bueno
rakesh rawat : thas good game
sonic gamer163 : the game is awesome
gaurav patel : this game are best
stephen pimentel : this game is cool
jayla lormestoire : it a great game
damn k : i think it cool
anand sonkar : love it awsome game
mike gray : i love this game
a google user : very nice game
altair : great physics and mind
a google user : sexy game ever
elliot hughes : great app guys
brijesh kalita : too much addictive
a google user : i love this game
a google user : its cool game
a google user : very nice game
janvi turakhia : i love this game
ansh : cool one
dyllian watts : this game is the best
william autumn miss usa frozen on : it is really awesome
shehryar rathore : its the best game
bakthier uddin badhon : i love this game
shivling belgudri : its graphics is nice
soumyadeep dey : very impressive game
a google user : this very cool
teja solo : it is a interesting game
rehmat rafi : i love this game
a google user : amazing game of the bike
harsh deep : fantastic game ever
a google user : best game of bike
santhosh paul : loved it very much
arvind jain : one of the best game
a google user : the game is awesome
dipak thapa : we love u
corbin hester : good the game is fun
rikam rijal : nice game ohhh
datz mee : its greater i know
a google user : hi interested app
ritik anand : this game is fantastic
willmcfc : good could be better
raj pandya pandya : it was a coooplapp
christine pack : its a good game
shanu mittal : this is very good
vipin kumar : very excited game
aditya bandsode : very hot game
trevon smith : it is a good game
youssif ayman : thats so fun
vivek kumar : very nice game
a google user : the game is nice
vahora anjal : thanks for the use
gibby the rodblox gamer : great game love it
mayank biswakarma : graphics is so good
jeff gerbier : very addictive
kamal dulay : very nice game
a google user : good but perfect
lastking guerrero : it fine asf
ashish gupta : i love this game
nick ohrt : its a good game
vansh kathuria : very nice game and
a google user : such a nice game it is
abidur rahman : this is a wonderful aps
cordarius taylor : its a good game
video's world : awesome game i loved it
technical world : i love this game
gourav gourav : this game is wonderful
vishal chaudhary : very joyful game
kodi p : pretty good game
kokkelipiimuxi : this game is awesome
gofaone sejo : this is the best ever
skull things : fantastic game hai
rajashri sutar : the graphics of the game are excellent
groggyelf220144 axk : its to good to be true
ramyak jain : brilliant game and graphics
a google user : this game is awesome
garrett wheeler : great graphics
vishal kumar : i love this game
lee gillan : i love this game
manoj prakash : best game in the world
sant sevalal global banjara : i love this game
fux deathtaker gaming : this is a fantastic game
mohit singh : nyc game i loved it
a google user : i love this game
xzavier mobley : awsome i love it
ghanashyam bista : best ever other
a google user : very nice graphics
juan joya23 : is the best game
sreerag addictzz : very nice game
sahil banjare : very nice game
elijah cox : three was way better
a google user : it is very nice
taksid : it is a nice game
thisara lakshan : its good game
karamjit singh : very exciting game
saurabh sarkar : osm mind blowing
amit suthar : the is game is best
rashmi rani : best racing game
a google user : i love this game
akshat engineering : it is a good game
nahalah j : its a great game
ankit thakur : very lovely game
davin poor : this is great
christian ines : happy hehehe
shubham yadav : nice graphic
elvi duka : its a good game
bright27 tenga : i love this game
jon luce : vere times cool
rajeev kumar : very nice game
joy mondal : thr superb game
mohit rajawat : i love this game
a google user : awesome son loves it
sandesh devkota : it is fabulous
nisha bhuyan : awesome thanks again
a google user : very good game
a google user : good and fantastic game
twitch blxnk : it is a good game
rajput abhi : nyc game addictive
amit chhetri : good graphics game
jabril ahmed : very good game
satyam kannojia : love this game
hanzala imran : wow what a game babe
king gamer 65 : it is so cool
shahezad friends : very nice game
anas ansil : nice and super game
ricolikes2talk : works fine
anns riaz : i love this game
olusanya femi : the game is good
a google user : nice game ye
a google user : it is really awesome
joney aheibam : animation is good
sameer thakoor : i loved the game
bhim sen singh : it is good game
ashley kay : amazing and hilarious
kip stanley : ayden loves the game
jdf fuller : great game
only gujju : this game is superb
junior paris martin : is a nice game
rishabh raghuwanshi : this is a best from rishabh
devil singhania : better than 3rd
sosop tila : good for play
a google user : this game is amazing
a google user : it was a great game
ghost rider : its very fun
lil avocado : pretty fun and challenging
siddharath jawanjal : very nice game
ankush singh : awessome
dj ganesh g : this game is the best
karan soni : nice game ever
a google user : fantastic another part
priya pillai : best motorcycle game
harkesh gurjar : very nice game
prem jaat : i love this game
shubham vats : love racing games
a google user : very nice game
haris rehan : the game is good for
wwe : title
sarang saxena : i love this game
bryan cowan : is cool yer
waris sayed : got it
manes tamang : nice game to play
tharuns 2002 : i love this game
a google user : it is a brilliant game
mokshit bhalla : best of all
sainaz iqbal : this is very nice
a google user : the update is cool
duvvuru mayuri : i love this game
c.moyisan chrish : i love this game
indian pro gamer league : it cool game
a google user : the game was good
dhaval ramavat : very nice game
a google user : why this is so big
wanda tucker : this game is cool
a google user : i love this game
tina sharma : it is a brilliant game
parker johnson : great game
anmol show vinakya : i think outstanding
almas shaikh : i love this game
a google user : very nice game
sohail abbas : good app
dr. suman sinha : wha
review by aj : gionee m2 the best
sunil singh bohra : i love this game
emari harris : the best game
atif ansari : hard mission
pasya : cool games and wow
puneeth raj g : nice and upgraded game
sanjeev bhandari : better on xbox 360
dj morris : it the best
a google user : i love this game
a google user : the levels are superb
deborah miranda : its a good game
mehboob pankheriya : best game in the world
arron burnham : i love this game
chino de luna : it is nice
dead shot : so nice download in
a google user : only nice ride
sayan mondal : this is a good apo
benji dudley : awesome game to play
prakash dhakal : game graphic is good
a google user : i love this game
yathiraj yathi : we think that is good
a google user : it is a nice game
vivek keshri : this game is good
dark knight : awesome game i love it
bablu bablu : i love the games
shravan sanga : very nice game
j miles : very cool game
sheri pfuhl : fun to play with son
amol singh : it is best game
pratham shonta : best game in the world
satej athawale : play this game
malachi castillo : love the game
saleh muhammad : good graphics
santosh kumar : good 3d graphics
saad ulla : this game is very very nice
sanju sanjay : good game and good graphics
harishankar meena : love this game
a google user : it is best game because it best
a google user : it very very nice
hitendra h bagal. nimgulkar. : bbest cool wow cool
anish gupta : cool game it was best game
navdeep ahlawat : good graphicks
kailash gaur : to all this game is best
a google user : nice game i love this game
jala khan : i liked this game
zyion watson : this is awsome
ibrahim hussien : this game is good af
haze sweet : best graphics
vaibhav gupta : download this game
a google user : it is cool so cool
dalbir singh : good game interested game
a google user : very very nice game
neel dere : best game in the all game
gabriela bueno : really cool bro
anjum ahmed : great game
lakhveer singh : this game was a good game
sujalrajasujalraja sujalrajasujalraja : this game is very good
mahesh bhoyar : awrsome games
wadood faisal : sign game this game is best
a google user : it is great super great
zach zamora : cool racing game
a google user : very very good app
babu subaramaniyam : this super super game
mariana mendez : it's cool
just fahad : it's cool
kelechi anthony : it's nice
sukhwinder singh : loved & lived with it
francisco rafael garcia mendivil : cool.
philip barlier : cool.
dezmeon montgomery : homeboy attack was a and and sexy in the attack
pieter ferreira : great game.love it!!!!!!!!!!!
sudarshan hegde : it's a very game
andre melendez : this game suck's
yogesh .d 004 : it's a mass game
hari krishna : loved it...
khimji badiya : loved it...
pavan kairamkonda : good graphics
vivek tigga : good graphics
paisawasool deal : best racing game
a google user : cool
savage gamer yt : cool
chevy schuchart : i can't download the app?
sudhir gupta : it is not so good.it is nice.
james bond : feeling the game.its gucci
michael morgan : cool!!!!!!!!!!?
rajesh taraviya : interesting game and difficult game
ritesh patel : it is very nice game
cash boy2988 : this game is fun
puvj : level 2 is difficult!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
a google user : nice racing racing racing game
hog rider : nice its awesome awesome awesome
justin cuthbert : saw jacksepiceye play is so why not?
a google user : i love this game! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
alicia cebrian : love it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!+++!!!!!!++++++++!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!++!!!!!!!!!!!!!!=great game
shahbaz alam : this game is very very very very very very good
saad salman : i love this game.it's fun
alfie barrowman : really good
marko jovanovic : can it play in multiplayer?
arifi ex : i downloaded but it's eror
arun kaushik : to play and download it
ethan mann : this game sucks, so don't get it ever!!!!!!!!!!!!
a google user : this game is rock
kaushal kharadkar : when will the next part be launched ?
a google user : it's awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
jiten dutt gautam : could not download error 905 ???????
matthew jordan : has trail extrime 3 been removed ??
bibin vincent : what the hell is ?
omar sany : don't download this
nick wachowiak : the controls sucked.
david miles : but it wouldn't let me agree to the license and terms when i tap "ok" (takes me to the home page/screen)
ethan hunt : i takes like a hour to download??? way to long
kaylee watson : i hated it
chirag yadav : very very boaring
ben schultz : horrible horrible horrible
eudes munoz : hated you
abhishek jr : crashes a lot
tousif ahmed ahmed : awesomme racing game ever
yuhan jimuel b tambadoc : oh yeh real
actual satan : the meaning of dope
minhajul islam mamun : need n income source
luka tesic : this game sucks dick
parmjit kaur : it is time pass game
vansh singh : thanks
chase : still downloading for me hi
vivek kumar : go for trail xtreme 3
a google user : small game but havey
shubham sharma : thanks
a google user : this is online or offline game
m : very nic graphics
trey drumm : join for free co leader
sakhile sakhile : this game is on fire
fun zone of bengali : 9c graphics
ratan singh rajpurohit : the game i cant download man
a google user : badest game ever in the world
jeremiah lawrence jr. : it totally sucked
risky : i cant open the app
haszeren malek : this game is also run
gautam das vlog's : look at this
a google user : hi very super games
a google user : thank you for this wanderful game
frederick bobadilla : will try
aman jayshwala : high games my
a google user : this is so coll game
jaden boatright : it takes to long to download it
#slugiey _hii : this game is funny
iconic ff : the faltu game in the world
josiah clspsaddle : this game is ok
a google user : tell us what you think
ricky le roux : legit and not horded with adverts
a google user : i like this type of game
jairam hembrom : this game is so instristing
a google user : it is aewsome game in all
kylis strahle : they are not even trails
tanmay batra : nest game ever played
mohd ismail gour : ismail gour
afshan shaikh : i loveeeeee thip app
a google user : because i was like this game
rizwan ali : please make it full offline
guru marley : super time pass game
junior calcada : u need to get this game
pavan kumar : should we pay for this game
rabey dragneel : i wanna talk this community
g-man 89 : its not what it sounds like
anjali sonawane : graphic are not like realastic
ahmed khan : as long as i live
amru pagal : pls make it without internet
a google user : it not only contacted
dani o : screen is pitch black
shaika javed : i think this game is super
dylan coward : it is boss
sanjib ghoshal : on the friend download the game
a google user : ass hole suck dick
a google user : how are you feeling now
sakina ansariowas : this game is wonderl fullllll
muhammed aslam : graphics and bikes are too baad
manoj manu : i never played this gameee
gangster : super graphics and stunts
tanjil islam shuvo : not downloading
rg basnet : hi hello my govinda
na bin : the game is very funny
laxman thapa chanel : i have no word
vijay parmar : thanks for this game
irfan ullah : i play this game
a google user : valobtime pass wala game
sameer ranjan : this working a vivo y21l
naranbat nb : car and volleyball nba basketball
a google user : tay have to do a coby
amaan shaikh : play this game one time
rudy medina : send free down apps
jacek szostak : this game sucks
a google user : this is very nyc game
jason bonilla : it sucks
james kenton : always been a trials fan
kulwinder kaur : i have no words to say
paras arora : theek thak h bus
a google user : can we play it offline
bill loukis : i wont download at all
tate playzx : omg this is my kinda game
a google user : i have been in the future
kurkis plays yt : this gam e is ming
mr. otaku : it is super game of stunt
a google user : att game very nyc
ashish shinde : trial extreme is like awesommmm
preetham cs : i am a fan of this game
nibha srivastav : i think it is anice game
a google user : wow use full game
figet spinner king vlogs : make a new one 5
a google user : all must be play this game
riyaza noor : mke it offline
donald wilks : it sucks wont download
cutie pie : it is challenge to play and it is free to
a google user : this take a lot of mb
a google user : please high graphics update
naveen venkatesh : we wont devloping the game
a google user : bert game i the world
sambath neak : poor than extream 3
tyuwan jackson : a lot of people should play this
yash yadav editing zone : how to hack bike level coin
k mohamed faran : it is very super game
sourab kumar : crazy game to chill out
kanav kapila : cos of its graphics
a google user : west game all of you
alexander cutajar : my ma is gay and dead
jack abbey : aho ever made this is a g
akshay karne : i lved it thi game
a google user : can go back to the beginning
sadman shahriar : my childhood playing game
raj ghai : not downloading solve plz
kaibiv : get the game it is epic
bong taclobos : i want to experience this game
kiran tinku : waiting for trail extreme 5
neeru yadav : tell us what you think
bulletproofag 123 : there is not off line
pinky khan : it is a very extremely game
gibeg beg : lets play together hahaha
flavia jonas : motorcycle
harrisan mugunthan : fishing trip
tristin m : make a tral x 5
taufeek gaming : i like this racing game
ari : i was india 1top player
ruben ramirez : it sucks balls
a google user : play this types of game everyone
brian eddings : i busted a nut to this game
diwash koirala : it is not being downloaded
mohd mp : i think its dog game
a google user : this game is super playing
siddharth choudhary : this game is so amejing
james scarbrough : looks like the one for the xbox360
rajani prajapat : this game is very osama
sahil alwani : i am this game in facbook
abhijay gogia : it should be more exterm
manaf naqvi : this game is very poor
priya raja : only 8 round available
sohag rahman : why not allow this game
wazeer : cant play screen is black
a google user : the game of play store
yash kashyap : this is very bekar game
samson daniel : the game is very kull
a google user : this game is very supper
a google user : i think it is a local game
a google user : this is very dutiyful game
liam bond : takes up to much memory
mz glam : i like the way the graphics are
a google user : this game is very massive
killer cool : its ok from what i heard in the comments
eric adams : wassup
lakeita lee : perrty
soumyajith biswas : it is fadu game hai
kyle rogers : please hurry d download
rakibul hasan : thanks for giving this game to us
kamlendra pratap singh : used data and not downloaded
a google user : this is really xtreme game
deepaksingh deepak : i very likely this game
cody christ : to many cheats
a google user : it is very entertaing game
vishal kotia : thank you for upload game
a google user : this game should be offline
kakaskagmail. com kakadon : this is poor game of world
a google user : the heck this game sucks
a google user : game is like real racing
phat_wrat : the game is proskillz
srinivas ks srinivas ks : thank you for your help in
a google user : i think very well
toxic_ tmac3 : it was ok for my opinion
chase thatcher : nothing
muhammed aflah m : this is very super game
niraj chavda : user interface very poor
karan limbad : very very well game
pradeep panday : a very adventuares game
filthy casual : its so awlsome
rodrick dotson : maybe its live
mr red call of duty : why is the app having additional file separately and game separately????
koshal kumar : cool...
a google user : cool...
brock : cool...
bballers vlog : you need to be always online to play this kind of game? seriously???
joseph chubaruk : it's is so dope
christopher smith : game won't load
yurshim ningshen : that's gud game
ritish sharma : bc mera review kya pad rahee ho saoo game download kroo orr kheloo bc bap ka review dekhengye abb sala lodu
a google user : excited......
libra brewer : so awsome
dr.gurjyot nanda : what a game!
fidel leyva : great game play it
jaggu jayanth : addictive good graphics
aayush panchal : awesome game play
asmita shende : fantastic and addictive game
a google user : awesome game play
nur sady : super racing game. :)
dhamaka creat : very nice graphics
nmb 68 rohith : nice game play
velasco juliana : it was challenging
vipin kumar agrawal : i love this game
tushar: the gamer : nice game play it
shanu kumar : very good graphics
a google user : this is a great game
ohie islam : its fully wow
anil malap : good graphics addictive
a google user : very good graphics
bharath kumar : its good game
pratiksingh singh : very good graphics
aayush sharma : this game is unbelievable
samuel madhur : easy to play
md yatogamii : its a good game
patrick cox : this game is awesome
anuj kundan : awesome and good graphics
a google user : wonderfull with good graphics
taufiq ahmed : cool.....
miguel bellemare : like the title says. this game is full of ads. even to the point where they are one after the other. if you can withstand the amount of ads in this game you aren't human.
pankaj kaushal : easy to use
raja sunar : nice gameplay
a google user : jordar game che bhai...
faiz faiz : it's make me must play this every time. please release the mod man please. thx before
aishwarya vishnupriya : good graphics
shekhar patil : nice graphics
kyzer bowling : the game is alright
jaythick jaythick : exciting
rence tv : good graphics
sameer ojha : good graphics
venu venu : good graphics
raj wakil : absolutely fantasstic
a google user : its good
xofluidz : good graphics
angad boruah : good graphics
samuel hernandez : its great
mohammed taha : good graphics
bhagwanti solanki : its good
pubg p : good graphics
rajesh ratra : good graphics
wish wish : how don't play
ujwal saini : it is a time killer game!!!
faiz kachhi : cant install the game
shyam kumar : what the f***k.
phumlani sydwell shiba : does this game require data to play it?
paul thuso : its cool
mintu ahmed : realy asowme..game...
cameron stagg : it's was amazballs
a google user : its a trialling game
a google user : goodgame of all time
a google user : it can pass
maiya rux : i played this on computer
karan singh : this game is owsame
zeeshan ashraf : very untrusted game
amazing heavy games have more fun : please make offline
maurice loughran : grate game boys
kevin quach : suck game
a google user : took to long to download
sunil m : app is not responding
a google user : very high graphic
roshan jaishwal : it s awasome
a google user : this is super game
the_supreme _ : takes to long to download
nikky bahl : its tym to xtreme
prince shukla : grandfather of all games
saidul islam rahat : download it
bipashwa poudel : bhekar game of the world
mr.mark manantan : it so sexually
neetu srivastava : very intestine game
vishal kurkure : tha supper game
hemanth goduguchintha : not as we expected
a google user : this game is weanderful
a google user : still i not played
aziren macmod : i thik this is a real games
poonam singh : this game intesting
kailashkumar joshi : grate racing app
roselle washington : what up
a google user : badest game of the world
a google user : world bus game
aditya yadav : besttttttt game in the world
sonu agrawal : very mast appp
sachin shah : i cant believ this
ashish kumar : think your self
cj jones : its alsome
a google user : this game ok for kids
a google user : more rider with the level
a google user : iti a yes for me
a google user : the game is goog
suzetta vonzell : it is osumm
ravi singh : super feeling of the ride
chandrakant thakare : very well game
purplelightmuchine : i hope this is multiplayer
pero vlkov : the first
chandan kumar ranjan : very extreme game
pelon : it is kind of ok
piyush utkarsh : this is the stunt game
ajay rajaput : 1st time try
thesiya vishal : most stunt game
tj : it wint start
a google user : you mean windows
chris harrison : would not open
a google user : so exited
a google user : wow ilove this game
maanas panchal : it is osm game
lina lucas : it could dowload
tyler anderson : take ads out
a google user : but not download
dilan obrien : i eat ass
a google user : i think is got
gautam banger : this is lasi gamee
ryan barbee : first run to begin
a google user : its not installing
james spry : thank you
cassi sharrett : ashtyn micheal sharrett
a google user : this is bst game
young desi dancer : version not busy
cool chinmaya : loveed it so much
edgar romero : it sucks
marvel boy : need money to unlock
a google user : this version is kul
nehru patel : what a graphics of this game
v.bhagavathi v.bhagavathi : it is a trilling game
davin azka : i want to sombret
fakegreens4fun yt : it booty
miyah boxley : it was thriller
bishnu krishna : thank you for this game
balaji nandha : real phatastic game
yuvraj thakur : please change grafiks
habib sherazi : beat every game
dani adib : the game is the bessssssss
a google user : very hd graphics
a google user : this game rocks
a google user : ostir game off
masase netshituka : takes a while to download
qwert qwert : is so god
latha b bhaskar : this is a super game
gulam mohd : games downlood
ssublex ff : wow everything is okay
snehal nunes : this game large
syam syam : try to get back
narus ani : it is a holly sirt
python : high graphic game
a google user : plays with emotional
lucas15133 rowe : thanks for making the game
julian mitton : so asome
diends sykes : at the first sight
vikash kumar sahoo : no iterest this game
aishwary patel : please remove the ads
damarion mclin : want download on motorola
a google user : whoooh ah what a game
pratik khanvilkar : game is so fantasy
bala krishna bhonagiri : the game is fentastic
a google user : ossam game in the world
kamran shehzad : need some improvements
a google user : tb inour red
aliakber akber : this game is king
sabeena gurung : what a gmme
erin frederking : allow to downlod the game
nirmalya chatterjee : ready 2 race
a google user : its a complete game
a google user : very preetyfull game
gabriel chinn : this game sucks
ali raza : bhatti
bvk 2507 : weight punda
ritik panjwani : not yet trail
ankit shukla : bakwas who is the made game
aditya gupta : chek the higher level
sri chetan : the driver and of king
txg productions : it sucks
micro post : it wont load
noreena lewis : this is awsom
christopher jennings : this game is asome
william carl uhl jr : but fi no
rohith kumar : this is a massive game
abu adat : what a game
kumar k : controllers are not working
himanshu modanwal : thik he hai
lover boy : very intrsting game
bailey brockway : steve thanks
pradeep s : ilike this game
wwe the world champion ship : very high graphice
chris daugherty : gay porn hard
a google user : so buetiful the view
kalava naveen : super and go intetest
aleysia welch : foot head
sarfas yfc : new tip of bikes
hemalatha hemalatha : too much ads
aman kumar : what a game bc
santosh goud : i like this game and graphics
sureshkumar ev oorath : it is not downloading
anas shaikh : too much fablus
nirman das : nothing in my mind
saroj sahoo : that was banda game
iulian macovei : fix the bug please
raj medical : this game is super
radialtea40 : this game sucks
sarfaraztannu ahmed : the first time to
ashz mariz : like this app
luke seward : get the game now
manoj thakuri : it is going
jayson katse : takes long to download
prateek pareta : bekar game in the world
ferison vastian : this game is extreme
mohammed yunus : will this be available offline
javed mia : this game is suppb
a google user : thank for the game
sunil kumar : the new game
wajahat maik : fit hai boss
aliza fatima : it is above game
a google user : not like the control
a google user : he was 3d game
meenakshi sundaram : i lover this game
kurtis campbell : mack a 5 one
gadafi ibrahim : should download
robert patrick : ld like this game
alexandra ruiz : you should download it
a google user : very full mb
jeremiah sarbacher : this is dope
friends tube : its awosome game
miguel figueroa : game not loading
kabir jha : born 2 ride
yaxesh ramavat : please
a google user : this is not downloading
pulla rao boddu : super mind boogling
demon's yt : thanks for the update and for the record
owl thanos yt : this is a faltu game
manjit kaur manu : cannot download it
derek reid : would not play
a google user : gudest game in world
sharda gupta : this game is well
vivek rishav : it very much mb it is
a google user : it crahes a lot
christopher prokop : takes for days to download
kanhaiya prajapati : its now downloading
a google user : very nyc game
arnav bhalerao : playing from 100 years
a google user : wow heavey hai
harsh kumar dutta : its not installed
chandrashekhar kumar : thank you for the game
manojtandiya manoj : they are ooooo
dhanraj patil : it is not starting
souradip dey : this game is wobderfull
rayees ahmad : just up to the mark
kanishka venkat sai : exiting game
a google user : it s ok
a google user : my favourate game
alex ford : take to long to download
abhilash shaji : please remove ads
vienna fallon : gonna see it first
a google user : wat a game auwsome
shivam k kushwaha : real bike race
varun saxena : what a game
a google user : thanks for making this game
aj blachly : it sucked
a google user : thank to made this game
vanish : the controls are off
kamlesh solanki : very super
harsh jaiswal : to much mb
a google user : wounder full game
sanu mishra : its a aussome game
bigyan mahat : no word to say
thabile xaba : down load
kirubanantha sakthi : i need to play
bobby tatum : everything should be free
a google user : free internat airtel
shubham j : the game rocks
vc pink : this game is dope
rajdeo pandey : oho supppppppp gameeee
iso god : to mutch stroage
balaasaheb chavan : experience in this category
ritik singh : not downloading prorle
alice luebke : boss bruh wassup
niharika ekka : world racer game
raghav soni : this game is mst
atik fahim : high graphics game
a google user : super game in the world
a google user : how to download this game
yhan yhan piang : i will try it
nilu singh : thanks to make this game
suchitra daga : very mast game
a google user : this is a fabulas game
chris white : takes for ever to download
manzi mikal : i want to play
sahil mangla : this is wrost game
rahul kumar : thnq tthis ap
punjabi mix adda : what a game
treasure chest of knowledge : thanks for making this game
reymon purnama : hard to earn moneys
lileswar kaman : at so gooff
vinnie delamere : its a alright game
mayur karemore : need some improvements
pubg kiran bhai : this game is supper
tazmeen shaikh : this is the man the rock
darcey lewington : it takes for ages
harish rautela : very extreme game
mikaeel sween : i alwas lov ial fusion now w hav i 4 moil v goo o u gus
wan zuan : why are me cannot install this?
mark rayan valdez : needs to pay for more lvls?
kaden morgan : horrible
abhinand iringal : can i get a settings menu for this game?is there a tilt control ?help me pls
harshil gajjar : free for all
a google user : it great
muhammad faiz : great game
a google user : great game
mothokwa tema : it is the best
hassan raza : its good
priya pramod : great game
nikhil dhanai : this was nice
robin lewis : cntrol are tough
a google user : love the game
a google user : good graphice
j_savage : cool game
the veil : great game
a google user : cool game
a google user : nice graphics
sanjay kp : best graphics
all internments : good apps
a google user : good graphics
bahraz butt : i love this game
perry mcman : its awsome
a google user : good experience
bishrul hafi : great gameplay
shafirol sehak : is so best
oliver penny : great game
a google user : it is great
alak sarkar : its awsome
abuzar shaikh : how wonderful
sonaba padalkar : nice playing
blake moore : game is great
rishabh bisht : its good
movies world : nice games
sohail ali : awsome game
a google user : all the best
dhanush chandra sekar : nice graphics
a google user : really nice
a google user : totally rad
damarea hamilton : its awesome
star lord : its good
jack lenton : love this game
a google user : this is best
wegado s : smooth game
a google user : is the best
cindy a : its cool
manoj k,r debbarma : hi are the best
ajay upadhyay : game is interesting
a google user : love this game
a google user : pretty good
a google user : good controls
a google user : this is brilliant
a google user : love this game
a google user : this so good
josh cox : great game
angel angel : great game
amit parihar : brilliant actions
a google user : it is cool
a google user : 1word incredible
a google user : good graphics
a google user : nice graphics
vighnesh venugopal : good graphics
a google user : awsome game
aidan fielding : great game
deep pandher : impressive pandher
karabo makuse : interested in in more
a google user : its good
jordan bozarth : the best
ian foster : great game
aman sharma : addictive game
a google user : love is life
gage knight : very cool
trip yount : great game
jake downard : it was fun
a google user : simply good
shahab riaz : classy game
deepak rawat : great game
a google user : great game
curse* ninjaop : awesome app
bggi lubana : its cool
a google user : the best
a google user : it is to easy
isaac craddock : its good
dirty bike : cool game
max egan : its good
nicholas feely : awsome game
nir shpiro : the best
a google user : i love that
lucky tripathi : great game
shoeb rider : amazing the game
a google user : best of time
raghavendra c.d : its cool
a google user : its cool
a google user : i think this is awsome
morgan pyke : great game
a google user : good graphics
a google user : it is so cool
sushila maurya : smooth touch
vighnesh chettiar : graphic is good
a google user : great game
ganesan devarajan : power full
kabelo nkosi : great game
a google user : its cool
a google user : nice graphics
a google user : mind blowing
a google user : supar is the best
morgan helmick : it is cool
bablu murmu : graphics is good
lisa o'meara : love the game
tawseef zargar : this is a good game
ishtiaq ahmmed : really good
a google user : awesome this game
a google user : the great
a google user : its good
a google user : mind blowing
pradip gole : love this game
chiranth kotian : this is awsome
tj reed : it is fun
kamran nawaz : good graphics
pro racing : the best
a google user : great game
jesus almonte : its awsome
rahul panwar : well played
balraj saab : great game
anr prime : good app
cyber wizard : satisfactory game
a google user : this is good
jilani patel : awesome graphics
a google user : it it was sexy
a google user : i love this game
a google user : good graphics
gulshan kumar : very perfect
arindam kalita : superb the game
erion rudolph : at is fun
a google user : pretty cool
aborishade success : cool game
cesar medina : it is amazing
prajwal khadka : it a cool
a google user : its good
vok sel : its awesome
jeff schaaf : the game was spectacular
a google user : its good
prakash bahadur : great game
killer youtuber : top game
brayden bartram : its good
sumit das : amzing graphicks
a google user : its cool
larry kidd : every fun
fanboy chum chum : great game
divender singh : good appp
md badsha fahad : awsome game
bishnu gurung : its nice
osei george : good graphics
jesus : amazing greatest
amir abu : good times
zach mchugh : awsome game
sachin_03 __ : realy good
sumaiya sayyed : best of game
shiv gupta : addictive game
adil saifi : i love this
abdinasir ahmed : cool games
malkeet ji : space is to big
a google user : good graphic
nimish mehta : game is nice
puneet raghuvanshi : great game
archie symonds : great game
a google user : nice games
alfred zhao : cool i
nicola savage : pretty good
pawan singh kanyal : could be better
a google user : it was fun
aaronjl66 : really good
janagi subramaniam : it was the best
suman chakraborty : great game
a google user : amazing and super and
a google user : so best
ziauddin shaikh : nice graphic
a google user : great graphic
dinky agrawal : intresting and action
surendar v : good to play
mudassir khan : smooth and good
a google user : pretty cool
a google user : good graphics
joshua cerda : cool game
fahmida siddika nargis : great game
a google user : love this game
prasanta gaming : so beautiful
headshot productions : could be better
skylor freeman : great game
paru nagaraj : lovely to play
heerishchand barosee : nice graphics
a google user : where where nice
benjamin panford- quainoo : yeah it nice
koyogesh sharma : cool supw
vishnu kumar jangid : all the best
a google user : lovely graphics
seth reagan : great game
mr_abhishek upadhayay : this is the best
ivory ghost : too easy
nuzhatsultana khan : awsome one
a google user : pretty good
a google user : i think that it is good
a google user : nice graphics
raman ranjan : very fantastic
jacob luden : it was fun
the lyon : thats awesome
shrikant balpande : wow better
a google user : its cool
nihal shah : it must be improved
andre pradana : love this graphic
a google user : its cool
a google user : nice graphics
isaiah kay : it cool
a google user : good and is the best
roshan ram sa : good graphics
rahul debta : great game
samuel burgess : awsome game
kiran singh : good graphics
a google user : its nice
atharva kamat : its good
spicy burger 101 : great game
kzh kalay : great game
aiden briones : cool
surya pratap singh : addictive and challenging
kaushal kumar singh : this is awesome
a google user : good graphics
bryce hisler : very cool
chitransh gurjar : good app
fan kxd : the best
vikram agarwal : this is amazing
azharuddin ar moon : cool game
harshal limbachiya : nice graphics
a google user : thank u
kingsly tshepiso : nicer than
sarah short : it is brill
ammar tahir : it is mindblowing
joseph combs : loved the game
sir taj : i liked this game
rahul barman : very addictive
ayush pandey : awsome bro
cheree raquel : awsome
a google user : amazing graphics
a google user : this is nice
tyrell horeczy *** : great game
a google user : awsome game
prashant kumar : love this game
meet joshi : superb graphics
sambrita dey : top 1
hadea riaz : nice playing this
a google user : good graphics
a google user : dit is cool
skiper skilly : it cool
tshepo mangonyama : its cool
tribal arjun : its lovely
coffee t boss : love this game
zaid ali : good graphics
a google user : its cool
arshlan khan : this is awesome
patel dhruv0142 : cool game
tyler burrows : loving it
vashu vats : its awesome
a google user : cool game
david jones : cool
plaza armor : great game
a google user : good graphics
a google user : very interesting
slayer official yt : good app
lovekush kumar : interested game
a google user : it was cool
mohammad manzar : best graphics
a google user : truly fantastic
a google user : good graphics
rj kohli : great game
miguel flores : cool
khan ayaan : great game
joshua soltero : that is cool
raushan raj : great expriwnce
miklos bremer : nice graphics
jason jacobs : its awesome
diamond dude : awesome loved it
dipak dhar : very challenging
laxman reddy : its good
a google user : it was great
bins cent : awesome comments
manish chopra : every
a google user : it was fun
atharva sankhe : great game
a google user : it was cool
minu ranabhat : nice games
a google user : very cool
jason cameron : great game
jose jaelipino on a stick : awesomeness lol
subasha pank : out standing
april kareem : its good
a google user : good for timepaas
lance houston : its cool
a google user : awesome graphics
sajij dafadar : good graphics
ritesh nishad : great game
saket kurhade : work on graphics
power plug 1234 : great game
ace v : cool
b.d.t tech : love this games
haddgamer yt : best game it is
a google user : so awsome
raymond toro : great game
corbin lopez : its cool
curtis renly : good luck with that
a google user : great game
sanjeev kumar yadav : exciting and awesome
ahmed wahla : its lovely
varun.m. gole : top classs
gamimg aada : cool game
usama ejaz : cool game
william fireline : love this game
walker ellis : love the series
callum barnes : nouts good about it
hutchison matt : includes it is good
madhusudan tiwari : best gameplay
jatin rathore : i love this game
zayden oshinaike : nice graphics
a google user : love it cigar
a google user : this is marvellous
apexa patel : cool graphic
a google user : really good
raj rupapara : very addictive
samsk8in : love this game
bhanusekhar reddy : awesum graphics
a google user : challenging fun
akshay singh : try this
sumit vishwakarma : love this game
forlando guerra : could be better
gregorian prince : great graphics
cyan ndrower : cool
mitchell jablonic : it is cool
darshith c m : great game
trivedi jii : great game
savaira ali : great game
tnv styx : love this game
durgesh kaushik : cool
abbas atoui : cool
muhammad muhammad : good app
amir : wery beauty
a google user : that is good
a google user : nice one
shyam m : superb and challenge
james cruz : cool
a google user : its good
bloody fang : it is best game
sing along with karan kashyap : intresting game
a google user : great game
a google user : nice one
a google user : game is life
5306 b srinivasan eee gce tj : so awesome
kasida islam : its awsome
sara hamunyela : cool
a google user : it is great game
therese jabbour : its awsome
amit kumar : that is cool
solomon soz : good graphics
govindagarwal powerman : good game it is
fresh new music : great graphics
a google user : how interesting
aaron ames : completely enjoy it
b2k gaming : tha best
netra pal singh chauhan : cool
sanjeet hitro : technically
a google user : very cool
amit srivastava : love this game
chase martin : pretty good
x.phantom.x : great game
a google user : good app
gufran khan : realy good
doctor j : cool
meet panchal panchal : great and beautiful
masala boys ibra and yoga : nice graphics
borb0n : its good
a google user : awesome fun
a google user : good graphics
star mobile : good app
issa queen akira : its great
damian breyton : awsome graphics
rony singha thakur : simply nice
mari bari : the best
dhruv sharma : best graphic
usama rana : good graphics
rohit nagre : good experience
a google user : it fine
a google user : sweety game
a google user : it is a awesome game
saba farad : its awesome
ranjan shah : really amazing
a google user : great game
a google user : ok cool
naresh chandra : loved the game
bhushanam dudala : great games
samip basnet : i love this game
raghav thakur : great user
a google user : great game
saubhagya rai : its good
zayquan coleman : its good
a google user : its fantastic
draven macgregor : cool
a google user : very cool
chris b : air tight
mahdi hasan : nice games
angel torres : cool game
rahul arora : nice graphic
bhabesh dhara : be the best
ivory jordan : it is cool
tuseef khan : best graphics
bhavish soni : mind blowing
jack duuggan : great game
chamarrius benson : so awsome
a google user : this game is no.1
adam littrell : don't download it
rohit shaw : can't download it
guru pada santra : awsome
juan garcia : only one call away
rahul verma : game is very fintastic thanks
bevarapavan sai : very time pass
amit lx : real game
gordon irvine : played on my tablet and my phone
krishna gurung : i download but it no download
karthik vijay : vijay in theri song download
yakub khan : this game is without sense game
bishal kharal : this game should be game of the year
shuten maru : cant download !
saddam miya : i cant play why?
md asad : what will b nxt?
a google user : not downloading
the terminator : when is trial xtreme 5 coming???
harshit singh : the #1 racing
raj singh rajput : i love this game
harry jones : you can can do it for a present can be
anthony oden : boring
eknath sankpal : my faverate game!!!
ethanpro mamauag : rkxlllfocllxlwl naruto and the naruto and the 009sharkboy brlns brlns brlns
jaskirat singh : game of the year and i will be in the year and i will be in the year and i will
olivier _p : year its ok.
mehedi hasan : good graphic
alundree andrews : cool
tanmay singh : best controls
hossain zakir : this game is a awesome game
grebe bernic : i love this game
fazlin al fahmie : best and cool
sangram ali : best of all
uzma007 solo rider : it is awsom period
a google user : great game great game
x ant : crashes
bharat sarswat : this game is very best
foxy hd lol : good an difficult
a google user : cool
yash gupta : addictive
memer_boy _007 : cool
ayush jaiswal : addictive
umarani nagarajan : don't play
a google user : i don't now
james bristow : grate game play!!!
deepak shanmugam : whatte game!!
adilsha ibrahim : great bad
raj sanadhya : i am a man who is the reason of shivaay anika separation of the day d, i
can send your ball with raj at night, because i can complete homework in
all subject only one due maths. okay! , i can send your ball with raj at
night, because i
udit aggarwal : can we play this game offline????
jade ajero : wathe game is this?
runboy0239 : search in youtube
randall thompson : ridiculousness awsome
karan tiwari : tx 4 tx is ossom
a google user : very very super app
naseem malik : game is no trye
nilkanth gharat : not downloading
basant yadav : 98 %. ho gya tha phir dikhata h ki app not installed 25gb free thi or 2gb ram free thi bekar game
lezlie scott : hated it
matt brouhard : hate it
raja raju : boring
bradford monroe : haters
aniket ganage : boring
dontae staton : hate it
amina s : boring
tahseen nayeem : boring
a google user : boring
a google user : hate it
a google user : boring
rajat dabas : addicted
a google user : beast
f2039 mohammad shapiq bin ghazali : hate
hitler gaming hitler : beast
dharmendra kumar : boring
sourav das : heavy
sooraj panjaria : boring
camron nelson : horrible
owen john : hate it
danielle liebertz : hate it
anurag yadav : boring
singh tiwana : boring
randy gray : bomb
isaac melchy : boring
basheer ahmed : hated it
melanie h : horrible
a google user : heavy
pixie shrestha : hate
kiyla dupree : hated it
jakir hussain : hated
arthur kim : hated it
saad amir : hate it
a google user : wither
21 barker : beast
a google user : hated
gav iggy : horrible
a google user : boring
a google user : boring
a google user : boring
nathaniel dorsey : beast
asrar ul haq : boring
nightcore king : hate it
manoj manoj : boring
a google user : horrible
instantpowell powell : mofo
aditya gupta : boring
prashant gage : boaring
dylan scott : hated it
aneesh babu : boring
lalit verma : blotch
sean dziuk : hated it
a google user : hate it
amanda wills : horrible
akash karmakar : wasted
munstar_03 : boring
maxxx gaming : hate it
emo kid : hate it
a google user : hated it
nn nn : boring
amjad tahir muhammad : hate
tyler deluca : boring
anil sharma : hated it
jodie clinkard : sick awsome
sam kk : itsssssss. awsm
kavish singh : awesome love it
sauhard dhakal : s!
addy shah 0077 : offline play.. please
ayesha freefier : ff, fastdownot
chaitanya pawase : can't download
aditya raj : game backwash.
naveen oguri : wow it's right
dhruv raval : it's fabulance
himal pokhrel : i have nt played yet
manojkumar thokal : that,s ok
gaire ganesh : supop game..lop it
michael h : hard to get money...
a google user : addictive
nishad sarker : cool
demarion smith : cool
winning solutions : cool
shadrick mwape : cool
sujal shahare : interesting
a google user : cool
ameer hamzah usman : addictive
shiva singh : cool
rehmat ali shaikh : cool
kicks blast : cool
bhumik parmar : cool
a google user : cool
jaden the gamer : cool
a google user : cool
lang lang : cool
gaming with luckey : cool
jed mateo : relaxing
a google user : cool
billy young 4235 : cool
a google user : cool
trayveon webber : coool
a google user : cool
ajay balaji : cool
daily knowledge and gaming : cool
khalil hayouni : cool
a google user : cool
shaurya panwar : top
sean pobee : cool
kuldeep singh : this is nice
ileana rodriguez : awsome
abhay kaushal : top
cool game : cool
ashley rezents : cool
mandadi naresh : cool
felicia bigley : cool
a google user : cool
juandre els : cool
mohun kevin : top
mohammed sibil : addictive
ishwar devadiga : cool
cameron bradley : cool
a google user : cool
angela johns : cool
bishal dev barma : cool
sk masthanvali : intresting
shashwat singh : cool
mike carpenter : cool
sweekar gamecast : cool
rakdip rajbanshi : cool
a google user : it is nice
a google user : cool
noyal francis : cool
alandaniel ibarra : cool
chandrakant pawar : cool
sharky caleb and broody : cool
jack bowker : cool
a google user : cool
isaiah romick : cool
vinnie porter : cool
khan saquib : cool
noahs channel king : cool
fahad ali : cool
adrian sirb : cool
g w : cool
amita chaudhary : cool
michelle stell : cool
brody elliott : cool
kritant baghel : cool
gilbert garza : cool
a google user : be the best
nandagopan : outstandingly
nprs nehal : thrilling
bittu shaw : cool
isaiah garcia : cool
a google user : cool
a google user : love that
star jordan : it is cool
daniel bruce : cool as
us sylvestre : cool
a google user : cool
utry topoo : cool
haylee marino : cool
two steezy skaters : cool
andrew soto : cool
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
judy garland : the best
istak king jaani : top
clemeno, seira : coool
a google user : thrilled
a google user : cool
ravi sharma : cool
nevingame : cool
ebrahim fatemi : cool
beharu niga : top
sabir husain : cool
padmajaprasad padmajaprasad : cool
vicky nikam : cool
michael radu : cool
bedre siddharth rahul : addictive
luka djuric : cool
pandit ji : excited
ultra noob joker yt : cool
pradeep phasge : cool
dpace gamer : cool
tanish hingorani : cool
christian merrill : cool
bhupinderbirdi goldy : coool
dominic garcia : cool
a google user : top
manoj dubey : cool
a google user : cool
muhammad syafiq : excited
sanjana chavan : cool
ely miza : cool
a google user : addictive
rajwinder singh : intresting
a google user : cool
beverley cook : cool
caiden crawford : cool
a google user : cool
althaf sohar : exciting
atharav : cool
zymir hynson : cool
a google user : cool
2raw_qwan : cool
rekha dayanand : cool
beast hopp king kindo : cool
harry don : incredible
a google user : advanced
zach markham : addictive
a google user : cool
nidhin das : cool
uche king : cool
r allen : cool
a google user : cool
peter lue : cool
a google user : cool
ethan dewease : cool
a google user : cool
a google user : cool
todd heimer : cool
a google user : what a fabolus game it is ....
carlos anziani : hectoring
mason conley : boring
amar pansariya : boring
a google user : how butifull
silver sid : need challenge?
martin andersson : game is pay-to-win
ttv dilz y47 : it's ok #
john mains : it's alright
a google user : its owesome.
nayan datta : very nyc game....
juan lira : cool
jeremiah d'antonio : cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool cool
sbomb 2330 smith : cool
jordan smith : cool
carsen lauer : cool
w. hickman : cool
jose luna : cool
mourya aditya prakash : cool cool
aniket kharat : cool
kyle burger : cool
bla bla : cool
mikey santiago : cool
dionito tambago jr : cool
a google user : i this game
a google user : it's a batter
navdeep singh : what the fu....k
sikander shah : iloved it much ....
marcia harper : it took an hour to load
a google user : so owesome.
rajender kumar : ok thanks
jass gill : ads ads ads only ads
ben clee : wow what a game!!
pranamita nayak : is it offline or online ???
kiran rao pawar : it's awsom
dylan hurd : it's funny
harihar kumar dixit : ho it's ok
brian gavin : it's crazy
iamlotana : is crazy
dheeraj parsa : it's cheap
magnus orkell sigurbjornsson : it's good_
ankit sharma : owsm game..
pulkit trivedi : aswm game..
a google user : it's g
a google user : it's ok
rushil rupear : it's ok
damian hassa : it's ok
saifff sekhhh : it's ok
aaron best : it's ok
tristian roberts : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
lxvesenpai : it's ok
zord gaming : it's ok
all rounder channel : it's ok
jayaprakash kg : it's ok
sasi dharan : it's ok
raeveono jacobs : it's ok
tamil jaban : it's ok
neeraj kumar : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
harshal patil : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
ajit patil : it's ok
yash gautam : it's ok
christian .erickson : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
jashwanth reddy : it's ok
mohd. majid : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
saksham shrivastava : it's ok
akshat jain : it's ok
tareq fs : it's ok
bradley johnson : it's ok
shahriar safikhani : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
a google user : it's ok
a google user : thank. ok
vicki twupack : it's boss
harshvardhan patil : it's osom
sanjay ks : this game was super
usman saleem : headphones... saleem
shawn neshkoff : nope.your turn.
wqas rajpoot : i am going to download it
kk funspot : it's new
rudra : it's osm
a google user : it's coo
a google user : it's new
jochsen dapar : childhood memories.....
fireking1122 : won't load....
vinod k : yes it issss....
a google user : really racci....
trendy newstube : so addicting.....
it's arjun : is it free now??
sidharth dadheech : it had many ads
sanju verma : this game is very manga
kevin john : motocross back......
sayan garai : awsmme game.....
brendan basilio : its too hard to play!!!!
steve nicol : why do you ask for permission for storage.what has that to do with playing a motorbike.why would you need my media,photos and such like.i didn't even play i uninstalled it.
mohd. aqib : childhood memories
jalee howard : ......it sucks dick
harsh : i play this game after 6 year
panther : what u expect me 2 write im one of those people who just don't care... hence why i'm taking all this time to write this. | sarcasm
iwan ktoet : it's...
khalid mahamood : f*** off
vaibhav pimple : *** it's ok
razz tekam : please support............
sarah clingan : this game is litttttttt
a google user : i heavent play and it is downloding
richie rich : seriously....
a google user : fabulous_version_of_all_of_once
happyzone giger ke chalee : beat graphic
ramesh. dangi dangi : very hard game
keenan gomes : rreally extreme
daeshan corby-kirkwood : take the ads out
a google user : owesome rides is here
arup basak : assowm
a google user : thanks bhai
a google user : ioved it
ishvarbhai zinzuvadiya : osm graphics
saroj bhandari : upon hereafter
akshek patil : thike thak
vasram ravaria : what a game
paysal dimalin : thigs the games
seema rathour : aditya rathore
a1 events & fancy world : syed faizan
chowdhury imtiaz : boss game
sujal jain : it rock
a google user : three children
akshad abbas : thank for this game
a google user : king of karthi
movies 24 : duck this game
abhi gochar : abhishek gochar
crazy tanvir : butifull games
a google user : theak tha
a google user : dashrath sinh
himanshu kamble : that game is faltu
lovely zeus : l think
a google user : security guard
ashok : this is a dest game
xitij pandey vines : awwsome game
dhruv sandeep gunjal : one number
tristen hughes : like the graphics
pamela therkelsen : its asome
a google user : amol shirdi
rishit bhatia : bhot hard
rajesh kumar tripathy : experience of bike
harsh preet : game download
pyla kartik : as we
md farhad : trialxtreme4 ratethisapp
vivek singh : download this apk
sai thaarun : leathal sai
amar jyoti bordoloi : its ok
tarun verma : verry nonice
priya bharath : rohith ti
chotu kumar : new century
karthik prakash : sutha game
yash sawant : ousm game
a google user : try it out
extreame list : aowsome game
shashwat pandey : thik hai
a google user : thanks you
a google user : very att
lance gabatin : is this offline
siddharth lamba : i knew it
mariachi cognitive : dope graphics
balu nani : poor graphics
charlie coker : it sucks
jude thomas : poor graphics
mohammad jamshidi yeganeh : thank you
russ collins : stephen
prajwal chintu : its ok
charlie jennifer jarvis : it is shot
son jan : bice game
harish saif : it was awsm
tayyaba afzal : no words for it
ayan bachar : thanks for this application
lerato banda : meow me
kartick chandra paul : what is it
jean-yves dube : is pop
mahesh chotu : thanks for this game
arvind garg : very muxh
mohammad illius miah : what a game
a google user : it is panchat
pavan kumar : please dwonlod
a google user : like for this game
rishu raj : bhaut accha
duhan toprakci : oh yeah
eduardo ponce : hi everyone
viji albert : what a super
tips to learn : the game is ooooooosm
rabiul islam : who cares
ram raj verma : what a game
rohith rao : what about mountain
talib wani : thnksgoogle team
hayden gantner : get this game
vikas nanwana : o thanks
a google user : what a game
a google user : ashveer singh
abhishek kumar : its ok
priya mayekar : nothing to do
ralph ebarat : hard to download
ashraf th : bas graphis
madhavi gopal : aewsome
paul bayton : it was awesomesauce
daquan pinner : the 360s
abhijit chakraborty : this is verygood
sr gaming : graphics kundi
kayla walker : get this game
gold fortinegaoishere : joined the team
rameshramesh ramesh : roman reigns
umar shahid : wow what a gamza
a google user : the
mario alexander guerra posso : a some
a google user : thanks app
a google user : what a games
malay ku murmu : thanks jio
sahil sharma : what a miracle game
praveen mannava : poor graphics
anupama kumari : thankyou for that game
graeme foulis : it is awesone
a google user : woh what a game
nathan goupar : facon play
lowie andagan : kalaw on the mix
mark osbourne : sound game
elizar villalpando : ight bruh
i bh : not free
fumanchu flores : thanks
noufal bakali : both hard
krish ganna : it is awesommmme
naresh power : warst game
a google user : its class
sunita devi : whatb thegame
ignition : mast bro
rian khan : what a game
chacon garcia : siombe
deena dhayalan jp : mass than
beast playa : it sucks
a google user : god of the games
mohd suhail : lots of entertainment
terrance mccullough : thead
lance webster : in the butt
a google user : intrsting game
hiren patel : make it offline
a google user : shreyas raghav
a google user : thanks you
sahil sharma : it sucks
omkar natekar : need internat
tylor clark : so addicting
a google user : like this game
sarvajeet ishu : nce game
k. snyder_812 : it was alright
isaac mann : its ight
deep kumar : play this game
gerti note : is ight
suman gupta : tfc
kalpesh rathava nev sing rathava : rathva
omprakash tiwari : this is+
nakib shaikh : the
dheeraj kaushik : it is a blockbustergame
tiffany saults : bruin of course of
cornelius cush : butthole game
a google user : is a goud
traxxas telluride : it suck
a google user : its ok
nj : this game is sickk
nj unicorns : i think it is amesome
michael mills : wicked bruv
a google user : super is graphic
zakonot zakon : what fucuk
logan simonson : asome
adrian hernandez : it sucks
brittany smith : free ride
ashmit singh : thek hai
bibek shresta : verrynice game
rayhan khan : osthir game
fesal shaikh : thanks
henry schofield : really
pavan kumar gajula : this lsaw a
amisha patel : everything
a google user : make it hourable
danish jani danish jani : aowesm game
melissa lebouef : thursday
roman empire : nyc interfaces
asphalt legents is back : o
a google user : wat a game
sathish veera1 : supper graphics
technical harsh : pay free
curt edward : sucks asss
imran khan : nic one
mustafa suratwala : full of virus
akash dutta : iove this game
mohammed chouchene : thanks for game
barriyy lawal : its ok
dekorion dixon : like this app
a google user : what a game
manjula triwal : these challenge
omkar s s shewale : open to coming
a google user : its aight
a google user : the ract
shaurya upadhyay : it is intrwsting
naman goyal : thanks j
suraj yadav : bhut hard
jiban bhattrai : lv this game
pratik patil someplaceelse : online game
shailesh chaurasiya : hi to everyone
camila pantas : beayifull games
kk hsi : no thanks
nickesh dhanoa : boss
sandan shrestha : hero game
adi khimla : exiciting game
rhonda eller : it is awsom
a google user : race the game
anusha vivek : super thriller
a google user : really osm
amanda palmquist : it was asome
a google user : lots of mb
night wing : it sucks
mina abdo : fix the game
tejesh gowda : lived it
joseph grylls : before playing
not haber : forced ads
s.prabavathi s.prabavathi : super graphics
jayanth an : than
jonathan riner : it sucks
hi there : fufck you
onkar vibhute : nce one
gurjant gurjant : very intristing
mandiso sthembiso : not now
aditya dwivedi : brillient game is this
jessica dickens : asome game
denis ungureanu : its aufoul
khasif ali : fan of this game
rahul lawaniy : theek hai
a google user : its ok
miataa : it sucks
a google user : chumma gamee
timothy adams : timothy adams
crav3s_ : it sucks
pete : it wasawsome
sandeep tayal : ilove this game
rahul kushwah : wrost app
jaylen mann : think you
anthony rogers : surprisingly fluid
conall moore : it is asom
a google user : ilove this game
hari goud : tharun goud
shankar unni : low graphics
born 2 belive : like this game
sh sahad hosine : it is s
a google user : it sucks
divyansh mehta : it hard
chris lyman : hi there
bipul khan : its to hard
dylan collins : like this game
sushil kumar : poor interface
marie funna : the
ohh zinox : whateves
shamsu puthanpurayil : iloveit this game
mr. vaibhav : thanks for releasing
abhishek sachdeva : nic one
a google user : what the game
waris shaikh : waris force
jaggi rajpal : g focal
rudra sawant : o
abraham smith : suckiest sighk
a google user : its fabolus
mijanur rahaman : play store
indra indra : full of entertainment
a google user : gud to play
christopher worch : go graphics
akash chaudhary : lokesh chaudhary
manish kumar : chut mean
a google user : very hard
a google user : raj rathour
akash kumar : archit singh
devil dog5968 : it alright
a google user : wow the game
a google user : below gioco
javonn walker : it sucks
a google user : prathmesh awalwar
a google user : achha app
a google user : it sucks
tx nova op : thanks
tahlil mosley : it sucks
renesha stalks : its cole
flirt killer : its wow
a google user : very super
habibashams shams : it is an epic game
pawan zarariya : not game is
dz status : fth
mansaram bhil : vishal bhil
a google user : its awsm
abdul rafeh : not download
kirankamala gowda : pavani charitha
chris kiker : its whatever
crystal valadez : it a sucks
huny sharma : play with internet
eliud avila : it sucks
mia gauthier : it is epic
a google user : # savethehair
yogesh singh : this game is
muhammad sulaiman : of games
eagle eagle : it's ok
a google user : alright.
bryson durand : try it
nate townsend : alright:)
authentic creations : adventerous..
krishna mandal : fabouls
a google user : its
suciu sergiu : i cant open it. !!!!! fix it . now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
rohit yadav : addective
a google user : cooooolll
nikhat banu : gehxtyec .....
dj aditya kkc : s;
mukesh kumar : thanks.....
theo pope : i found the secret banana!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
adnan mirani : nothing.special
anbu m : a.vishnu
mohammad naseri : thanks
kaden rice : it sucks
theja mano : thewssick
ramesh kumawat : if it
liew phimmasone : liewphimmasone
a google user : nothing
paven mathew : sucks
saroj shrestha : wounderfull
saif ansari : owesome
shivam kumar soni : high
leonel arenas : sucks
a google user : cook
a google user : msgthewarrior
batla gaming : ousthir
a google user : nothing
dev amazing tv : o
a google user : thank
khan khan260 : thanks
marzuk seidu : thanks
a google user : f it
nilesh567 ghelani : thanks
lovepreet singh : nothing
sunil dhumal : think
tijani malik : alright
hyderabadi gamer : owesome
a google user : nothing
mouzim mushtaq : nothing
a google user : nothing
vinayak vinayak : rather
a google user : thanxx
talha apurbo : boss
aka the 100k master : bhenshod
vanitha poojary : praneeth
vijay jangid : think
mahesh katgeri : thanks
a google user : what
aditya kaushik : champion
m. ravi teja : wast
a google user : thank
sangeeta karotiya : ansh
funny video : food
a google user : nothing
kangong christabel : beat
santosh kumar : ismthe
kyle hallenbeck : sucks
a google user : nothing
a google user : thanks
a google user : thinko
warren kelsey : sory
cayden brooks : asom
a google user : goodluckwithyourfriends
a google user : thegio
manzoor ganie : enough
immanuel mathew : cooler
kaden madsen : cock
a google user : nothing
ram gupta : ansh
a google user : atharv
a google user : unknown
taufique ahmed : would
a google user : money
anita lord : sucks
tin santic : nothing
a google user : thanks
gaming anil : thanks
a google user : harrison
alma robinson : it sucks
a google user : high
aryaman shrestha : thanks
anil dikao : credit
big fate : this
sonal jaiswal : faboulsss
redneck mud mowers and quads : it sucks
vaibhav reddy : asom
dracalls surbuz : aweasome
khabbab khabbab1 : sucks
ashish sanodiya : offo
aqib khan : nothing
samarth lokare : hatedit
a google user : bhancho
arkajyoti bora : nothing
a gamer : it sucks
yash brock : hat
pawar sunny : nothing
roopa gb : that
sp mishra : o
huma khan : nothing
rabia city furniture : nothing
treshawn woody : if it
saucy skits : why
ronish ghimire : lop it
xan baby : free
omid dianati : asegesham
a google user : itd
gregg and amy cefalo : asome
tierra brown : thanks
a google user : thanks
rdx smile gaming : addactive
rajesh sharma : this is it
sbj sajeeb : thanks
ramajayam chinnapaiyan19 : vinoth
kyle ransome : sucks
elmer tyson : iloveyourwork
alberto murillo : hey
a google user : ousome
a google user : art
pradeep rana : was as
anas ansari : accha
suman kumar singh : nothg
a google user : s.f
nation laws : boss
zahid khan : edited
a google user : weast
a google user : to
bibek chhetri : holyshit
a google user : thassa
mohit dasoriya : o
tristan baumer : hey
a google user : fines
sharique khan : the
richard ambur : asome
dream 11 cricket : beater
bboy salim : nothing
knowledge for everyone : cheater
mohamad_ tariq : nothing
ashish jaishwal : nothing
colton derr : nothing
a google user : bsp is
alvin jr villareal : fowr
glenn dagreat : ewh
gajendra ingale : very game
choto ronaldo : asome
priti jain : very w game
yaqoub abdi : it's such a large game don't play it
rick montesino : sucks sucks and sucks
adam foley : boss
ramesh shrestha : thanks
gopal sharma : the
shelby : sucks
a google user : ass ass
billy cole : terry
malik davis : boss
pavan gupta : nothing
hemant kumavat : thanks
siammed'arc : boss
raju sharma : thanks thanks
ramsay tapia : bossness
philip bandoh : thanks
thanveer : very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very very verygood game
a google user : please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please please download
